2018 United States Senate elections

Elections happened on November 6, 2018 to elect 35 class 1 members to the United States Senate. The winners were elected into a six-year term from January 3, 2019, to January 3, 2025. Two special senate elections were also held on the same day: one in Minnesota after Al Franken resigned and Mississippi after Thad Cochran resigned.



2022 United States Senate election in Utah

The 2022 United States Senate election in Utah was held on November 8, 2022. The election was between Republican nominee Mike Lee and independent candidate Evan McMullin. Mike Lee won the election.

This was the first Senate election in Utah's history where there was no Democratic nominee.





The Utah Democratic Party state convention took place on April 23, 2022. However, as opposed to nominating Kael Weston, the only Democrat running in the convention, the party chose to support Evan McMullin's independent campaign, following encouragement from many Democrats in the state, including former Rep. Ben McAdams and Salt Lake County Mayor Jenny Wilson.





The Utah Democratic Party held a state convention on April 23, 2022. At here they endorsed candidates for state offices. Supporters of Evan McMullin, led by Salt Lake County mayor Jenny Wilson, introduced a motion for the state party to forgo nominating a Democratic candidate for the U.S. Senate and to instead "join Evan McMullin’s independent coalition to beat Mike Lee". They contended that not doing so would split the anti-Lee vote in the general election. The motion was opposed by supporters of Kael Weston, the lone Democratic candidate for the seat who thus would have received the nomination had the motion failed. The delegates passed the motion by a 57%–43% margin.




Michael's Gate

Michael's Gate () is a city gate in Bratislava, Slovakia.

Grassalkovich Palace

The Grassalkovich Palace () is a palace in Bratislava and the home of the president of Slovakia. The building is a Rococo-late Baroque summer palace with a French garden.

Devín Castle

Devín Castle is a castle in Devín, a borough of Bratislava, the capital of Slovakia.

Monte (Funchal)

Monte is a civil parish in Funchal, Madeira. Local people also call it "Nossa Senhora do Monte". 6,701 people lived there in 2011. The area of Monte is 18.59 km².

Liatris

Liatris, or gayfather, is a genus of flowering plants. It is in the sunflower family of the boneset tribe. It is native to North America (Canada, United States, Mexico and the Bahamas). Its most common name is blazing star.

They are perennials, meaning they grow leaves and flowers every year. They survive winter as corms.

"Liatris" species are used as food by the larvae of some butterflies and moths. The bleeding flower moth's larvae only feed on "Liatris".

Louisiana State University Shreveport

Louisiana State University Shreveport (LSU Shreveport or LSUS) is a public university in Shreveport, Louisiana. It is part of the Louisiana State University System. Initially, a two-year college, LSUS has expanded into a university with 21 undergraduate degree programs, a dozen master's degree programs, and more recently a Doctorate of Education (Ed.D.) in Leadership Studies. LSUS offers more than 70 extra-curricular organizations and operates Red River Radio, a public radio network based in Shreveport. The school's athletic programs, nicknamed the Pilots, are members of the National Association of Intercollegiate Athletics (NAIA) and the Red River Athletic Conference.

Wangfujing station

Wangfujing Station is a railway station located in Dongcheng, Beijing, It is the transfer station of Line 1 and Line 8. The station is decorated with the color yellow, the color of prosperity.

This station is located at the intersection of Wangfujing Street and Chang'an Avenue. Wangfujing Ancient Human Culture Site Museum is at the A port.

The station hall of Wangfujing Station of Line 1 is located under East Chang'an Avenue, passing through two underground passages that cross East Chang'an Avenue.The station hall of Line 8 is located in the underground on the north side of the intersection of Wangfujing Street and East Chang'an Street, there are two transfers on the south side The passage entrance and the mural "Wangfu Ancient Charm", the station hall of Line 8 is connected to the station hall of Line 1 on the upper floor through the stairs and escalators in the transfer passage, and there is another straight elevator leading to the station hall of Line 1 in the southwest corner. . From the station hall to the platform on the southernmost side of the escalator brow wall is the mural "Century Time-honored Brand", and on the northernmost escalator brow wall is "Wangfujing Xinjie Times Xing".
The platform of Wangfujing Station of Line 1 is located at the bottom of East Chang'an Street. It is an island-style platform. At present, Half-Height Security Gate has been installed (officially opened on July 23, 2017). Line 8 has an island-style platform at the bottom of Wangfujing Street, and Line 1 goes under the rail area.
This subway station has 5 exits: A northeast (to Oriental Plaza), B southeast, C southwest, E3 north, F1 east, of which exits B and C are on the east and west side of Wangfujing intersection, respectively. In the passage, according to the exit of the underground passage, it is divided into B1 (northeast east), B2 (southeast east), B3 (southeast west), C1 (northwest west), C2 (northwest east), C3 (southwest east), C4 (southwest west) Exit, E3 is next to Gongmei Building on the north side of the intersection of Wangfujing Street and Dongdan Santiao, F1 is located on the east of Wangfujing Street side (between Dashamao Hutong and Xigongfu Street), northwest of the west gate of Oriental Plaza. E3 and F1 exits are equipped with ramps, of which the F1 ramp is dedicated to luggage.

Sorority Boys

Sorority Boys is a 2002 American comedy movie. Wallace Wolodarsky directed it. It is about a group of college boys who dress up as girls to prove they did not steal from their friends. Along the way, they learn about unfairness toward women. The movie starred Barry Watson, Michael Rosenbaum and Harland Williams.

Three college friends, Dave, Adam, and Dooferwho are head of the Social Committee in a fraternity house called Kappa Omicron Kappa ("KOK" sounds like a slang word for penis)are living the party lifestyle. The KOKs throw wild parties. Many other college students like to come to these parties, but the KOKs are mean to the women. For example, they take photographs of women waking up after having sex with a KOK. They do not allow ugly women to come to their parties. They often make fun of the all-girl sorority group Delta Omicron Gamma ("DOG" is a slang word for "unattractive woman"), who protest the actions of the KOKs as rude and sexist.

The frat president, Spence, accuses Dave, Adam, and Doofer of stealing money from the frat treasury. Spence convinces the other KOKs that the three are thieves, and they are kicked out of the house.

Doofer tells his friends that he thinks Spence himself stole the money. Because the frat's safe was in Adam's room, he says, Adam may have accidentally recorded Spence stealing the money while Adam was making a movie of a sexual encounter. But to find the tape, they must re-enter the house. Doofer says they should dress as beautiful women so that the KOKs will let them into the house during the next party. They call themselves Adina, Roberta, and Daisy. The KOKs believe that all three are women, but they throw them out of the frat for not being beautiful enough.

The women of the DOG sorority rescue Dave, Adam, and Doofer, thinking they are "plus-size girls" and let them stay at their sorority house. For the rest of the movie, the boys switch between wearing their own clothes and dressing as women. They try to sneak back into the KOK house to find the tape many times. Along the way, they become friends with the DOG sisters. They learn that they and the KOKs had been treating women very badly. All three become better and wiser men.

Critics said this was a very bad movie. On Rotten Tomatoes, it has an approval rating of 12% based on 65 reviews, with an average score of 3.22/10. The website reads: "A sloppy fratboy movie, "Sorority Boys" offers up a parade of gross-out gags and sex jokes, while insulting and ogling women." On Metacritic, the movie has a rank of 25 out of 100 based on 20 critics, meaning that most critics had not liked it.

The movie cost $12 million budget and only made a little more money than that: $12,517,488 worldwide.

Lisa Schwarzbaum of "Entertainment Weekly" gave the movie a score of a "B," saying that "There are moments of real funniness in this smarter-than-anticipated goof-fest."

Ed Gonzalez of "Slant Magazine" gave the movie 1.5 stars out of 5, explaining his reasoning by the fact that ""Sorority Boys" only confirms the threat posed to the film industry when homo-wary frat boys are allowed to play director."

"The New York Times"s A. O. Scott criticized the movie's director, saying that "[he] has made a film that even a rabid lowbrow like Homer Simpson (or, when the mood strikes, this critic) would find beneath his dignity."

Ladyhawke

Ladyhawke is a 1985 American Italian fantasy movie directed by Richard Donner and starring Michelle Pfeiffer, Matthew Broderick, Rutger Hauer, John Wood, Ken Hutchison, Leo McKern. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox and Warner Bros.. It was nominated for 2 Academy Awards in 1986.


List of Danish monarchs

This is a list of Danish monarchs since 950 

List of tallest people in the world

This is a list of men and women who are (or have been) the tallest people in the world.

Ontong Java Plateau

The Ontong Java Plateau (OJP) is a huge oceanic plateau in the southwestern Pacific Ocean, north of the Solomon Islands.
The OJP was formed around 120 million years ago. When eruption of lava ended, the Ontong plateau covered 1% of Earth's surface. It had a volume of of basaltic magma.

This Ontong Java event was the largest volcanic event of the past 200 million years. Its magma production was several times larger than the Deccan Traps.
The smooth surface of the OJP is punctuated by seamounts such as the Ontong Java Atoll, one of the largest atolls in the world.


Mickey's Birthday Party

Mickey's Birthday Party is a 1942 American animated short film directed by Riley Thomson, produced by Walt Disney Productions and distributed by RKO Radio Pictures. The 114th short to feature Mickey Mouse, it was released on February 7, 1942. The animated film was directed by Riley Thomson and animated by Les Clark, James Moore, Ken Muse, Armin Shaffair, Riley Thompson, Bernie Wolf, and Marvin Woodward. It was the 116th short in the "Mickey Mouse" film series to be released, and the first for that year.

This short is an update of the 1931 black and white short "The Birthday Party". The 1931 version only had Mickey, Minnie, Clarabelle and Horace, since none of the other characters existed at the time.

It also has some marks of 1932's "The Whoopee Party".

Some of the animation of Mickey's wild dance was actually originally done by Ward Kimball for "The Reluctant Dragon", not only used in the film.


The short was released on May 18, 2004, on "".


How to Stay at Home

How to Stay at Home is a television series of animated shorts produced by Walt Disney Animation Studios. The series is directed by Eric Goldberg. It stars Bill Farmer and Corey Burton. The series is about Goofy being forced to stay in his home because of the COVID-19 pandemic. The three shorts were released in August 11, 2021, on Disney+.

Told in the style of the classic "How to..." series, the series follows Goofy's life in his home during the COVID-19 pandemic.


"How to Stay at Home" was released on Disney+, in August 11, 2021. The series consists of three shorts.

Fatma Zohra Ksentini

Fatma Zohra Ouhachi-Vesely (née Ksentini)() is an Algeria woman officeholder. She is the first on toxic wastes from 1995 to 2004. Before having her position, she was a "Special Rapporteur" in the from 1989 to 1994.

Ksentini was a part of the "Sub-Commission on Prevention of Discrimination and Protection of Minorities". It was when she was named "special rapporteur" on Human Rights and the Environment in 1989. For the United Nations Commission on Human Rights, she started a four-year search work into environmental human rights in 1990. After completing her research in 1994, she submitted her findings to the "Draft Declaration of Principles on Human Rights and the Environment".

In 1995, Ksentini became the "United Nations Special Rapporteur" on Toxic Wastes. During the starting of her office, she collected some information on the health effects of throwing out of toxic wastes. After submitting her report in 1997, Ksentini gave negative comments on the "Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights". It was for not providing her the necessary funding to carry on the actual finding. After being selected again in 1998, Ksentini developed many proposals on the destroying of toxic waste disposals into developing countries. Her final term as "Special Rapporteur" started in 2001 and ended in 2004.

Outside of her work as Special Rapporetur, Ksentini was the chairwoman of the "Working Group on Contemporary Forms of Slavery" in 1991.

Ksentini was married to a Mr. Ouhachi-Vesely.

Elizabeth Mrema

Elizabeth Maruma Mrema is a Tanzanian biodiversity leader and a lawyer. She is currently living in Montreal, Canada. She was appointed as an executive secretary of the United Nations "Convention on Biological Diversity" (CBD) in 2020.She is the first African woman to hold this role. She previously had many top leading positions in the "United Nations Environment Programme".

Mrema had a "Bachelor of Law" from Tanzania's . Later, she had by a "Master of Law" degree from "Dalhousie University" in , Canada. She also had a "Postgraduate Diploma in International Relations and Diplomacy" from the Centre of Foreign Relations and Diplomacy in , Tanzania. 

Before starting her work with , Mrema worked for Tanzania's Ministry of Foreign Affairs and International Cooperation. She was serving as a Counsellor/Senior Legal Counsel. She was also a lecturer in Public International Law and Conference Diplomacy at Tanzania's Centre for Foreign Relations and Diplomacy. 

From 2009 to 2012, she worked at an organisation in Bonn, Germany. In 2009, she became Acting Executive Secretary of the UNEP/ASCOBANS (Agreement on the Conservation of Small Cetaceans of the Baltic, North East Atlantic, Irish and North Seas), Executive Secretary of the UNEP/Secretariat of the Convention on the Conservation of Migratory Species of Wild Animals (CMS) and Interim Executive Secretary of the UNEP/Gorilla Agreement. 

Starting from 2012, she has been working as Deputy Director of the Ecosystems Division at the United Nations Environment Programme (UNEP). While doing so, she oversaw the organization's coordination, operations and programme delivery. She then became the Director of the Law Division at the United Nations Environment Programme (UNEP) in June 2014. In 2018, she again worked as the Acting Director of the "Corporate Services Division". In November 2019, Mrema worked as a temporary "Officer in Charge of the CBD Secretariat". Starting from December 2019, she worked as the Acting Executive Secretary of the United Nations Convention on Biological Diversity (CBD) Secretariat. In July 2020, she became the Executive Secretary role.

Elizabeth Maruma Mrema was the Director of the Law Division. She had worked with UNEP for over twenty years.

Besides doing leading roles, Mrema serves as a willing lecturer without taking any salary at the University of Nairobi - Law School. She has previously lectured without taking any salary at International Development Law Organization (IDLO), Rome, Italy.

She wrote many articles on international environmental law. She also created many handbooks and guides for many-sided environmental agreements and other topics on environmental law.

In 2007, she was given the first-ever UNEP-wide Best Manager of the Year Award (the UNEP Baobab Staff Award) "for exceptional performance and dedication towards achieving the goals of UNEP".

In 2021, the IUCN World Commission on Environmental Law (WCEL) and the United Nations Environment Programme (UNEP) awarded Elizabeth with the "Nicholas Robinson Award for Excellence in Environmental Law".

Bratislava Castle

Bratislava Castle (, ) is the main castle in Bratislava, Slovakia.

The Simple Things

The Simple Things is a 1953 animated short subject, part of the "Mickey Mouse" series, produced by Walt Disney Productions. Released by RKO Radio Pictures on March 27, 1953, the short is notable as the 126th and final regular entry in the "Mickey Mouse" theatrical cartoon series.

Following this short, one-shot Mickey shorts were produced: the featurettes "Mickey's Christmas Carol" (1983) and "The Prince and the Pauper" (1990), and the shorts "Runaway Brain" (1995), and "Get a Horse!" (2013).

The cartoon was featured in the video game "Disney's Magical Mirror Starring Mickey Mouse".


The short was released on May 18, 2004 on "".

Anti-abortion violence

Anti-abortion violence is violence committed against individuals and organizations that perform abortions.

The murders of David Gunn (1993), John Britton (1994), Barnett Slepian (1998) and George Tiller (2009) are examples of anti-abortion violence in the United States.

Milenio Televisión

Milenio Televisión is a Mexican television cable news channel owned by Grupo Multimedios.

The news programming uses the resources of the Milenio newspaper, one of the largest in the country. Programming is 24 hours a day. They have news, analysis and specialized programs. The channel is available in various pay TV systems at Mexico and the US, and on the internet. Milenio has also been available on the second digital subchannels of Multimedios television stations, as well as those of XHIJ-TDT and XHILA-TDT.
The network produces newscasts for Los Angeles called "Noticias 22 Milenio". The newscasts air weekdays from 3 to 4 p.m., daily from 7 to 8 p.m. and daily from 10 to 11:30 PM (Pacific Time). on KWHY-TV 22.
During 2012, Milenio Television began broadcasting on Digital Television on 12.2 of XHAW-TDT; until 2015 it moved to 12.2 of XHSAW-TDT. In 2017, it changed to channel 13.2. In February 2018, due to the change of XHAW-TDT from 12.1 to 6.1, XHSAW-TDT returned to 12.1 and Milenio Television in 12.2.

In 2016, Milenio Televisión's open signal increased when it was authorized to be transmitted as part of the multiprogramming of the main channel in the cities of: Torreón, León, Nuevo Laredo, Ciudad Victoria, Tampico and Matamoros.

As a result of the IFT-6 tender, Multimedia won frequencies in Mexico City, Guadalajara, Durango, Ciudad Juarez and Monclova, Milenio Televisión is available at stations in those cities.


Beer Boys and Vodka Girls

Beer Boys and Vodka Girls is a teenage comedy web series. It was developed by Rahul Gupta. Prime Flix App released a web series Beer Boys and Vodka Girls.

The adult comedy web series revolves around the complicated life stories of six characters in total. There are three boys living in the same flat and three girls in another. These young people have much different lifestyles and problems. If the boys discussion focuses mostly on their sexual desire and wild fantasies, girls often talk about office issues, relationships, or bra sizes.


Edmund Beckett, 1st Baron Grimthorpe

Edmund Beckett, 1st Baron Grimthorpe, QC (12 May 1816 – 29 April 1905), known previously as Sir Edmund Beckett, 5th Baronet and Edmund Beckett Denison, was a "lawyer, mechanician and controversialist" as well as a notable horologist and architect.

Wireless broadband

Wireless Internet is often used to connect remote and rural places to the Internet. Technologies such as 4G, satellite, or radio are used to achieve this. This may be because it is too expensive or not possible to run cables to very remote areas.

This is not the same as Wi-Fi, which is wireless access to an Internet connection that is already in a house.

List of The Haunted House (anime) episodes

The Haunted House is a Korean animated television series. The series premiered on July 20, 2016 on Tooniverse.

<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>

Gérard van Opdorp

Gérard M. van Opdorp (16 November 1925 - 3 October 2003) was a Dutch Paralympic archer and wheelchair basketball player.

Van Opdorp became impaired due to the war. He was part of the first Dutch team at the Stoke Mandeville Games in 1952. As an archer he competed at the 1968 Summer Paralympics and 1972 Summer Paralympics, winning a silver medal. He also competed in wheelchair basketball at the Summer Paralympics. 

On 5 August 1963, he married Paralympic swimmer Delphine Ariens Kappers, who won the first ever gold medal at the Paralympic Games in 1960. 

He died in 2003 in Doorn at the age of 77.

UBlock Origin

uBlock Origin ( "you-block") is a free and open-source browser extension for filtering content, including ad blocking. The extension is available for Chrome, Chromium, Edge, Firefox, Opera, Pale Moon, as well as versions of Safari prior to 13. uBlock Origin has received praise from technology websites and is said to use much less memory than other extensions with similar functionality. 

uBlock Origin's purpose is to give people the ability to enforce their own filters for blocking.

uBlock Origin is actively developed and maintained by its creator and lead developer Raymond Hill.

Gert Hekma

Gerhardus "Gert" Hekma (24 September 1951 – 19 April 2022) was a Dutch anthropologist and sociologist. He was known for his research and publications about homosexuality. He taught gay and lesbian studies at the Faculty of Social and Behavioral Sciences of the University of Amsterdam from 1984 to 2017.

Ronald J. Zlatoper

Ronald Joseph Zlatoper (March 21, 1942 – April 21, 2022) was a United States Navy four star admiral. He was Commander in Chief, United States Pacific Fleet (CINCPACFLT) from 1994 to 1996.

Zlatoper died on April 21, 2022 at the age of 80.

Michelle Suárez Bértora

Michelle Suárez Bértora (21 February 1983 – 22 April 2022) was a Uruguayan activist, lawyer, lecturer, politician, and writer. She was Uruguay's first transgender university graduate, first trans lawyer, and first transgender person elected to office. She was a Senator from 2014 until 2017. She was born in Salinas, Uruguay.

She transitioned at the age of 15 with the support of her mother. Suárez went to primary and secondary school in Salinas in 2004. After six years of study, and a legal transition to allow her to graduate with her proper gender. She was the first (and only) trans-woman to become a lawyer in Uruguay. 

She graduated in 2010 from the University of the Republic as the first transgender person to complete university studies in the country. 

In 2014, she also became the first transgender person elected to the Uruguayan legislature.

Suárez Bértora died on 22 April 2022 in Montevideo, Uruguay from a heart attack at the age of 39.

Arno (singer)

Arnold Charles Ernest Hintjens (21 May 1949 – 23 April 2022), better known by his stage name Arno, was a Belgian singer and actor. He was the frontman of TC Matic, one of the best-known Belgian bands of the 1980s. He had a role in "Camping Cosmos" where he played the homosexual lifeguard Harry.

In 2020, Arno was diagnosed with pancreatic cancer. He died from the disease on 23 April 2022 in Brussels, Belgium at the age of 72.

Carmelo Borobia

Joaquin Carmelo Borobia Isasa (16 August 1935 – 23 April 2022) was a Spanish Roman Catholic prelate. He was born in Cortes, Navarre, Spain. He became a priest in 1959. He was auxiliary bishop of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Zaragoza, Spain and as titular bishop of Elo from 1990 to 1996. He then was bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Tarazona, Spain, from 1996 to 2004 and then as auxiliary bishop of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Toledo, Spain and as titular bishop of Rubicon from 1994 until his retirement.

Borobia died on 23 April 2022 in Zaragoza, Spain at the age of 86.

Enoch Kelly Haney

Enoch Kelly Haney (November 12, 1940 – April 23, 2022) was an American Democratic politician and artist. He was principal chief of the Seminole Nation of Oklahoma from 2005 until 2009 and was a member of both houses of the Oklahoma Legislature from 1980 until 2022. He was also a candidate for Governor of Oklahoma in the 2002 election. Haney was born in Seminole, Oklahoma.

Haney died on April 23, 2022 in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma at the age of 81.

Chico Heat

The Chico Heat is the name of two baseball teams that have operated in Chico, California. 
The first was a professional team in the Western Baseball League from 1997 to 2002. The second team was a part of the summer collegiate wood bat league known as the Great West League. It began operations in 2014 and ended in 2018. The team's title sponsor was Golden Valley Bank.

The original Chico Heat were broadcast on KPAY NewsTalk 1290 AM during their entire time. Area broadcaster Rory Miller was the "voice" of the team on the radio for the entire time. Miller also was the broadcaster for the second team on The Edge 101.7 FM. He broadcast with KPAY's Mike Baca.

On January 11, 2019, Heat founder and majority owner Steve Nettleton died at age 79. He had Parkinson's Disease.


Dimpal Kumari Jha

Dimpal Kumari Jha (; 12 July 1979 – 24 April 2022) was a Nepalese politician. She was a member of the Provincial Assembly of Province No. 2. She was nominated as a Proportional representation member to participate in the Provincial Assembly of Province No. 2. She was a member of the Rastriya Janata Party Nepal.

She also was a member of the 2013 Nepalese Constituent Assembly.

Jha died on 24 April 2022 of colon cancer, aged 42.

Josep Massot

Josep Massot i Muntaner (3 November 1941 – 24 April 2022) was a Spanish historian, Roman Catholic monk and philologist.

Massot was a member of the Reial Acadèmia de Bones Lletres de Barcelona, elected in 2002. He won the National Prize for Popular Culture in 1997. Massot was also honored with the Premi d'Honor de les Lletres Catalanes in 2012.

Massot died on 24 April 2022, at the age of 80.

Ursula Lehr

Ursula Lehr (5 June 1930 – 25 April 2022) was a German academic, age researcher and politician. She was federal minister of youth, family, women and health from 1989 to 1990. She was also a member of the Bundestag from 1990 until 1991. Lehr was a member of the Christian Democratic Union. Lehr was born in Frankfurt, Germany.

Lehr died on 25 April 2022 in Bonn, Germany at the age of 91.

Hossein Mollaghasemi

Seyed Hossein Ebrahimian (also Mollaghasemi, , 15 March 1933 – 25 April 2022) was an Iranian wrestler. He won a silver medal at the 1957 World Championships. He then changed to Greco-Roman wrestling and placed fifth-sixth at the world championships in 1961–62. He competed at the 1960 and 1964 Summer Olympics and shared sixth place in 1960. Mollaghasemi was born in Tehran, Iran.

Mollaghasemi died on 25 April 2022 in Amsterdam, Netherlands at the age of 89.

Henny Vrienten

Henny Vrienten (27 July 1948 – 25 April 2022) was a Dutch musician. He was best known as the singer and bassist of the popular 1980s ska pop band Doe Maar. He also composed television and movie scores. Vrienten was born in Hilvarenbeek, Netherlands.

Vrienten died on 25 April 2022 from a short-illness at the age of 73.











Glass Onion: A Knives Out Mystery

Glass Onion: A Knives Out Mystery is a 2022 American mystery movie written and directed by Rian Johnson. It is produced by Johnson and Ram Bergman for T-Street Productions. It is a sequel to "Knives Out" (2019). 

Daniel Craig plays his role as Benoit Blanc, a detective taking on a new murder case. The movie also stars Dave Bautista, Edward Norton, Janelle Monáe, Kathryn Hahn, Leslie Odom Jr., Kate Hudson, Madelyn Cline, Jessica Henwick, and Ethan Hawke.

"Glass Onion" had its world premiere at the Toronto International Film Festival on September 10, 2022, and is scheduled to have a one-week limited theatrical release on November 23, 2022, before its streaming release on December 23, 2022 by Netflix. It received positive reviews from critics.

Deidre Downs

Deidre Downs Gunn (born July 7, 1980) is former Miss America winner and fertility specialist. Deidre Downs Gunn is a UAB obstetrician-gynecologist and a Chief resident physician at Alabama Medical center. Deidre Downs Gunn was Miss America in 2005, and Miss Alabama in 2004. is the first title winner who is in a same sex marriage.Her and her now wife met back in 2017 and in 2021 had their first baby together. During the pregnancy, Deidre preformed IVF transfers on her wife Abbott downs.

Geological history of Earth

Earth's geological history is a period of time since the Earth's formation to the present day. It is divided into eons, eras and periods. These periods of time are usually determined via rocks or rock layers.

Islamic City Council of Mashhad

The Islamic City Council of Mashhad () is the council for the city of Mashhad.

School of the Air

In some places, very few children are in a large area. These people usually live far apart. If there are settlements, they are also far apart. In most places of the world, children of a certain age need to go to school. School of the Air is a phrase which describes children being taught using radio, or other technologies. The children do not need to travel, they stay at home. The phrase was first used for a kind of distance learning, which is targeted at chldren going to primary or secondary schools. It was first used in remote areas of Australia, especially the outback. In these areas, people live too far apart, and there are too few school-age children to run a normal school in a village.

Around 1929, Alfred Traeger invented a radio that could be run by human power, it was called the pedal radio. With Adelaide Miethke, who was a teacher, they made up a programme for schools, which also used the radio communication services of the Royal Flying Doctor Service. These were important milestones that helped develop the School of the Air.

The first School of the Air lessons were officially sent from the Royal Flying Doctor Service in Alice Springs on 8 June 1951. The service celebrated its 50th jubilee on 9 May 2001, ahead of the real jubilee on 8 June; and its 70th year on 8 June 2021. Each state of Australia that uses this means of training has well-documented checks and overviews of the service.

There are School of the Air programmes in all states except Tasmania.

School classes were conducted via shortwave radio from 2003 until 2009. After 2009, most schools switched to wireless internet technologies: The lessons include live one-way video feeds and clear two-way audio.

Each student has direct contact with a teacher in an inland town such as Broken Hill, Alice Springs or Meekatharra. Each student typically spends one hour per day receiving group or individual lessons from the teacher. The rest of the day, the students spend working through the assigned materials with a parent, older sibling or a hired home-stay tutor.

Originally the students got their course materials and returned their written work and projects to their hub centre using either the Royal Flying Doctor Service or post office services. However the extension of Internet services into the outback now allows for more rapid review of each child's homework.

The children using this kind of training are living far away from other people. Very often, the School of the Air is their first chance to get to know other children who are not part of their family. Three or four times a year, the children travel to the school, where they spend a week with their teacher and classmates.

Studies have shown that in most cases, this kind of schooling has the same quality as traditional methods of schooling; in some cases it was even better than the traditional methods.

In 2009 as part of the Q150 celebrations, the School of the Air was announced as one of the Q150 Icons of Queensland for its role as an iconic "innovation and invention".

Schools of the Air operate from:







Ronald R. Van Stockum

Ronald Reginald Van Stockum (July 8, 1916 – April 24, 2022) was a United States Marine Corps brigadier general. He took part in Bougainville, Guam and Iwo Jima campaigns. He was director, Marine Corps Reserve and later as commanding general, Fleet Marine Force, Pacific (Forward) on Okinawa during the Vietnam War.

Van Stockum turned 100 in July 2016. He died in Shelby County, Kentucky on April 24, 2022, at the age of 105.

Scinax altae

Scinax altae is a frog that lives in Panama. Scientists have seen it as high as 700 meters above sea level.

Hviezdoslavovo námestie (Bratislava)

Hviezdoslavovo námestie () is a town square in Bratislava, Slovakia.

Robert Golob

Robert Golob (born 23 January 1967) is a Slovenian businessman and politician who is the Prime Minister of Slovenia since 2022. Before becoming a politician, he was an environmental businessman and co-founded GEN-I.

Golob went to University of Ljubljana in 1994. After his studies, he was a post-doctoral Fulbright scholar in the United States at the Georgia Institute of Technology in Atlanta.

In 2004, Golob co-founded an energy trading company GEN-I, where he was chairman until 2021.

Between May 1999 and June 2000, Golob was the State Secretary at the Ministry of Economic Affairs. In 2002, he was elected to the City Council of Nova Gorica.

In January 2022, he ran for the president of a non-parliamentary green party Z.Dej. The party won the most votes and seats of any party in the 2022 parliamentary election in April. Two months later on 1 June 2022, he became the Prime Minister.

Ken Paxton

Warren Kenneth Paxton Jr. (born December 23, 1962) is an American lawyer and politician. He is the Attorney General of Texas since January 2015. He was Texas State Senator for the 8th district and the Texas State Representative for the 70th district. 

Paxton has been under indictment since 2015 on state securities fraud charges. He has pleaded not guilty. In October 2020, many public officials accused him of bribery.

After Joe Biden won the 2020 presidential election and Donald Trump did not accept losing while making false claims of election fraud, Paxton help Trump in his efforts to overturn the result. He filled the unsuccessful "Texas v. Pennsylvania" case in the Supreme Court. He spoke at the rally Trump held on January 6, 2021, that happened shortly before the 2021 United States Capitol attack.

Ferdinand III of Habsburg

Ferdinand III (baptised as Ferdinand Ernest; 13 July 1608 in Graz – 2 April 1657 in Vienna) was Archduke of Austria from 1621, King of Hungary from 1625, King of Croatia and Bohemia from 1627 and Holy Roman Emperor from 1637 to 1657.

Ferdinand was born in Graz and grew up in Carinthia, he is the third son of Emperor Ferdinand II of Habsburg. He received education and training from the Jesuits. After the deaths of his brothers Karl (1603) and Johann Karl (1619), he became the successor of his father.

Attempts to overturn the 2020 United States presidential election

The attempts to overturn the 2020 United States presidential election was a political scheme made by then President Donald Trump, who lost the 2020 U.S. presidential election to his Democratic opponent Joe Biden, the former U.S. vice president. 

Trump did not accept his defeat and claimed the election was rigged and had voter fraud. This was an effort to overturn the election, with support and assistance from his campaign, proxies, political allies, and many of his supporters. 

Many unsuccessful lawsuits were filed to change the election results in Pennsylvania, Georgia, Nevada, Arizona, Wisconsin and Michigan. Efforts to change the election results caused the 2021 United States Capitol attack, which was widely described as an attempted coup d'état.

Trump and his allies called the election a "big lie" based on false claims and conspiracy theories claiming that the election was stolen by rigged voting machines, electoral fraud and an international communist conspiracy. Trump, The Proud Boys and QAnon spread fake information on social media saying the election was rigged and stolen.

These allegations were not proven and were tossed out by many state and federal judges, election officials, governors, and government agencies. On December 1, 2020, U.S. Attorney General William Barr said U.S. attorneys and FBI agents had investigated complaints and allegations of fraud, but found none of significance. Director of National Intelligence John Ratcliffe said no evidence had been found of other countries trying to hack the election. Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency Director Chris Krebs called the election "the most secure in American history", which caused Trump to fire him. Trump attorney Joseph diGenova wanted Krebs to be executed.

Many elected Republicans, including members of Congress and governors, did not want to say that Biden won the election fairly. Many of Trump's supporters would protest the election results by chanting "Stop the Steal". Emily Murphy, the administrator of the General Services Administration, delayed the start of the presidential transition until sixteen days after most media outlets had called Biden the winner. Former Trump National Security Advisor Michael Flynn wanted Trump to suspend the United States Constitution, force martial law, silence the press, and hold a new election under military supervision.

A small group of Trump supporters, including Trump's chief of staff, Mark Meadows and several Republican lawmakers from the House Freedom Caucus, tried to keep Trump in power. They wanted state legislatures to force a Trump win and change the electoral vote certification at the Capitol for favor Trump. Trump and his allies wanted state officials to throw out legally cast ballots, challenge vote-certification processes, and overturn certified election results. In an early January 2021 phone call, he wanted the Georgia secretary of state to "find" the 11,780 votes needed to win his victory in the state. He also wanted Georgia Governor Brian Kemp to create a special session of the legislature to overturn Biden's certified victory in the state. He wanted the Pennsylvania state government to do the same. Trump asked 300 Republican state legislators to look for ways to reverse the election results in their states.

Trump wanted Justice Department leaders to challenge the election results and publicly state the election was corrupt. His legal team wanted a path to bring a case before the United States Supreme Court, but none of the 63 lawsuits they filed were successful. Many of these lawyers hoped that the "Texas v. Pennsylvania" would work, but on December 11, 2020, the Supreme Court said they would not hear that case.

After the failure of "Texas", Trump thought about a military intervention, taking voting machines and another appeal to the Supreme Court, as well as challenging the congressional counting of the electoral votes on January 6, 2021.

By December 30, 2020, many Republican members of the House and Senate said they would try to force both chambers to debate whether to certify the Electoral College results. Mike Pence, who as vice president would be in charge over the proceedings. He supported this by saying on January 4, "I promise you, come this Wednesday, we will have our day in Congress." Trump and some supporters promoted a false "Pence card" theory that, even if Congress were to certify the results, the vice president would have the power to reject them.

On the day of the electoral certification, supporters of Trump, attacked the United States Capitol to try to overturn the election, with some calling it an attempted coup d'état. One week later, Trump was impeached a second time for incitement of insurrection but was acquitted by the Senate. Depending on the findings of the House Select Committee on the January 6 Attack, which is expected to release its report in 2022, the U.S. Department of Justice may decide to investigate whether Trump committed a crime.

After the vote certification, some Republicans changed their opinion to say Biden won the election. However, some continued to support Trump's claims. , Trump has publicly continued to insist that the election was stolen. Although Trump has said he lost the election to a group of historians in , saying, "We had a deal all set [until the election was lost and] the deal went away." Trump supporters continue attempts to overturn the results, pushing for state legislature resolutions and new lawsuits.

Snout-vent length

Snout–vent length (SVL) is the length of an animal's body. It is measured from the tip of its snout to its rear end. The snout is the part of the face at the front. Snout-vent length does not count the tail or any teeth or tusks.

So, in a frog, it is the length of the frog's body but not the frog's legs. For turtles, scientists use carapace length (CL, the length of the shell) and plastral length (PL) instead.

The SVL can change depending on whether the animal is alive, dead, moving, or still. It can change if scientists have used chemicals to stop its dead body from rotting. Scientists also use snout-vent length on fossils. With fossils, they use osteological correlate, which is a way the bone can match the rest of the body. Precaudal length is one osteological correlate. A scientist can look at the animal's SVL, weight, and body and may be able to tell if it is male or female or how old it is.

Scientists use snout-vent length instead of the animal's whole body length because it does not change much. In some animals, young ones do not have tails or do not have large tails.

The scientist or other person can measure snout-vent length with dial calipers or digital calipers.

The scientist can use other tools to hold the animal still. For example, snake tubes, "Mander Mashers," or a "Salamander Stick."

The term is useful for mammals. It's not so useful for animals where the tail is an important part of the body. For example, fish have tails that are parts of their bodies. But horses and elephants use their tails to hit flies but not much else. Dinosaurs that walk on two legs are a good example too. It took a long time for dinosaur scientists to understand this. Snake tails go far past their vent. 


United States House Select Committee on the January 6 Attack

The U.S. House Select Committee to Investigate the January 6th Attack on the United States Capitol is a select committee of the U.S. House of Representatives to investigate the attack on the U.S. Capitol on January 6, 2021. The attack, inspired by President Donald Trump's false claim of a stolen election, was an attempt to overturn the 2020 election results, in which Trump lost to Democrat Joe Biden.

The committee was formed through a party-line vote on July 1, 2021 with Democrats supporting it and a majority of Republicans going against it. Liz Cheney and Adam Kinzinger were the only two House Republicans to be on the committee, and the Republican National Committee eventually censured them for their participation.

The investigation started with public hearings on July 27, when four police officers testified. By March 2022, the committee had interviewed nearly 700 people. Steve Bannon, Mark Meadows, Peter Navarro, and Dan Scavino have been held in criminal contempt of Congress for refusing to testify; Bannon was indicted by a federal grand jury. Other members of Trump's inner circle are working with the committee.

The committee has argued that Trump knew he did not win the election and was committing fraud, and it may recommend that the U.S. Department of Justice open a criminal investigation into Trump's responsibility for the attack on the Capitol. However, the Justice Department already has its own inquiries and investigations, the committee may instead focus on creating its final report.

South Wilts Grammar School

South Wilts Grammar School and formerly was South Wilts Grammar School for Girls, is a Grammar school in Salisbury, south Wiltshire, for pupils aged between 11 to 18 it's Established in 1927, the school converted to an academy in 2011.

Texas v. Pennsylvania

Texas v. Pennsylvania, 592 U.S. ___ (2020), was a lawsuit filed at the United States Supreme Court saying that the 2020 presidential election in certain states were rigged and that Joe Biden did not beat President Donald Trump. This was one of the many attempts by Trump to overturn the election results.

The case was filed by Texas State Attorney General Ken Paxton on December 8, 2020. "Texas v. Pennsylvania" said that Georgia, Michigan, Pennsylvania, and Wisconsin violated the United States Constitution by changing election rules through non-legislative means. Three days later, the United States Supreme Court said they will not hear the case thus ending the lawsuit.

This case was filed by Trump supporters to stop the certified vote count from these four states before the Electoral College vote on December 14. The suit was filed after about 90 lawsuits from disputes over the election results filed by Trump and the Republican Party had failed in many state and federal courts.

The suit had been created by a team of lawyers with ties to the Trump presidential campaign. Paxton agreed to file the case after other state attorneys general declined to do so. The Solicitor General of Texas Kyle D. Hawkins did not support the suit and refused to let his name be added.

Within one day of Texas's filing, Trump, over 100 Republican Representatives, and 18 Republican state attorneys general filed motions to support the case. Trump called this case as "the big one" of the election-challenging lawsuits. Many who were against this case urged the Court to refuse the case, with Pennsylvania's brief calling it a "seditious abuse of the judicial process". Many legal experts did not believe this case would be successful to Trump.

The Supreme Court said on December 11, 2020 that they would not hear the case because there was no "legal standing" to challenge the results of the election held by another state.

Big lie

The big lie () is a lie of the truth, used as a propaganda technique. The German expression was created by Adolf Hitler, when he wrote his 1925 book "Mein Kampf", to describe the use of a lie so big that no one would believe it. 

Voting machine

A voting machine is a machine used to record votes without paper. The first voting machines were mechanical but it is increasingly more common to use electronic voting machines. Voting machines should not be confused with tabulating machines, which count votes done by paper ballot.

Bogor

Bogor (, ) is a city in West Java, Indonesia. It is south of Jakarta, the capital of Indonesia. More than 1 million people live in it. 

Bogor was the capital of the Sunda Kingdom. It was called or . It was also the summer residence of the Governor-General of the Dutch East Indies.

Because it often rains in Bogor, the city is called (English: "Rain City")

Oldsmobile Toronado

The Oldsmobile Toronado is a Personal luxury vehicle manufactured and sold by Oldsmobile, over three generations between 1966 and 1992, historically the first Front-wheel drive vehicle in the US since Cord's demise in 1937.

In 1966, due to its design, it would gain publicity from the division and win the Motor Trend's Award for Car of the Year.


Buffy Sainte-Marie

Buffy Sainte-Marie, (born Beverly Jean Santamaria; February 20, 1941) is an American singer-songwriter, musician, and social activist. Her best known songs were "Universal Soldier", "Until It's Time for You to Go", "Now That the Buffalo's Gone", and her covers of Mickey Newbury's "Mister Can't You See" and Joni Mitchell's "The Circle Game".

Her song "Up Where We Belong" won both the Academy Award for Best Original Song at the 55th Academy Awards and the Golden Globe for Best Original Song.

Remembrance poppy

The remembrance poppy is an artificial flower worn in some countries to honor their military personnel who died in war. Veterans' associations give out poppies for charitable donations used to give financial, social and emotional support to members and veterans of the armed forces.

They were inspired by the war poem "In Flanders Fields". They were first used near the end of World War I to honor British Empire and United States military deaths of the war.

Ioana Ciută

Ioana Ciută is a Romanian environmental activist and journalist. She lives in Bucharest. She works as the Energy Campaigns Coordinator of the CEE Bankwatch Network. It is a global network operating in Central and Eastern Europe. It is one of the largest networks of environmental NGOs in that country.

Ciută joined Bankwatch in 2014 as coordinator of the "Balkan Without Coal" campaign. It was preventing the construction of new coal mines in the Western Balkans. Ciută covered nuclear energy development in Romania and Bulgaria. It was before joining Bankwatch. She followed international negotiations on global warming. She holds a degree in journalism. However, her environmental activism long preceded her journalistic work.

Ioana Ciută builds a close relationship with her groups of members as well as project partners from different countries including Serbia, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Montenegro and Macedonia. She supported them to the national campaigns. Besides, she also supported them for stricter environmental regional policies.


RCN Televisión

RCN Televisión, also known as Canal RCN (Radio Cadena Nacional) is a Colombian television network, which began operations on March 23, 1967, is known for having broadcast "Yo soy Betty, la fea". one of the most successful Colombian telenovelas.


Josefa Tauli

| years_active = 2018-present
| agent = 
Josefa Cariño Tauli (Sefa Tauli) is a Filipino indigenous people's rights activist. She is
an Ibaloi-Kankanaey Igorot indigenous youth from the Cordillera, Philippines. She is policy co-coordinator and a member of the Steering Committee of the Global Youth Biodiversity Network (GYBN). The network is the international coordination platform for youth participation in the UN Convention on Biological Diversity (CBD).

Josefa Cariño Tauli is an advocate for meaningful youth participation and indigenous peoples' rights. Since 2018, she has contributed to the Global Youth Biodiversity Network's participation in global biodiversity policy processes, such as the development of the post-2020 Global Biodiversity Framework. She is also an honorary member of the ICCA Consortium, an international association dedicated to promoting the appropriate recognition of and support for territories and areas conserved by indigenous peoples and local communities.

In the year 2020, Josefa Tauli was part of the Fall 2020 Cohort of National Geographic Young Explorers.


Raising Arizona

Raising Arizona is a 1987 American black comedy crime movie directed by Coen brothers. It stars Nicolas Cage, Holly Hunter, Trey Wilson, William Forsythe, John Goodman, Sam McMurray, Frances McDormand, Randall "Tex" Cobb and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Under Fire (1983 movie)

Under Fire is a 1983 American Mexican thriller movie directed by Roger Spottiswoode and starring Nick Nolte, Gene Hackman, Joanna Cassidy, Ed Harris, Richard Masur, Hamilton Camp, René Enríquez. It was distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.


Scinax garbei

The Eirunepe snouted tree frog ("Scinax garbei") is a frog that lives in Venezuela, Bolivia, Colombia, Ecuador, Peru, and Brazil. Scientists have seen it as high as 700 meters above sea level.

The adult male frog is 42 to 46 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is 48 mm. They are brown or light brown with darker brown marks on the back. They have green color on parts of their legs. They belly is white.

This frog lives in trees and looks for food at night.

Pluto's Christmas Tree

Pluto's Christmas Tree is a 1952 Mickey Mouse cartoon in which Pluto and Mickey cut down a Christmas tree that Chip n' Dale live in. It was the 125th short in the "Mickey Mouse" movie series to be released, and the second for that year. 






Boat Builders (movie)

Boat Builders is an animated short movie produced by Walt Disney. It was released on February 25, 1938. The film was directed by Ben Sharpsteen and animated by Frenchy de Trémaudan, Louie Schmittt, Chuck Couch, Eddie Strickland, Clyde Geronimi, Paul Satterfield, Archie Robin, Don Patterson. It was the 99th short in the "Mickey Mouse" film series to be released, and the first for that year.





Brewster's Millions (1921 movie)

Brewster's Millions is a 1921 American comedy movie directed by Joseph Henabery and is the second adaption of the 1902 novel of the same name by George Barr McCutcheon and the 1906 play of the same name. It stars Roscoe 'Fatty' Arbuckle, Betty Ross Clarke, Fred Huntley, Marian Skinner, James Corrigan, Jean Acker, Neely Edwards and was distributed by Paramount Pictures. It is a lost movie.

NTN24

NTN24 (acronym for Nuestra Tele Noticias 24) is a Colombian free-to-air (only on digital terrestrial television) and cable television news channel, owned by Grupo RCN and operated by RCN Televisión.

NTN24 was launched on 3 November 2008 with journalist Claudia Gurisatti appointed as the channel's first editorial director. Its main headquarters are in Bogotá, Colombia.


Mask of Desire

Mask of Desire (; "Mukundo") is a 2000 Nepalese Japanese drama movie directed by Tsering Rhitar Sherpa and starring Mithila Sharma, Gauri Malla, Ratan Subedi.

Mason Ramsey

Mason Ramsey (born c. 2006 or 2007) is an American singer and guitarist. He became known for singing Lovesick Blues in a Walmart in Golconda, Illinois on March 24, 2018. He released his debut single in 2018 titled "Famous".

In 2019, he announced he was going on a break from singing. He now plays basketball under the name Mason Blake.

In 2022, Ramsey revealed he is working at a Subway.

Joannah Stutchbury

Joannah Stutchbury was a Kenyan land and environmental rights defender (LED) activist. She was the one of the leading conservationists of the environment of Kenyan forests. She was remembered for her dedicated efforts to protect Kiambu forest from encroachment. She helped a lot to the Kenya Forest Service during her lifetime. She raised her voice against the destruction of the Kiambu forests. She was shot multiple times and was killed on 15 July 2021. She died at the age of 67. Joannah was the great-niece of .

Joannah Stutchbury was campaigning against the developer businessmen encroaching on the Kiambu Forest near Nairobi. She had spoken out against land-grabbers and famous private developers. In 2018, she hit the headlines when she single-handedly confronted those developers. The developers were felling trees in the Kiambu Forests. Due to her intense activism, Stutchbury was threatened to be killed many times. However, she received no protection from police. She was told by unknown people that they would kill her if she continued intervening and destroying their plans. They warned her not to stop them in constructing a roadway through the forest.

On 15 July 2021, Joannah Stutchbury was shot dead near her home in Kenya, because of her campaign against the development of wetlands in a national park. On the day of the incident, she stopped her car to clear branches blocking her driveway. Then, suddenly, she was shot several times. Later, her neighbours found her body in her car. Her car engine was still running. Surprisingly, her valuables were still in the vehicle. From that, it was confirmed that the attack was not a robbery. Stutchbury had raised her voice against the local businessmen, against the encroachment and building up of structures on the nearby Kiambu Forest. Before the incident, she had received multiple death threats, but nevertheless continued to stand for the environment until her death.
According to a report from "Permaculture", Joannah Stutchbury was shot four times during her murder. The World Forest Organisation petitioned to the President of Kenya, to protect an area of the forest at national level, in honour of Joannah.


Stavropol Krai

Stavropol Krai (Russian: Ставропо́льский край) is a federal subject (a krai) of Russia. It is in the North Caucasus region in Southern Russia, and is part of the North Caucasian Federal District. Stavropol Krai has a population of 2,786,281. The administrative center is the city of Stavropol.

Russian America

Russian America (), was a colonial possession of the Russian Empire in North America between 1799 and 1867, in the current State of Alaska, also included some fortifications, such as Fort Ross in California and four other forts (including Russian Fort Elizabeth) located in Hawaii, its capital would be Novo-Arkhangelsk (current Sitka), this colony would be monopolized by the Russian-American Company and the arrival of the Russian Orthodox Church. 

This territory prospered due to the fur trade even though it would decline due to logistical difficulties and many settlements would be abandoned in the 1860s, it was finally sold to the United States in 1867 for $7.2 Millions ($120 Millions today)


Lipaksaïs, Arpaksaïs and Kolaksaïs

In Greek mythology, Lipaksaïs, Arpaksaïs and Kolaksaïs are the three mythical kings of the Scythians. Their names indicate a tripartite division of Scythian mythology, a feature which is also seen in Turkic mythology in the agricultural context of the Oghuz progenitor. Herodotus writes that during their reign one day four golden objects fell from the sky, a plow, a yoke, an axe and a bowl. 

Sandra Liliana Peña Chocué

| years_active = 
Sandra Liliana Peña Chocué (1985-2021) was a Colombian indigenous people rights activist and defender. 

She was the authority of the Nasa people (Paez people) of Colombia. She was the governor of the indigenous reserve “La Laguna-Siberia SAT Tama kiwe” in Cauca. Being a community leader at a very young age, she was appointed the Education Programme Policy Coordinator of the Reserve. While serving as the governor, she cleared up the reserve from the illegal crops.

On 20 April 2021, Sandra Liliana Peña Chocué was shot dead by 4 unknown men. These unknown men forcibly kidnapped her from her home in the indigenous reserve of “La Laguna-Siberia” in Caldono, Cauca. Later, they brought her somewhere and killed her.

Sandra Liliana Peña Chocué worked for the protection of the autonomy and the ancestral culture of the Nasa Indigenous Peoples in Colombia. She worked for the recognition of the role of women in the indigenous reserve. She protected the territory by facing dead threats and pressures from armed forces. The powerful people wanted to expand the illegal crops, illegal mining and actions that impacted Nasa collective and territorial rights and culture. She dedicated herself to create peace in the Nasa people's territories. She was upholding the rights of the indigenous peoples.

On 20 April 2021, Sandra Liliana Peña Chocué was preparing for a meeting with officials from the Colombian government in the city of Popayán. It was when her home was broken into by the gangs. Then, she was attacked by the 4 unknown men holding weapons. According to a report from the "Regional Indigenous Council of Cauca" (CRIC), before she was killed, she had spoken out against the increase in the cultivation of illegal crops in the reserved place. As a result of her speech, she was threatened by the illegal groups. Those groups exercised control over the territory of the Department of Cauca. She even reported about the threats to the authorities.


Peter Tobin

Peter Britton Tobin (born 27 August 1946 died 8 October 2022) is a Scottish convicted serial killer and sex offender. He is serving a life sentence at HM Prison Edinburgh for three murders committed between 1991 and 2006. Police believe Tobin is responsible for other deaths of young women and girls.

In January 2022, Tobin was hospitalised after collapsing, but was returned to prison after less than two days. He was taken to hospital again in March 2022, before being released two days later.

White-throated needletail

The white-throated needletail ("Hirundapus caudacutus"), also known as needle-tailed swift or spine-tailed swift, is a large swift in the genus Hirundapus. It can reach speeds of up to 170 km/h (105 mph) in flight.

They build their nests in rock areas in cliffs or hollow trees. They do not like to sit on the ground and spend most of their time in the air. They feed on small, flying insects like beetles, flies, bees and moths.

Freddy Hall

Frederick Michael George Hall (3 March 1985 – 24 April 2022) was a Bermudian professional footballer. He played as a goalkeeper. He made ten appearances for the Bermuda national football team between 2011 and 2015.

On 24 April 2022, Hall was killed in a car crash in St. George's, Bermuda at the age of 37.

Günter Guillaume

Günter Guillaume (1 February 1927 – 10 April 1995) was a German spy. His job was to get information as an agent for East Germany's secret service, the Stasi, in West Germany. Guillaume became West German chancellor Willy Brandt's secretary, and his discovery as a spy in 1973 led to Brandt's resignation as chancellor in what became known as the Guillaume affair.

Willa Cather

Willa Sibert Cather (; born Wilella Sibert Cather; December 7, 1873 – April 24, 1947) was an American writer. She was known for her novels of life on the Great Plains. Her best known works were "O Pioneers!", "The Song of the Lark", and "My Ántonia". In 1923, she was awarded the Pulitzer Prize for "One of Ours".

Many people believed Cather was a lesbian.

Cather, who had terminal breast cancer, died in New York City on April 24, 1947 from a cerebral hemorrhage, aged 73.



Gore, Virginia

Gore is an unincorporated community in western Frederick County, Virginia, United States. It is west of Winchester. It has been called "Back Creek".

Nicktoons MLB

Nicktoons MLB is a baseball game for Xbox 360, Wii, Nintendo DS, and Nintendo 3DS.

SiriusXM Hits 1

Sirius XM Hits 1 is a Top 40 radio station on Sirius XM Radio channel 2 and Dish Network channels 6002 and 099-02 (099-02 is only for Hopper users). Like most Sirius XM stations, it plays no commercials. The channel was formerly known as US-1 until 2004. The name is a take-off of VH1, whose name was originally an abbreviation of "Video Hits 1". Vh1 Satellite Radio once existed on XM but the channel was discontinued prior to the merger.

KDWB-FM

KDWB-FM (101.3 FM) is an American commercial radio station broadcasting in the Twin Cities region of Minnesota, licensed to suburban Richfield. KDWB's radio format is Top 40/CHR. Its transmitter is located in Shoreview, while its studios are in St. Louis Park. The station is owned by iHeartMedia.

Old Town, Bratislava

Staré Mesto () is the historic centre and one of the boroughs of Bratislava, the capital city of Slovakia. 

Martin Luther King III

Martin Luther King III (born October 23, 1957) is an American human rights activist and philanthropist. He is the oldest son and oldest living child of civil rights leaders Martin Luther King Jr. and Coretta Scott King.

King was the 4th President of the Southern Christian Leadership Conference from 1997 to 2004.

Golden angle

In Geometry, the golden angle is the smaller of the two angles created by sectioning the circumference of a circle according to the golden ratio into two arcs.

according to algebra, let "a+b" be the circumference of a circle, divided into a longer arc of length "a" and a smaller arc of length "b" such that:

The golden angle is then the angle subtended by the smaller arc of length "b".

Wendy Rogers (politician)

Wendy Rogers (born July 24, 1954) is an American far-right politician. She is a member of the Arizona State Senate from the 6th legislative district since 2021. 

She is a supporter of Donald Trump.

Since her election, Rogers has been a controversial person, supporting white nationalists and appearing on TruNews. Rogers is a member of the Oath Keepers, an anti-government militia whose members took part in the 2021 U.S. Capitol attack. 

In March 2022, the Republican-controlled Arizona Senate censured her.

Christopher Luxon

Christopher Mark Luxon (born 19 July 1970) is a New Zealand politician and businessman. He is the Prime Minister of New Zealand since 27 November 2023. He is the leader of the New Zealand National Party since 2021. He has been the Member of Parliament (MP) for the Botany electorate since 2020. He was the chief executive officer of Air New Zealand from 2012 to 2019.

Debbie Ngarewa-Packer

Debbie Anne Ngarewa-Packer is a New Zealand politician. She is a Member of Parliament and co-leader of the Māori Party, and is the leader and chief executive of the Ngāti Ruanui iwi.

Karen (slang)

Karen is a disparaging term for a white woman who is seen as entitled, privileged, or wanting something that is beyond normal. The term is often seen in memes about white women who some say use their white privilege to get something their own way. 

Stereotypes used by ‘Karens’ are wanting to “speak to the manager“, being racist, or having a bob cut hairstyle. 

The term has been seen as ageist, sexist, racist, classist, misogynistic and seeking to control women’s behavior. As of 2020, the term appeared largely in media and social media as a criticism of middle class white women, especially during the COVID-19 pandemic and Black Lives Matter protests.

Bob cut

A bob cut, also known as a bob, is a short to medium length haircut, in which the hair is usually cut straight around the head at about where the jaw is, but no longer than shoulder-length. It usually has bangs at the front. The standard bob cut shows the back of the neck and keeps all of the hair above the shoulders.

Hairdressers in the 1920s, whose training was mainly in arranging and curling long hair, did not realize that short hairstyles for women had become popular, and many barbers in many cities found lines of women outside their shops, waiting to have short bob cuts.

Danai Gurira

Danai Jekesai Gurira (; born February 14, 1978) is an American actress and playwright. She is best known for her starring roles as Michonne on the AMC horror drama series "The Walking Dead" (2012–2020) and as Okoye in the Marvel Cinematic Universe superhero movies. She also wrote the Broadway play "Eclipsed", for which she was nominated for a Tony Award for Best Play. Gurira has won three Saturn Awards during her career.

Gurira identifies as a Zimbabwean-American. She speaks four languages: French, Shona, basic Xhosa, and English.

Taihoku Imperial University

Taihoku Imperial University is a university in Taipei. It was founded on March 16, 1928. At the time Japan controlled Taiwan. It was renamed National Taiwan University (NTU). After Japan lost the war, the Republic of China took over and made part of it the National Chung Hsing University.

Funland, Rehoboth Beach

Funland (Rehoboth Beach) is a family owned amusement park in Rehoboth Beach, Delaware. It has 19 rides. There are also family style games and an arcade. The park is off the Rehoboth Beach boardwalk. It opened in 1939 as The Rehoboth Beach Sports Center. It was purchased by the Faschnacht family in 1962., They changed the name to Funland. In 2023, it is owned and run by the Faschnacht family. Funland has some rides that were there when it was purchased. The two oldest rides are The Boats and The Fire Engines. Both of them were likely opened in 1946 or 1947. The park is known for its cheaply priced tickets and its Haunted Mansion ride. It is the only amusement park in the state of Delaware. Funland opened for its 61st season on May 7, 2022.

Before the name was changed to Funland in 1962, the park was known as The Rehoboth Beach Sports Center. It was owned by the Dentino family. On March 6, 1962, nine days before the sale was final, the Ash Wednesday Storm of 1962 started. The storm lasted three days. The Rehoboth Beach Sports Center was one of the few business that were not destroyed by the storm. It was damaged but the Faschnacht family decided they still wanted buy it. Funland gets between 250,000 and 350,000 visitors each year.

Funland has 19 rides. It also has a play area for children. Five of the nineteen rides were there when Funland was bought. These rides are the Merry Go Round, Boats, Fire Engines, Sky Fighters, and Helicopters.<ref name=":42">

Scinax dolloi

Werner's Brazilian tree frog ("Scinax dolloi") is a frog that lives in Brazil. Scientists have seen it in exactly one place, in the Mantiqueira Range.

Back Home and Broke

Back Home and Broke is a 1922 American silent comedy movie directed by Alfred E. Green and starring Thomas Meighan, Lila Lee, Frederick Burton, Cyril Ring, Larry Wheat, Eddie Borden, Maude Turner Gordon. It was distributed by Paramount Pictures and is a lost movie.


Ebb Tide (1922 movie)

Ebb Tide is a 1922 American silent adventure movie directed by George Melford and is the adaption of the 1894 novel of the same name by Robert Louis Stevenson. It stars Lila Lee, James Kirkwood, Raymond Hatton, George Fawcett, Noah Beery, Jacqueline Logan and was distributed by Paramount Pictures. It is a lost movie.


Sonia Manzano

Sonia Manzano (born 1950) is an American actress, best known for playing Maria in "Sesame Street".

Zeteny Jano

Zeteny Jano (born 13 March 2005) is an Austrian professional footballer. He plays as midfielder for Austrian Second League club Liefering. He also plays for the FC Salzburg squad in the UEFA Youth League 2021-22 and the U18 team of the Red Bull Academy.
He started in Hungary with Soproni VSE and SC Sopron. 2018 he went to SC Lichtenwörth and in the same year to the Red Bull Salzburg Academy where he played in all three teams.

In February 2022 he debuted for FC Liefering when he came in for Luka Reischl in minute 74 versus SKN St. Pölten. He also played five matches for FC Salzburg U19 in the UEFA Youth League 2021-22. In July 2023 he received a contract with Red Bull Salzburg until 2027. He stayed with the farm team.

Jano made his debut in September 2021 against Denmark for the Austrian U-17 team. In September 2022 he made his debut versus Sweden for the U-18 team.

Senyera

The Senyera is a vexillological symbol based on the coat of arms of the Crown of Aragon. This coat of arms is usually called "bars of Aragon."

Marcell Berki

Marcell Berki (born 14 June 2004) is a Hungarian professional footballer. He plays as forward for Austrian Second League club Liefering. He also plays for the FC Salzburg squad in the UEFA Youth League 2021-22 and the U18 team of the Red Bull Academy.
He started in Hungary with Videoton FC. 2019 he went to the Red Bull Salzburg Academy where he played in all three teams.

In February 2022 he debuted for FC Liefering when he came in for Oumar Diakité in minute 74 versus SKN St. Pölten. He also played three matches for FC Salzburg U19 in the UEFA Youth League 2021-22 season.

In July 2022 he received a professional contract with Red Bull Salzburg that ran until June 2026. 
He played for the Hungarian U16 team.

Aida Quilcué

| years_active = 
| agent = 
| notable_works = 
Aída Marina Quilcué Vivas (born in Páez , Cauca) is a Colombian politician, indigenous leader and social leader of the Nasa people. She belongs to the "Regional Indigenous Council of Cauca" (CRIC). She had been a UNESCO human rights and peace advisor. In 2022, she was elected to be the Senate of the "Republic by the Special Indigenous Constituency". Her party, the Alternative Indigenous and Social Movement (MAIS), was given assurance.

In the 1990s, she was a health promoter for the Cauca Indigenous Association (AIC).
In 2000, she was coordinator of the health program at the AIC and at the Regional Indigenous Council of Huila (CRIHU).

Between 2003 and 2009, she was appointed Senior Counselor of the Regional Indigenous Council of Cauca (CRIC). She was one of the organizers of the 2008 Indigenous Minga. In the event, thousands of indigenous people marched to the city of Bogotá in protest. Her husband, Edwin Legarda, died on December 16 in a hospital in Popayán after receiving three rifle shots. Her husband was fired by soldiers on the highway connecting Inzá with Totoró, in the department of Cauca . During the trial and in the following years, Quilcué and her daughter have been victims of death threats and attacks.

In 2021, she was the winner of the National Award for the Defense of Human Rights in Colombia. It was in the category "Defense for a Whole Life".

Joseph Pitton de Tournefort

Joseph Pitton de Tournefort (5 June 1656 – 28 December 1708) was a French botanist. He is notable as the first to make a clear definition of the concept of genus for plants. Botanist Charles Plumier was his pupil and accompanied him on his travels. He also said that fungi were plants. Today, they are a class of their own. They are different from plants and animals.

Groovin' Blocks

Groovin' Blocks is a puzzle video game made by Empty Clip Studios. It was released for the Wii in North America on September 8, 2008 as WiiWare and August 11, 2009 on a disc with more content, iOS on October 24, 2009 and the PlayStation 3 on PlayStation Network on March 18, 2010.

Falling blocks are moved. Blocks disappear if three or more of the same color are next to each other, like in "Columns" and "Lumines". Doing it at the same time as the downbeats (named "Superbeats") of the game's electronica soundtrack can multiply the score.

Stars are earned by setting high scores, and are used to unlock songs and power-ups. Unlike most puzzle games, stages end when the song ends.

Two players can play in competitive and co-operative modes. A colorblind option uses shapes instead of colors for the blocks.

"Groovin' Blocks" got mixed reviews when it was released. The Wii version is considered a little better than the PlayStation 3 version, with 75/100 from 13 reviews compared to 68/100 from 6 reviews on Metacritic, and 75.46% with 13 reviews compared to 75.17% with 6 reviews on GameRankings.

IGN said the Wii version of "Groovin' Blocks" is a a fun "one trick pony" and a "pretty impressive" first effort from the developers, giving it a 7.6/10. Siliconera said it is "a deceptively addictive, fun little gem" that is "a great hybrid of the puzzle and music genres".

Pressure cooker bomb

A presure cooker bomb is an improvised explosive device that is obtained by inserting explosives into a pressure cooker. A detonator is also attached to the pressure cooker.

Hannes Adomeit

Hannes Adomeit (9 November 1942 – 25 April 2022) was a German political scientist. He worked as a political analyst. He worked with the American Institute for Contemporary German Studies (AICGS) at Johns Hopkins University. 

Adomeit was born in Memel. He died on 25 April 2022 in Berlin, aged 79.

Shane Yellowbird

Shane Yellowbird (July 7, 1979April 25, 2022) was a Canadian country music singer-songwriter.

Yellowbird had epilepsy and a history of seizures. He died on April 25, 2022 in Calgary, Alberta at the age of 42.

Daniel Dolan

Daniel Lytle Dolan (28 May 1951 – 26 April 2022) was an American Catholic sedevacantist bishop. He became a bishop in 1993.

Dolan died on 26 April 2022 at the age of 70.

İsmail Ogan

İsmail Ogan (5 March 1933 – 26 April 2022) was a Turkish freestyle wrestler and coach. He competed at the 1960 and 1964 Olympics. Ogan won a Silver medal in 1960 and a gold medal in 1964. He also won three medals at the world championships between 1957 and 1963.

Ogan began wrestling in the traditional Turkish yağlı güreş (oil wrestling) style. In 1950. he changed to freestyle wrestling after he was discovered by Yaşar Doğu. Soon after this, he joined thenational team. On the national team, he was trained by Celal Atik and Yaşar Doğu. Ogan retired from competitions in 1964, and worked as a wrestling coach and the national Sports Minister.

Klaus Schulze

Klaus Schulze (4 August 1947 – 26 April 2022) was a German electronic music musician and composer. He also used the alias Richard Wahnfried and was a member of the Krautrock bands Tangerine Dream, Ash Ra Tempel, and The Cosmic Jokers. Schulze was born in Berlin, Germany.

Schulze died on 26 April 2022 from a long-illness, aged 74.

Kenneth Tsang

Kenneth Tsang Kong (; 5 October 1934 – 27 April 2022) was a Hong Kong actor. Tsang's career lasted for 50 years. Tsang was born in Shanghai, China. His career began in 1955. In 1986, Tsang worked as taxi cab owner, Ken, in John Woo's "A Better Tomorrow". He also appeared in "A Better Tomorrow 2", "The Killer" and "Once a Thief".

Tsang died on 27 April 2022 at his hotel room in Hong Kong at the age of 87.

This is a partial list of films.


Bernard Pons

Bernard Pons (18 July 1926 – 27 April 2022) was a French politician and medical doctor. He was a member of the Union of Democrats for the Republic from 1971 to 1976 and a member of the Rally for the Republic party after. He was the Minister for Transport from 1995 until 1997. He was an advisor for the Union for a Popular Movement until 2008 after his retirement from active politics in 2002. Pons was also a member of the National Assembly from 1997 until 2002. Pons was born in Béziers, France.

Pons died on 27 April 2022 in Aigues-Mortes, France at the age of 95.

Nikolai Leonov

Nikolai Sergeyevich Leonov (; 22 August 1928 – 27 April 2022) was a Russian politician, senior KGB officer, and Latin America expert in the Soviet Union. Leonov was born in Ryazan Oblast, Soviet Union. He was a member of the State Duma from 2003 until 2007.

Leonov died on 27 April 2022 in Moscow, Russia at the age of 93.

Carlos Amigo Vallejo

Carlos Amigo Vallejo, O.F.M. (23 August 1934 – 27 April 2022) was a Spanish Roman Catholic cardinal and priest. He was the Archbishop of Seville in the Roman Catholic Church from 1982 until 2009. He was born in Medina de Rioseco, Spain.

He took part as a cardinal elector in the papal conclave in 2013 which elected Cardinal Jorge Bergoglio as Pope Francis.

Amigo Vallejo died on 27 April 2022 in Guadalajara, Spain from heart failure after having lung surgery to treat pulmonary edema, aged 87.


Medina de Rioseco

Medina de Rioseco is a municipality located in the province of Valladolid, in the autonomous community of Castile and León and Spain. In 2011, 4,967 people lived here.

2013 papal conclave

The 2013 papal conclave was when cardinals met to elect the pope to replace Pope Benedict XVI after his resignation on 28 February 2013. After the 115 cardinal-electors gathered, they set 12 March 2013 as the beginning of the conclave. On the fifth ballot, the conclave elected Cardinal Jorge Mario Bergoglio, SJ, Archbishop of Buenos Aires. He took the pontifical name of "Francis". It took two days to elected Bergoglio as the next pope.

Angelo Sodano was the dean of this conclave. It was held at the Sistine Chapel in the Apostolic Palace in Vatican City.

Besides Bergoglio, the following cardinals were seen as possible candidates for pope:

Pope Francis celebrated his inauguration on 19 March 2013 and became Bishop of Rome on 7 April.

In October 2013, the Italian weekly magazine "Panorama" claimed that the United States National Security Agency had targeted cardinals in the conclave for surveillance, including Cardinal Bergoglio. An NSA spokesperson denied this.

2005 papal conclave

The 2005 papal conclave was when cardinals met to elect a new pope following the death of Pope John Paul II on 2 April 2005. After his death, the cardinals of the Catholic Church who were in Rome met and set a date for the beginning of the conclave to elect his replacement.

After several days of private meetings attended by both cardinal electors and non-voting cardinals, the conclave began on 18 April 2005. It ended the next day after four ballots with the election of Cardinal Joseph Ratzinger as the next pope, "Benedict XVI". Ratzinger himself was the dean of this conclave. It took place at the Sistine Chapel.

Nothing is confirmed from this secret voting process and most numbers are guesses.

An anonymous cardinal provided his diary to an Italian journalist in September 2005 and it was published in full in 2011. That source gives the results of the first ballot as:


Second ballot:

Third ballot:

Fourth ballot:

Óscar Rodríguez Maradiaga

Óscar Andrés Rodríguez Maradiaga, S.D.B. (born 29 December 1942) is a Honduran Salesian and Cardinal of the Catholic Church. He is the current Archbishop of Tegucigalpa, is the former President of Caritas Internationalis and was President of the Latin American Episcopal Conference (CELAM) from 1995 to 1999. 

Rodríguez became a cardinal in 2001.

Christoph Schönborn

Christoph Maria Michael Hugo Damian Peter Adalbert Graf von Schönborn, O.P. (; born 22 January 1945), is a Bohemian-born Austrian Dominican friar and theologian. He is a cardinal of the Catholic Church. He was the Archbishop of Vienna and was the Chairman of the Austrian Bishops' Conference from 1998 until 2020. 

Paulo Evaristo Arns

Paulo Evaristo Arns OFM (; 14 September 1921 – 14 December 2016) was a Brazilian prelate of the Catholic Church. He was a Cardinal and the Archbishop of São Paulo. He was made cardinal by Pope Paul VI.

He was the last surviving cardinal elevated by Pope Paul VI. (Though Joseph Ratzinger, Pope Benedict XVI, is still living, he is no longer a member of the College of Cardinals).

After a long illness he died in a São Paulo hospital on 14 December 2016, aged 95.

Péter Erdő

Péter Erdő (, ; born 25 June 1952) is a Hungarian Cardinal of the Latin Rite of the Catholic Church. He has been the Archbishop of Esztergom-Budapest and Primate of Hungary since 2003.

Erdő had been mentioned as a possible candidate to be elected pope during the 2013 papal conclave.

Marc Ouellet

Marc Armand Ouellet (born 8 June 1944) is a Canadian prelate of the Catholic Church. He has been the prefect of the Congregation for Bishops and president of the Pontifical Commission for Latin America since his appointment by Pope Benedict XVI on 30 June 2010.

He was Archbishop of Quebec and Primate of Canada from 2003 to 2010. He was made a cardinal by Pope John Paul II on 21 October 2003. 

Gianfranco Ravasi

Gianfranco Ravasi (born 18 October 1942) is an Italian prelate of the Catholic Church and scholar. He has been a cardinal since 2010. He has been President of the Pontifical Council for Culture since 3 September 2007.

He was one of the cardinal electors who participated in the 2013 papal conclave that elected Pope Francis.

After ten years at the rank of cardinal deacon, he became a cardinal priest in 2021.

Leonardo Sandri

Leonardo Sandri (born 18 November 1943) is an Argentine Cardinal of the Catholic Church. He has been the Prefect of the Congregation for the Oriental Churches since June 2007 and a cardinal since November 2007. On 24 January 2020, Pope Francis approved his election as Vice Dean of the College of Cardinals.

He was mentioned in the press as a possible candidate for election to the papacy at the time of the resignation of Pope Benedict XVI in 2013.

Odilo Scherer

Dom Odilo Pedro Scherer (; born 21 September 1949) is a Brazilian cardinal of the Catholic Church. He has been the Archbishop of São Paulo since March 2007. He was made a cardinal in November 2007. He was mentioned as a possible candidate to replace Benedict XVI in 2013. 

Virginia Foxx

Virginia Ann Foxx ("née" Palmieri; June 29, 1943) is an American politician, educator and businesswoman. She is the U.S. representative for since 2005. Foxx is a member of the Republican Party. 

In December 2019, Foxx voted against both articles of impeachment of President Donald Trump.

In December 2020, Foxx was one of 126 Republican members of the House of Representatives to sign an amicus brief in support of "Texas v. Pennsylvania", which was a lawsuit trying to overturn Joe Biden's victory over Donald Trump.

On January 6, 2021, Foxx was one of 147 Republican lawmakers who voted against the certification of electoral votes from the 2020 presidential election even after the U.S. Capitol attack.

Luis Vasquez

Luis Fernando "Lucho" Vásquez Díaz (born 3 January 2003) is a Columbian professional footballer. He plays as defender for Austrian Second League club Liefering. 
He started in the Academia Alemana de Fútbol Popayán. 2021 he was signed by FC Red Bull Salzburg and loaned to SV Horn. He debuted for SV Horn in Febrauary 2021 when he was in the starting team versus SKU Amstetten. For the 2021/22 season he came back to Salzburg and became part of FC Liefering.

Alton, New Hampshire

Alton is a town in Belknap County, New Hampshire, United States.

Barnstead, New Hampshire

Barnstead is a town in Belknap County, New Hampshire, United States.

Center Harbor, New Hampshire

Center Harbor is a town in Belknap County, New Hampshire, United States.

Gilford, New Hampshire

Gilford is a town in Belknap County, New Hampshire, United States.

Meredith, New Hampshire

Meredith is a town in Belknap County, New Hampshire, United States.

New Hampton, New Hampshire

New Hampton is a town in Belknap County, New Hampshire, United States.

Sanbornton, New Hampshire

Sanbornton is a town in Belknap County, New Hampshire, United States.

Tilton, New Hampshire

Tilton is a town in Belknap County, New Hampshire, United States.

Eaton, New Hampshire

Eaton is a town in Carroll County, New Hampshire, United States.

Effingham, New Hampshire

Effingham is a town in Carroll County, New Hampshire, United States.

Hart's Location, New Hampshire

Hart's Location is a town in Carroll County, New Hampshire, United States.

Jackson, New Hampshire

Jackson is a town in Carroll County, New Hampshire, United States.

Madison, New Hampshire

Madison is a town in Carroll County, New Hampshire, United States.

Moultonborough, New Hampshire

Moultonborough is a town in Carroll County, New Hampshire, United States.

Sandwich, New Hampshire

Sandwich is a town in Carroll County, New Hampshire, United States.

Tamworth, New Hampshire

Tamworth is a town in Carroll County, New Hampshire, United States.

Tuftonboro, New Hampshire

Tuftonboro is a town in Carroll County, New Hampshire, United States.

Stoddard, New Hampshire

Stoddard is a town in Cheshire County, New Hampshire, United States.

Sullivan, New Hampshire

Sullivan is a town in Cheshire County, New Hampshire, United States. There was 658 people in the 2020 Census.

Swanzey, New Hampshire

Swanzey is a town in Cheshire County, New Hampshire, United States.

Troy, New Hampshire

Troy is a town in Cheshire County, New Hampshire, United States.

Walpole, New Hampshire

Walpole is a town in Cheshire County, New Hampshire, United States.

Westmoreland, New Hampshire

Westmoreland is a town in Cheshire County, New Hampshire, United States.

Carroll, New Hampshire

Carroll is a town in Coos County, New Hampshire, United States.

Colebrook, New Hampshire

Colebrook is a town in Coos County, New Hampshire, United States.

Columbia, New Hampshire

Columbia is a town in Coos County, New Hampshire, United States. According to the 2020 census, the population was 659.

Umran Malik

Umran Malik (born 22 November 1999) is an Indian cricketer. He made his Twenty20 debut on 18 January 2021, for Jammu & Kashmir in the 2020–21 Syed Mushtaq Ali Trophy. He made his List A debut on 27 February 2021, for Jammu & Kashmir in the 2020–21 Vijay Hazare Trophy. In September 2021, Malik was named a short-term COVID-19 replacement for T. Natarajan by the Sunrisers Hyderabad in the 2021 Indian Premier League.

Dalton, New Hampshire

Dalton is a town in Coos County, New Hampshire, United States.

Dummer, New Hampshire

Dummer is a town in Coos County, New Hampshire, United States.

Errol, New Hampshire

Errol is a town in Coos County, New Hampshire, United States.

Gorham, New Hampshire

Gorham is a town in Coos County, New Hampshire, United States.

Milan, New Hampshire

Milan is a town in Coos County, New Hampshire, United States.

Northumberland, New Hampshire

Northumberland is a town in Coos County, New Hampshire, United States.

Pittsburg, New Hampshire

Pittsburg is a town in Coos County, New Hampshire, United States.

Abdul Samad

Abdul Samad (born 28 October 2001) is an Indian cricketer who plays for Jammu & Kashmir in domestic cricket and for Sunrisers Hyderabad in the Indian Premier League (IPL). He is a right-handed batsman and right-arm leg-break bowler.

Samad is the third cricketer from Jammu & Kashmir to feature in the IPL. He made his IPL debut against Delhi Capitals on 29 September 2020.

He made his Twenty20 debut for Jammu & Kashmir in the 2018–19 Syed Mushtaq Ali Trophy on 21 February 2019. He made his List A debut on 27 September 2019, for Jammu & Kashmir in the 2019–20 Vijay Hazare Trophy. He made his first-class debut on 9 December 2019, for Jammu & Kashmir in the 2019–20 Ranji Trophy.

Randolph, New Hampshire

Randolph is a town in Coos County, New Hampshire, United States.

Shelburne, New Hampshire

Shelburne is a town in Coos County, New Hampshire, United States.

Stark, New Hampshire

Stark is a town in Coos County, New Hampshire, United States.

First-class cricket

First-class cricket is the highest-standard international/domestic matches in cricket.
A first-class match is one of three or more days' scheduled duration between two sides of eleven players each. It is officially adjudged to be worthy of the status by virtue of the standard of the competing teams. Matches must allow for the teams to play two innings each, although in practice a team might play only one innings or none at all.

First-class cricket, along with historical single-wicket and modern limited-overs forms, is one of the highest-standard forms of cricket. The etymology of "first-class cricket" is unknown, but it was used loosely before it acquired official status in 1895, following a meeting of leading English clubs. At a meeting of the Imperial Cricket Conference (ICC) in 1947, it was formally defined on a global basis. A significant omission of the ICC ruling was any attempt to define first-class cricket retrospectively. That has left historians, and especially statisticians, with the problem of how to categorise earlier matches, especially those played in Great Britain before 1895. The solution put forward by the Association of Cricket Statisticians and Historians (ACS) is to classify all pre-1895 matches of a high standard as important matches.
Test cricket is the highest standard of cricket. It is a form of first-class cricket. Although the term "first-class" is mainly used to refer to domestic competitions. A player's first-class statistics include any performances in Test matches.


Stewartstown, New Hampshire

Stewartstown is a town in Coos County, New Hampshire, United States.

Stratford, New Hampshire

Stratford is a town in Coos County, New Hampshire, United States.

Whitefield, New Hampshire

Whitefield is a town in Coos County, New Hampshire, United States.

Alexandria, New Hampshire

Alexandria is a town in Grafton County, New Hampshire, United States.

Benton, New Hampshire

Benton is a town in Grafton County, New Hampshire, United States.

Bethlehem, New Hampshire

Bethlehem is a town in Grafton County, New Hampshire, United States.

Bridgewater, New Hampshire

Bridgewater is a town in Grafton County, New Hampshire, United States.

Bristol, New Hampshire

Bristol is a town in Grafton County, New Hampshire, United States.

Canaan, New Hampshire

Canaan is a town in Grafton County, New Hampshire, United States.

Dorchester, New Hampshire

Dorchester is a town in Grafton County, New Hampshire, United States.

Easton, New Hampshire

Easton is a town in Grafton County, New Hampshire, United States.

Ellsworth, New Hampshire

Ellsworth is a town in Grafton County, New Hampshire, United States.

Groton, New Hampshire

Groton is a town in Grafton County, New Hampshire, United States.

Hebron, New Hampshire

Hebron is a town in Grafton County, New Hampshire, United States.

Landaff, New Hampshire

Landaff is a town in Grafton County, New Hampshire, United States.

Lisbon, New Hampshire

Lisbon is a town in Grafton County, New Hampshire, United States.

Lyman, New Hampshire

Lyman is a town in Grafton County, New Hampshire, United States.

Lyme, New Hampshire

Lyme is a town in Grafton County, New Hampshire, United States.

Monroe, New Hampshire

Monroe is a town in Grafton County, New Hampshire, United States.

Orford, New Hampshire

Orford is a town in Grafton County, New Hampshire, United States.

Piermont, New Hampshire

Piermont is a town in Grafton County, New Hampshire, United States.

Rumney, New Hampshire

Rumney is a town in Grafton County, New Hampshire, United States.

Sugar Hill, New Hampshire

Sugar Hill is a town in Grafton County, New Hampshire, United States.

Thornton, New Hampshire

Thornton is a town in Grafton County, New Hampshire, United States.

Wentworth, New Hampshire

Wentworth is a town in Grafton County, New Hampshire, United States.

Woodstock, New Hampshire

Woodstock is a town in Grafton County, New Hampshire, United States.

Collin Williams

Collin Ray Williams (1 November 1961 – 24 April 2022) was a Zimbabwean cricketer who played five first class matches and one list A cricket match for Matabeleland. He also coached Zimbabwe hockey team. He was the father of Zimbabwean cricketer Sean Williams. He was born in Bulawayo, Zimbabwe.

Williams died on 24 April 2022 in Bulawayo at the age of 60.

Konstantin Gertig

Konstantin Gertig (born 2 February 2004) is a German professional footballer. He plays as forward for Austrian Second League club Liefering. He also played for the FC Salzburg squad in the UEFA Youth League 2021-22 and the U18 team of the Red Bull Academy.
He started in the youth of FC Red Bull Salzburg. 2018 he went to the FC Bayern München Academy where he played in the U16, U17 and U19 teams. 2021 he went back to Salzburg.

In April 2022 he debuted for FC Liefering when he was in the starting team versus SV Lafnitz. 

Joia Perry

| siglum = 
| agent = 
| style = 
Joia Perry is an American physician, childbirth doctor and gynecologist. She is an anti-racism leader, speaker, trainer, worker, policy expert and also a fighter for justice. She is the founder and the president of the "National Birth Equity Collaborative".

Joia Perry had spoken in the United Nations Office of the High Commissioner for Human Rights, asking the office to make a human rights framework to improve maternal mortality conditions. In the past, she was an Executive Director of the "Birthing Project, Director of Women’s and Children’s Services" at Jefferson Community Healthcare Center. She was also a Director of "Clinical Services for the City of New Orleans Health Department". In her directorate, she controlled four health care for the homeless, pediatric, WIC and gynecologic services within the New Orleans clinical service area. She contributed a lit to the health care services for the New Orleans’ citizens post in the "Hurricane Katrina Disaster" of 2005.

Joia Perry was given the "Congressional Black Caucus Healthcare Hero’s Award". She was also given the "Maternal Health Task Force at Harvard University Global Visionary Award". These were in recognition of her dedicated works for developing women’s health. She was also given the Fellowship of the "American College of Obstetrics and Gynecology". She has been shown many times in various national and international publications like "Essence" and "Ms". In the year 2020, she was honoured by "USA Today". She was selected in its "Women of the Century" series. She was shown on "Nightline’s" and "Hear Her Voice" on "ABC".


The Patchwork Girl of Oz (1914 movie)

The Patchwork Girl of Oz is a 1914 American fantasy adventure movie directed by J. Farrell MacDonald and was based on the 1913 novel of the same name by L. Frank Baum. It stars Violet MacMillan, Frank Moore, Raymond Russell, Hal Roach, Fred Woodward, Bert Glennon and was distributed by Paramount Pictures.


Dario Bijelić

Dario Bijelić (born 18 May 2004) is a Croatian professional footballer. He plays as defender for Austrian Second League club Liefering. He also played for the FC Salzburg squad in the UEFA Youth League 2021-22 season and the U18 team of the Red Bull Academy.
He started in the youth of FC Liefering and FC Red Bull Salzburg. 2018 he went to the FC Red Bull Salzburg Academy where he played in the U15, U16 and U18 teams. 

In February 2022 he debuted for FC Liefering when he was in the starting team versus SKN St. Pölten. 
Dario Bijelić played for the U18 team six matches and three for the U19 team.

Mucormycosis

Mucormycosis, also known as black fungus, is a serious fungal infection. 

It is spread by spores of molds of the order Mucorales.

It usually occurs in people who have a weak immune system. It is a rare but dangerous infection. It is caused by a group of molds called mucormycetes. It often affects the sinuses, lungs, skin, and brain.

Scinax elaeochroa

The Supirio snouted tree frog or olive snouted tree frog ("Scinax elaeochroa") is a frog that lives in Nicaragua, Panama, and Costa Rica. Scientists have seen it as high as 700 meters above sea level.

The adult male frog is 40 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is 50 mm long. This frog has a flat body with a round nose that sticks out. Its eyes are large and stick out from its head. These frogs can be different colors of brown, yellow or green.

This frog can hold on to plants straight up and down. It presses its whole body against the leaf. The frog's body acts like a suction cup.

Bankia

Bankia is a Spanish banking conglomerate formed in December 2010 as an alliance of seven regional savings banks. With 12 million customers (both individuals and legal entities), the bank was the fourth-largest bank in Spain. In 2012, he experienced great financial problems and was partially nationalized (90% of the shares in exchange for assistance of 23.5 billion euros). In 2021, the bank was taken over by CaixaBank.

Telxius

Telxius Telecom S.A. is a global telecommunications infrastructure company created in 2016, owned by Telefónica Infra, a subsidiary of Spanish telecommunications company Telefónica.

Telxius is a co-sponsor of the Sopela Women's Team. It is a Basque team of cyclists that has a total of twelve runners.

Mobsyte

Mobsyte is a website builder that allows small owners, freelancers and professionals to create websites optimized for mobile, tablet and desktop. The company is headquartered in . It was founded by Alejandro Sánchez Acosta (CEO) in 2013.

Macedonian dynasty

The Macedonian dynasty, (Armenian: Մակեդոնիայի դինաստիա; Greek: Μακεδονική δυναστεία) ruled Byzantine Empire between 867–1056 years. The Byzantine Empire underwent a revival during the reign of the Armenian Macedonian emperors of the late 9th, 10th, and early 11th centuries, when it gained control over the Adriatic Sea, Southern Italy, and all of the territory of the Bulgaria.

Basil I, the founder of his dynasty, was of probably Armenian origin.


Dey

Dey (Arabic: داي), from the Turkish honorific title "dayı", literally meaning uncle, was the title given to the rulers of the Regency of Algiers (Algeria), Tripoli, and Tunis under the Ottoman Empire from 1671 onwards.

Zuhal Atmar

Zuhal Atmar is an Afghan entrepreneur and environmentalist. She is the first woman to owe and to manage a recycling plant in Afghanistan. She is also a researcher as well as an economic affairs analyst. She was included in BBC's list of 100 influential and inspiring women for 2021.

Atmar was born in Afghanistan. An account cited that she was a refugee in Pakistan. In Pakistan, she completed her education. She came back to Afghanistan after the fall of the Talibans. She started her career as a researcher. She worked for the Afghanistan Research and Evaluation Unit. She promoted women's education, community voice, equal opportunities and access to livelihood.

Atmar's environmental work began with a desire to say something about the climate change. She created a recycling plant to help in controlling the pollution rate in Kabul. In an interview, she highlighted the problems of the one-time use of plastic. According to her, such plastic contribute to the 308 tons of garbage generated in Kabul everyday. This facility is called Gul-Mursal Waste Paper Recycling Factory. It processed 33 tons of garbage every week.

Her leading work at the recycling facility exposed her to gender discrimination and harassment. She said that it was difficult to set up her company as women in Afghanistan do not have access to loans. The reason for such discrimination is that they fail to complete requirements such as guarantor, business partner and collateral. She operated her company after getting a $100,000 loan from the United States Agency for International Development (USAID). Atmar also struggled with patriarchy. She said she was harassed by male competitors. In a report, Atmar said that “there’s a lot of judgment and many people are bothered by me running my own business.”

Atmar was included in BBC's list of 100 influential and inspiring women for 2021.

Gabriela Baeza

Gabriela Baeza Zamora is a Mexican environmental activist, speaker and expert in sustainable development. She is recognised for popularising the zero waste movement in Latin America. She used the documentary short movie "El Reto" (July 8, 2017) as an instrument of her career. Since then, Baeza has spoken at meetings in important events on environmental issues. Examples include those of the Green Expo, the Ecofest and the Circular Economy Congress of Mexico. In July 2019, the newspaper "El País" included her in its list of the "10 world leaders who do not give up".

Baeza was born in Mexico City. She studied Environmental Sciences. Later, she did a specialization in Environmental and Ecological Economics at the National Autonomous University of Mexico UNAM. She got a master's degree in Sustainable Development from the Universities of Utrecht and Leipzig. During her stay in Europe, she had spoken on conservation in countries such as Austria, Serbia and Croatia.

After obtaining her master's degree, Baeza became professionally connected to the German Cooperation for Sustainable Development GIZ. She was serving as an advisor to the waste energy use program. In 2016, she started using the concepts about the zero waste movement in her everyday life. The ideas are based on the reuse of waste that is normally stored or burned. It contributes to the purification of the planet earth. In 2017, Baeza achieved fame in her native country and in Latin America. She produced and directed the documentary short movie "El Reto" ("The Challenge"). In the movie, she shows her experience since she embraced this lifestyle. It had a strong impact on social networks, getting millions of views.

Since that time, Baeza has appeared many times in social media. She explained the ideology of the movement and advised for it to be applied effectively in homes. As a lecturer, she has participated in important environmental events such as the Mexico Circular Economy Congress, the Green Expo and the Ecofest, among others. Baeza is considered an Internet celebrity in the Mexican environmental movement.

The method proposed by Baeza involves the use of glass containers and paper bags, bulk purchases, reuse and recycling. On her blog, Baeza advised people on the subject and offers environmental awareness content.

2017 - "El Reto" ("The Challenge") - documentary short movie.


Aurora Metro Center station

Aurora Metro Center station is a light rail station on the R Line in Aurora, Colorado, USA. It is located at Centrepoint Drive and Sable Boulevard. There is the shopping center and the Aurora Municipal Center (city hall, police headquarters, central library, and history museum) near it.

Leave the World Behind (movie)

Leave The World Behind is an upcoming feature film directed by Sam Esmail and adapted from Rumaan Alam's novel. It will star Julia Roberts, Mahershala Ali and Ethan Hawke.

The literary basis of the script was Rumaan Alam's novel "Leave the World Behind", published in 2020. The main characters are a couple who decide to spend their vacation in a rented house in a remote part of Long Island. However, the owners of the house suddenly return and report that a disaster has occurred in New York.

Philipp Köhn

Philipp Köhn (born 2 April 1998) is a Swiss football player. He plays for Monaco in Ligue 1 as a goalkeeper.

He played in the youth teams of SuS 09 Dinslaken, MSV Duisburg, Schalke 04 and VfB Stuttgart 2017 he went on to RB Leipzig and 2018 to FC Red Bull Salzburg in the Austrian Bundesliga. He played for the farmteam FC Liefering. 2020 he went to FC Wil on loan. There he played 32 matches in the Swiss Challenge League. 2021 he came back to Salzburg and became number one goalkeeper of FC Red Bull Salzburg.
From 2012 to 2018 he played for the German U15, U16, U17 and U18 national teams. In August 2019 he debuted for the Swiss U19 national team versus Slovakia. 2019 he played his first match for the Swiss U21 team. He was in the team for the U21-European Championship but did not play. In November 2021 he was in the Swiss squad for the first time.


List of minor planets: 183001–184000


Meanings of minor planet names: 183001–184000

Mino Raiola

Carmine "Mino" Raiola (; 4 November 1967 – 30 April 2022) was an Italian football agent. He was known for having represented many well-known players including Paul Pogba, Henrikh Mkhitaryan, Marco Verratti, Gianluigi Donnarumma, Matthijs de Ligt, Erling Haaland, Mario Balotelli, and formerly Pavel Nedvěd. He was born in Nocera Inferiore, Salerno, Italy.

In January 2022, Raiola was hospitalized in Milan, Italy for problems caused by lung disease. On 28 April 2022, it was reported he was in serious condition. He died two days later on 30 April, aged 54.

Marco Verratti

Marco Verratti (; born 5 November 1992) is an Italian professional footballer. He plays as a central midfielder for Ligue 1 club Paris Saint-Germain and the Italy national team. 

Matthijs de Ligt

Matthijs de Ligt (; born 12 August 1999) is a Dutch professional footballer. He plays as a centre-back for Juventus and the Netherlands national team.

Ajax

Juventus

Bayern Munich

Netherlands

Individual

Carlos García Cambón

Carlos María García Cambón (27 March 1949 – 27 April 2022) was an Argentine football player and manager. He was born in Buenos Aires, Argentina. His career began in 1969 and he retired in 1978. He played for Chacarita Juniors, Boca Juniors and Unión de Santa Fe. 

García Cambón died on 27 April 2022 from problems caused by a ruptured abdominal aortic aneurysm in Buenos Aires, aged 73.

Abdominal aortic aneurysm

Abdominal aortic aneurysm (AAA or triple A) is an enlargement of the abdominal aorta which is more than 50% larger than normal. They usually cause no symptoms, except during rupture. This may cause abdominal, back, or leg pain. Large aneurysms can sometimes be felt by pushing on the abdomen.

Rupture may result in pain in the abdomen or back, low blood pressure, or loss of consciousness and can cause death.

Aortic rupture

Aortic rupture is the rupture or breakage of the aorta, the largest artery in the body. Aortic rupture is a rare, extremely dangerous condition. The most common cause is an abdominal aortic aneurysm that has ruptured randomly. 

An aortic rupture can be classified according to its cause into one of the following main types:

Abdominal aorta

The abdominal aorta is the largest artery in the abdominal cavity. It is part of the aorta. It is a direct continuation of the descending aorta (of the thorax).

The abdominal aorta begins at the level of the diaphragm, crossing it via the aortic hiatus, technically behind the diaphragm.

Meanings of minor planet names: 182001–183000

Abu al-Hasan al-Hashimi al-Qurashi

Abu al-Hasan al-Hashimi al-Qurashi (), born Nour Karim al-Mutni (; died 15 October 2022), was an Iraqi terrorist and the third leader of the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant. He was named as leader on 10 March 2022, in an audio message by the new spokesperson of ISIL, Abu Omar al-Muhajir, whose announcement came more than a month after the death of the previous leader Abu Ibrahim al-Hashimi al-Qurashi. The message said that Abu al-Hasan was given a pledge of allegiance in response to the will of the former leader.

On 26 May 2022, the Turkish government claimed that he was arrested in Istanbul. Later, ISIL sources denied news reports of his arrest in the 347th issue of their weekly newsletter "Al-Naba".

On 30 November 2022, ISIL announced that Abu al-Hasan had been killed while fighting. The spokesman of ISIL, Abu Omar, confirmed the news that same day. The United States Central Command confirmed that Abu al-Hasan killed himself by triggering a bomb during an operation carried out by former Free Syrian Army rebels which had aligned with government forces in Daraa Governorate in mid-October.

Abu al-Hussein al-Husseini al-Qurashi replaced him as the leader of ISIS.

Zoran Sretenović

Zoran Sretenović (Serbian Cyrillic: Зоран Сретеновић; 5 August 1964 – 28 April 2022) was a Serbian basketball coach and player. He was born in Belgrade, SFR Yugoslavia. His playing career lasted from 1984 until 2001. His coaching career lasted from 2001 until his death. He was known for playing for Split, Borovica Ruma and Stal Ostrów Wielkopolski.

Sretenović died on 28 April 2022 in Belgrade from a heart attack, aged 57.


Juan Diego (actor)

Juan Diego Ruiz Moreno (14 December 1942 – 28 April 2022), professionally known as Juan Diego, was a Spanish actor. His career began in 1957. He appeared in the movies "The Holy Innocents", "The 7th Day", "Dragon Rapide", "París-Tombuctú" and "You're the One". Diego was born in Seville, Spain. He won three Goya Awards (1991, 1999, 2006) during his career.

Diego died on 28 April 2022 at a hospital in Madrid, Spain at the age of 79.

Fernando Sáenz Lacalle

Fernando Sáenz Lacalle (16 November 1932 – 28 April 2022) was a Spanish Roman Catholic prelate. He was the 10th Bishop and sixth Archbishop of San Salvador, El Salvador from 1985 until 2008. He became a priest in 1959. Sáenz Lacalle was born in Cintruénigo, Spain.

Sáenz Lacalle died on 28 April 2022 in La Libertad, El Salvador at the age of 89.

Cintruénigo

Cintruénigo is a Spanish town and municipality located in the province and autonomous community of Navarre, northern Spain. Its population in 2020 was of 8,026.


Fernando Fernán Gómez

Fernando Fernández Gómez (28 August 1921 – 21 November 2007) better known as Fernando Fernán Gómez was a Peruvian-born Argentine-Spanish actor, screenwriter, movie director and theater director. He was a member of the Royal Spanish Academy for seven years. He won three Goya Awards for acting, one for directing and one for screenwriting. 

His best known directing work was "Voyage to Nowhere". His best acting work was "Mambru Went to War", "The Grandfather" and "Belle Époque".

Fernán Gómez died in Madrid, Spain on 21 November 2007 from heart failure caused by pneumonia and colon cancer at the age of 86.

Saint-Benoît, Réunion

Saint-Benoît () is a commune in the French overseas department of Réunion. 

Amorosa presenza

Amorosa presenza is an Italian opera in two acts, music by Nicola Piovani and libretto by Aisha Cerami and Nicola Piovani. It was first performed in Trieste, on January 21, 2022.


The opera premiered on January 21, 2022 at the Teatro Giuseppe Verdi in Trieste. He set up Chiara Muti, the daughter of the famous conductor Riccardo Muti, with the composer conducting and choirmaster Paolo Longo. The main roles were played by Maria Rita Combattelli as Serena and Motoharu Takei as Orazio.

Tofiga Vaevalu Falani

Tofiga Vaevalu Falani has been the Governor-General of Tuvalu since 29 September 2021. He was Acting Governor General on 14 August 2017.

He was appointed as a Member of the British Empire for public and community service in the 2014 New Year Honours.

Kausea Natano

Kausea Natano (born 5 July 1957) is a Tuvaluan politician. He was the Prime Minister of Tuvalu from 19 September 2019 until 26 February 2024. He was also serving as an MP for Funafuti until 2024.

Note value

In music notation, a note value is the amount of time of a note. Note value is relative: it depends on the tempo (speed) of the music. For example, a quarter note (crotchet) at 80 beats per minute (BPM) is the same as a half note (minim) at 160 beats per minute.

Note value is shown by the shape of the note, including the notehead, stem, and flags. Simple note values are fractional powers of two, for example one, one-half, one fourth, etc.

A rest means a silence (no sound) of an equal amount of time.

Shorter notes can be created theoretically "ad infinitum" by adding further flags, but are very rare.

Sometimes the longa or breve is used to show a very long note of indefinite amount of time, as at the end of a piece (e.g. at the end of Mozart's Mass KV 192).
A single eighth note, or any faster note, is always stemmed with flags, while two or more are usually beamed in groups. When a stem is present, it can go either up (from the right side of the note head) or down (from the left side), except in the cases of the "longa" or "maxima" which are nearly always written with downward stems. In most cases, the stem goes down if the notehead is on the center line or above, and up otherwise. Any flags always go to the right of the stem.

A note value may be made longer by adding a dot after it. This dot adds the next briefer note value, making it one and a half times its original length of time. A number of dots ("n") lengthen the note value by its value, so two dots add two lower note values, making a total of one and three quarters times its original length of time. The rare three dots make it one and seven eighths the length of time, and so on.
Two notes of the same pitch can be combined into one note with a tie.
To divide a note value to three equal parts, or some other value than two, tuplets may be used. For example, an eighth note triplet has three notes in the space of two eighth notes, so each note has a length of 1/12. An sixteenth note quintuplet has five notes in the space of four sixteenth notes, so each note has a length of 1/20.

Rest (music)

A rest is a musical notation sign that indicates no sound.

Each rest symbol and name corresponds with a particular note value for length of time. The rest shows how long the silence should last.

If a rest should last for multiple bars, it is shown by a thick horizontal line in the middle of the staff, with short vertical lines at each end. The number of bars of the rest is written over the top.

Sonchus kirkii

The shore puha which is also known as the New Zealand sow thistle, is a plant in the family Asteraceae. It grows near the ocean in . In Latin, the shore puha is called the "Sonchus kirkii".

The shore puha has green leaves that point up. It has a yellow flower. The shore puha usually grows up to 30 centimeters tall. It can sometimes grow up to 100 centimeters.

The conservation status of the shore puha is "declining" and it is also called "at risk".

Other species of weeds that grow more quickly might be the reason for the shore puha to be at "declining" because it is not as good at growing as the other plants. The plants "" and "" can take over the habitats that the shore puha likes and grow in the area faster. Until the 1980s the shore puha was not in danger, but after that the amount of shore puhas left have been going down.


Banco Macro

Banco Macro is an Argentine private capital bank. is the second largest domestically-owned private bank in Argentina.

The Macro is one of the most important private banks in Argentina. It is made up of two merged institutions, which are Banco Macro and Banco Tucumán, which in total constitutes a structure of 506 service points.

St. Thomas Church, Leipzig

The St. Thomas Church () is a Lutheran church in Leipzig. Many famous composers visited or worked here. Johann Sebastian Bach was the "Kantor" of the church from 1723 until his death in 1750. He is buried in the church.


Patricia Espinosa

Patricia Espinosa Cantellano (born October 21, 1958) is a Mexican politician and ambassador. She is currently serving as the executive secretary of the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change. Previously, she served as the Mexican Ambassador to Austria, Germany, Slovenia and Slovakia. Besides, she served as in the cabinet of President Felipe Calderón.

She completed her graduation in International Relations from El Colegio de México. She got a diploma in International Law at the Graduate Institute of International and Development Studies in Switzerland. She is married and has two children.

Espinosa joined the Foreign Service on September 16, 1981. She served at the Mexican delegation to the United Nations in Geneva. From 1992 to 1997, she worked at the Mexican delegation to the United Nations at New York City. She also served as general director of the Ibero-American Summit and the Summit of the Americas.

She was promoted to Ambassador within the Foreign Service in 2000. She served at the Mexican Embassy in Germany from January 2001 to June 2002. She left the post to serve as Ambassador to Austria. It was concurrent with a number of international organisations in Vienna, from June 2002 to November 2006.
On November 28, 2006, President-elect Felipe Calderón announced that she would serve as his Secretary of Foreign Affairs starting on December 1, 2006. Her importance included the diversification of the (heavily concentrated on immigration and security issues). It also includes the rebuilding of diplomatic relations with Cuba and Venezuela. These were strained during the previous administration.

In May 2016, she was selected by United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon to be the Executive Secretary of the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change (UNFCCC).



Victoria Tauli-Corpuz

Victoria Tauli-Corpuz is a Filipino development consultant. She is an international indigenous activist of ethnicity. On 2nd of June, 2014, she took the responsibilities of the third UN Special Rapporteur on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples. As a UN special rapporteur, she investigated alleged violations of indigenous peoples rights. She also promoted the regulation of international standards focusing on the rights of indigenous peoples. She held her special rapporteur position until March 2020.

She is the indigenous and gender adviser to the Third World Network. She is a member of United Nations Development Programme Civil Society Organizations Advisory Committee. She is also a member of the World Future Council.

Tauli-Corpuz was the chairperson of the United Nations Permanent Forum on Indigenous Issues (2005-2010). She was the rapporteur for the Voluntary Fund for Indigenous Populations.

She completed her graduation from the Philippine Science High School in Diliman, Quezon City in 1969. She got her nursing degree at the UP College of Nursing, University of the Philippines Manila in 1976.

Victoria Tauli-Corpuz organized indigenous peoples on the community level to fight against the projects of then President Ferdinand Marcos. Her organised indigenous peoples stopped the Chico River Hydroelectric Dam project. It would have flooded the local villages and the logging operations of Cellophil Resources Corporation on the lands of their forefathers.

Tauli-Corpuz was the first recipient of the Gabriela Silang Award. It was given in 2009 by the National Commission on Indigenous Peoples.

Tauli-Corpuz was included in a list of 10 important people associated with scientific developments in 2021. The list was made by the scientific journal .

Xiomara Acevedo

Xiomara Acevedo is a Colombian climate change activist. She is the founder and CEO of the NGO Barranquilla +20. She stood for the inclusion of women and young people's voices in climate justice.
Acevedo founded Barranquilla +20 in 2012. As of 2022, she serves as the CEO. Barranquilla +20 is a youth-led non-governmental organization. It focused on climate activism and environmentalism in Barranquilla and throughout Latin America. 

Acevedo co-founded the network "El Orinoco se adapta" (Orinoco adapts). It uses a gender-based approach towards addressing and adapting to climate change in the Orinoquía natural region. It was founded around the year 2014.

In 2015, Acevedo worked for the World Wide Fund for Nature in Paraguay.

From 2016 to 2019, Acevedo worked as a climate change expert for the government of , Colombia. She was helping in the climate change policy.

In 2021, Acevedo attended the . It was a part of the Women and Gender Constituency. She stood for the importance of women's rights in achieving climate justice.

Acevedo was the director of the Women for Climate Justice project (a project of Barranquilla +20). It was a 2021 initiative that focused the climate leadership of young women from across Colombia. Barranquilla +20 was awarded $50,000 for the project by the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation in 2021.

Acevedo was a member of the steering committee of the Global Youth Biodiversity Network. She was also a member of the Youth Fund Committee of the Global Youth Climate Action Fund.

Acevedo is from Barranquilla, Colombia.

Acevedo completed her graduation from the Universidad del Norte, Colombia. She took a degree in international relations, with a focus on international law. Acevedo attended the Frankfurt School of Finance & Management. She studied climate finance.


Albert Vallci

Albert Vallci (born 2 July 1995) is a professional footballer from Austria. He plays for Austrian Bundesliga club FC Red Bull Salzburg as defender.
Vallci started in the youth teams of FC Lankowitz and Kapfenberger SV. Then he came to Kapfenberger SV where he played in the first and second team. After playing for SV Lafnitz and SV Horn, he came to FC Wacker Innsbruck. 2019 he went to FC Red Bull Salzburg. 

Heraclian dynasty

The Heraclian dynasty, (; ) ruled Byzantine Empire between 610–711 years. The Heraclians presided over a period of cataclysmic events that were a watershed in the history of the Empire and the world.

Heraclius, the founder of his dynasty, was of Armenian origin.


L.A. Without a Map

L.A. Without a Map, also known as Los Angeles Without a Map and "I Love L.A". is a 1998 French British Finnish Luxembourgian romantic comedy-drama movie directed by Mika Kaurismäki and was based on the 1988 semi-authobigraphical novel of the same name by Richard Rayner. It stars David Tennant, Vinessa Shaw, Julie Delpy, Vincent Gallo, Cameron Bancroft, Amanda Plummer, Steve Huison, Saskia Reeves, Robert Davi, Malcolm Tinney, Jerzy Skolimowski.

Scinax funereus

The Moyobamba snouted tree frog ("Scinax funereus") is a frog that lives in Peru, Colombia, Ecuador, and Brazil.

The adult male frog is 28.7–35.1 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is 34.2–38.6. Its skin is pale green or brown with darker brown or darker green marks. There is webbing on the back feet but not on the front feet.

This frog lives in trees in primary forest and secondary forest. 

Carbon Based Lifeforms

Carbon Based Lifeforms is a Swedish electronic music duo. It was formed in Gothenburg in 1996 by Johannes Hedberg and Daniel Vadestrid ("né" Ringström).
In March 2022, Vadestrid announced that he had completed the first draft of a book about the history of the band. Its working title is "The Path to Derelicts".

Studio albums

Compilations

Soundtracks

EPs

DJ mixes
Regrouped compilations of other artists made by CBL.



Kolmården Wildlife Park

Kolmården Wildlife Park () is a zoo. It opened in 1965 overlooking Bråviken bay in Sweden. It is the largest zoo in Scandinavia. 
The park includes the first dolphinarium in Scandinavia. It opened in 1969 and has daily shows, and the world's first cable car safari. The wildlife park also has a birds of prey display and a seal show. In the Marine World area is a roller coaster called "The Dolphin Express". Another, larger, roller coaster in the park is Wildfire.



Noah Okafor

Noah Arinze Okafor (born 24 May 2000) is a Swiss professional footballer. He plays as forward for Serie A club AC Milan. 
Okafor began his career with FC Arisdorf. 2009 he joined FC Basel where he played in all youth teams. In January 2018 he joined the first team of Basel. He debuted versus FC Luzern in the last round of the season. His first league goal he scored in the second round of the next season versus Neuchâtel Xamax.

In January 2020 he went to Austria and signed for FC Red Bull Salzburg till 2024. He scored his first goal for Salzburg in round 24 versus Rapid Wien. In 2023 he moved to AC Milan.

He played for all Swiss youth teams from U15 to U21. On 9 June 2019 he played his first match for the national team versus England.

Basel

Red Bull Salzburg

Dead zone (ecology)

Dead zones are hypoxic (low-oxygen) areas in the world's oceans and large lakes. 

Hypoxia occurs when dissolved oxygen (DO) concentration falls to or below 2 ml of O/liter. Once DO falls below 0.5 ml O/liter in a body of water, everything dies. With such low concentration of DO, the water does not support the aquatic life living there.

In March 2004 the newly established UN Environment Programme published its first Global Environment Outlook Year Book ("GEO Year Book 2003"). It said there were 146 dead zones in the world's oceans. In these zones marine life could not live due to low oxygen levels. Some of these zones were as small as a square kilometer (0.4 mi), but the largest dead zone covered 70,000 square kilometers (27,000 mi). A 2008 study counted 405 dead zones worldwide.

Nella Martinetti

Nella Martinetti (21 January 1946 – 29 July 2011) was a Swiss singer-songwriter, affectionately nicknamed "Bella Nella".

She was born in Brissago, Ticino, Switzerland. In 1986, she became the first winner of the Grand Prix der Volksmusik with the song "Bella Musica", which she composed. In 1987, along with Atilla Şereftuğ, Martinetti approached a then unknown young Canadian singer Céline Dion, asking her to represent Switzerland in the 1988 Eurovision Song Contest. Dion won the Eurovision Song Contest with the song "Ne partez pas sans moi", which she composed along with Şereftuğ. 

Martinetti entered into a civil union with her longtime partner Marianne Schneebeli in 2009.

Martinetti died in Männedorf, Canton of Zürich, Switzerland, aged 65, in 2011, from pancreatic cancer.


Cade Otton

Cade Otton (born April 15, 1999) is an American football player. He is a tight end. Otton was drafted by the Tampa Bay Buccaneers in 2022.

Otton attended Tumwater High School in Tumwater, Washington. As a senior, he was "The Olympian"’s All-Area Football Player of the Year after having 39 receptions for 733 yards with 13 touchdowns on offense and 107 tackles and three sacks on defense. After high school, he played college football at the University of Washington.
Otton was redshirted in 2017. He played in all 14 games in 2018. He started in 10 of those games He finished the year with 13 receptions for 174 yards and three touchdowns. As a sophomore in 2019, he started all 13 games. He had 32 receptions for 344 yards and two touchdowns. As a junior in 2020, he started all four games and had 18 receptions for 258 yards and three touchdowns. Otton decided to play his final year at Washington rather than enter the 2021 NFL Draft. During his senior year, he recorded all-time-low numbers. He was still ranked as a Top 10 Tight-End. Tampa Bay selected Cade Otton in the fourth round of the 2022 NFL draft.

During his career at Washington, Otton caught 76% of 113 passes to him. He averaged 11.5 yards per catch and had nine touchdowns.

Kees van der Kruijs

Kees van der Kruijs (1947—22 September 2021) was a Dutch Grand Prix motorcycle road racer. He was national champion in the 250-cc and 350-cc class. 

He was born in Heeze, he later moved with his parents to Oisterwijk. His best victory was the 24 hours of Oss. He competed at international competitions and among others, the 1976 Dutch TT, 1976 German motorcycle Grand Prix, 1977 Belgian motorcycle Grand Prix and 1977 British motorcycle Grand Prix. He died on 22 September 2021.

Hans Haas

Hans Haas (15 January 1945 – 12 September 2021) was a Dutch politician. He was a member of the Christian Democratic Appeal. He was the mayor of Maasdriel from 1989 to 1995), the mayor of Haaren from 1996 to 16 February 2001 and the mayor of Valkenswaard from 16 February 2001 to 1 February 2007. He retired on 1 February 2007. He ended his retirement in 2008 and became mayor of Boekel and acting mayor of Gemert-Bakel from 2010 to 2011.

Haas died in Druten on 12 September 2021.

Made in the A.M.

Made in the A.M. is the fifth studio album by the British-Irish boy band One Direction.

Nipple piercing

Nipple piercings are a type of body piercing located through the nipple. Nipple piercings are commonly horizontal (especially for a ring), but can also be vertical or at other angles. A ring in a vertical piercing would tend to twist or pull on the hole, and might become painful.


List of Xeon microprocessors (45 to 22 nm)

The following is a partial list of Intel Xeon microprocessors. Processors built using 45 nm to 22 nm process nodes are included.

All models support: "MMX, XD bit, SSE, SSE2, SSE3, SSSE3, SSE4.1, SSE4.2, x64, SpeedStep, Turbo Boost, Smart Cache, VT-x, EPT, VT-d, TXT, ECC"























List of Xeon microprocessors (14 nm and smaller)

The following is a partial list of Intel Xeon microprocessors. It includes the processors built with a 14 nm or smaller architecture.














Xeon E-2186M & 2286M support Intel Thermal Velocity Boost.







Ula

Ula or ULA may refer to:


Julia (programming language)

Julia is a high-performance programming language, which is also meant to be easy (was considered a contradictory goal before), originally made with technical computing or with science in mind (like MATLAB), but it's a fully general-purpose language similar to e.g. Python, can be used for e.g. web development to building artificial intelligence.

Julia is a high-level language, which means a programmer can focus on what to do, but does not require knowledge of computer hardware. Writing programs in Julia takes less time than in some other languages.

Some state-of-the-art software has already been written in Julia, because it's considered easier to do then in the other popular languages. Some of it can also be used from other languages like Python or R. Julia was designed to be unusually easy to work with other languages, i.e. to benefit from code already written in other languages, to "reuse" their code.

Julia drew inspiration from other programming languages like Python, MATLAB, R, Ruby, Perl, Mathematica, Lisp, and C.

Julia works on the Raspberry Pi computer, i.e. is supported in Raspbian.

Julia is a high-level, high-performance, dynamic programming language. While it is a general-purpose language and can be used to write any application, many of its features are well suited for numerical analysis and computational science.

Distinctive aspects of Julia's design include multiple dispatch as its core programming paradigm. Julia supports concurrent, (composable) parallel and distributed computing. Julia uses a just-in-time (JIT) compiler, as Julia compiles code to machine code before running it.

Julia is garbage-collected, and includes efficient libraries for floating-point calculations, linear algebra, random number generation, and regular expression matching.

Julia supports calling C (and also e.g. Fortran or Rust) without , using the keyword codice_1. But it's also possible to call e.g. C++, Python, Java, MATLAB and R with help of Julia libraries for that purpose, and it's also possible to use those languages to call Julia, to reuse Julia libraries (that some of are state-of-the-art, such as SciML, made for , which includes e.g. that DifferentialEquations.jl package).



Artur Axmann

Artur Axmann was in charge of the Nazi youth. He was born in Hagen. He died in Berlin.

Richard Crafus

Richard Crafus, known as King Dick ( 1783 - 1835), was an American imprisoned by the British in Dartmoor Prison during the War of 1812. King Dick was a privateer who had been captured during the war. Although the prison held non-Americans, these were released around the end of the war. The Americans were held longer. In the prison, this tall African-American became the leader of black inmates after the white Americans successfully petitioned the prison administration for segregation. The prison division that King Dick led was Prison Number Four. According to memoirs written by white inmates, he ruled strictly and fairly. This meant that life in Prison Number Four more desirable than elsewhere in Dartmoor Prison. Because King Dick allowed whites to transfer to Number Four, many whites did so. In 1815, the British released the American prisoners of war.

Apparently, Crafus went to Boston. In that city, an African-American named King Dick taught boxing from 1826 through 1835. He also served as an auxiliary on the police department. "He led an annual procession around Boston Common on Election Day, after which he gave a patriotic speech." 

King Dick was at least six foot three, whereas the average height in the prison was only five foot six. He was "physically powerful and a masterful bare-knuckle boxer. He wore a bearskin grenadiers’ cap as a symbol of his authority." 

"Richard Crafus probably died around 1835." 





Flag of Gibraltar

The flag of Gibraltar was adopted in 1982, the flag is based on the coat of arms of Gibraltar that was granted by the Royal Warrant from Queen Isabella I of Castile on 10 July 1502.

Flags of Europe

This is a list of flags used in Europe.

Biltmore Estate

Biltmore Mansion, also called Biltmore House or the Biltmore Estate is a 175,000 square foot/17400 square meter palatial mansion in Asheville, North Carolina and the largest privately owned dwelling in the US. It's spread over seven levels and features an indoor winter garden/conservatory, 43 bathrooms (in an age where most people didn't even have one bathroom), 35 bedrooms, a Halloween-themed room, indoor swimming pool, and a two lane bowling alley, among other great amenities. Biltmore Mansion also has an intercom system for summoning domestic servants, and was one of the first residences in America to have electricity and running water. The house and surrounding estate was built for George Washington Vanderbilt 2.

Intercom

An intercom is a two-way communication apparatus for use within a localized area, such as inside a single building or compound.

Hearst Castle

Hearst Castle is a palatial complex in San Simeon, California that was commissioned by media magnate William Randolph Hearst. Hearst Castle consists of four dwellings; the main palace, Casa Grande, and three guest houses.

Land lot

In real estate, a land lot or simply lot, also called a plot, tract and the like, is the piece of land owned by a single entity and on which a building or buildings is or may be built.

Tenant

A tenant is a person who occupies a building or land - real estate- like an apartment, house or commercial property, especially if the occupants only lease or rent the unit.

Secondary suite

An accessory dwelling unit, guest house, inlaw apartment, guest cottage\cabin or granny flat is a house or apartment on the same land lot as a larger, main house. Such units are usually occupied by the owner's immediate family or overnight guests, sometimes, they may be home to domestic servants or non-related tenants in areas where zoning allows it.

Marquee

A marquee is a large tent used for hosting events.

Visidela

Visidela (The Fishing Net) () is a 1997 Sri Lankan romantic drama movie directed by H.D. Premaratne and starring W. Jayasiri, Anusha Sonali, Jackson Anthony, Daya Thennakoon, Daya Alwis, Robin Fernando, Mahendra Perera.


Contrary Condor

Contrary Condor or Donald Duck and the Egghunt or Donald Duck at the Egg Collector is a 1944 Donald Duck short film by Walt Disney Productions and RKO Radio Pictures.

The short opens on a map, with footprints belonging to Donald trailing across the border of North America to South America, making a trail through the Andes. Donald is seen climbing up a vertical side of the mountain with plungers on his feet, yodeling as he goes. He sees the nest, and quickly reaches the top, ready to take an egg from a condor. One condor hatchling has already hatched and starts squawking at Donald’s arrival, but Donald just tells the hatchling to shut up and shoves him back into his egg shell. When he spots Mother Condor flying overhead, Donald hides the other egg and hides in the other hatching’s shell, kicking the baby condor out. The mother lands and decides to sit on the egg in which Donald is hiding. The warmth she provides is almost too much for Donald, and he sweats profusely. The egg suddenly starts to crack, and he is nearly crushed by the condor. Thinking quickly, Donald decides to pretend he’s a condor. The mother is convinced, and gives Donald a hug, much to the surprise of the other hatchling.Mother Condor then sends her hatchlings off to learn how to fly. The hatchling pushes Donald off the tree branch, but he manages to hold on when his clothes catch a branch nearby, although he is not so lucky when a passing storm cloud starts to shower all over him. Mother Condor tries to teach Donald to fly, but Donald looks down and gets dizzy. He tries to slip away, but is spotted and brought back. Donald manages to convince her that he has a bum wing, and she starts cradling him. The hatchling gets jealous, and starts squawking for attention. Having had enough, he sends Donald flying into the air and he lands on a branch nearby. Trying to get out of his situation once and for all, Donald rigs up a decoy using branches and leaves, and sends it hurtling to the river below. Although Mother Condor tries to save her “hatchling,” she believes it to be too late when it falls into the river, and she starts sobbing on the nearby bank. Donald then takes the other condor egg, thinking himself victorious, but the other hatchling steals it from him. Donald takes it back, but falls down into the river, holding the egg protectively. Relieved to see him still alive, Mother Condor gathers Donald and the egg into her arms and coddles them. That night, egg, Donald, hatchling, and Mother Condor are nestled together, while Donald mutters angrily under his breath.



Don Donald

Don Donald is a 1937 American animated short film produced by Walt Disney Productions. It was released by United Artists.

Source:

The short was released on May 18, 2004 on "".

Additional releases include:


Modern Inventions

Modern Inventions is a 1937 American comic science fiction animated short film produced by Walt Disney Productions and released by United Artists.



The short was released on May 18, 2004 on "".

It was also released on VHS is 1985 on "Cartoon Classics: The Continuing Adventures of Chip 'n' Dale Featuring Donald Duck".


Self Control (movie)

Self Control is a 1938 animated short featuring Donald Duck. It was created in Technicolor by Walt Disney Productions and released in theaters on February 11, 1938, by RKO Radio Pictures. "Self Control" follows Donald trying to learn to control his temper by following the advice of a radio program.
"Self Control" was directed by Jack King, It includes the voice of Clarence Nash as Donald Duck and Florence Gill as the clucking voice of a chicken. The voice of Uncle Smiley is not credited.


The short was released on May 18, 2004, on "".


Scinax hayii

Hay's snouted tree frog ("Scinax hayii") is a frog that lives in Brazil.

The adult male frog is 28.7–35.1 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is 34.2–38.6. Its skin is pale green or brown with darker brown or darker green marks. There is webbing on the back feet but not on the front feet.

This frog lives in trees in primary forest and secondary forest. 

Niels of Denmark

Niels ( 1063 - 25 June 1134) was King of Denmark from 1104 until 1134 He was killed in a civil war. He was succeeded by Eric II of Denmark.

Völs am Schlern

Völs am Schlern () is a municipality in South Tyrol in northern Italy. It is about east of Bolzano.

Go, Dog. Go!

Go, Dog. Go! is a 1961 children's book by P. D. Eastman. It was later made into a series of the same name from Netflix.

RuPaul's Drag U

RuPaul's Drag U (as in "Drag University") is an American reality television series. It debuted July 19, 2010, on Logo TV. Its final episode aired in August 2012. It was hosted by RuPaul and a team of drag queen "professors". "Drag U" was a spin-off of "RuPaul's Drag Race". RuPaul confirmed on May 8, 2013 via Twitter that the series had been cancelled.
Contestants from "RuPaul's Drag Race" appear on "RuPaul's Drag U" as professors.


Kehkashan Basu

Kehkashan Basu () (born June 5, 2000) is an Emirati environmental and human rights activist. She also works for peace, children’s rights, education for sustainable development, nuclear disarmament, gender equality and climate justice. She is the Founder-President of Green Hope Foundation. It is the youngest Councillor of World Future Council. It is the youngest Trustee of the Parliament of the World's Religions. She is a KidsRights Youngsters member and winner of the International Children's Peace Prize 2016.

Kehkashan was born on June 5. At the age of 8, she started planting trees and organising young people for recycling programs. At the age of 11, she spoke at the TUNZA Children and Youth Conference in Indonesia. At the age of 12, she set a record as the youngest delegate to speak at a press conference at the United Nations Conference on Sustainable Development (Rio+20).
Basu attended the Deira International School in Dubai. She moved to Canada to study further. As of December 2020, it was a third-year for her at the University of Toronto. She is studying in environmental studies and minoring in gender studies and physical and environmental geography.

She founded the Green Hope Foundation in 2012. Her goal is teaching and regulating the UN's Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs). It includes grassroots action such as tree plantations. The organization also involves young people globally in the SDGs. It is through the community-focused projects in climate justice. It is associated with land degradation, sustainable consumption and renewable energy, and biodiversity conservation, as well as gender equality and social justice. As of now, it has more than 3000 members in total. Members are from across Canada, Suriname, United Arab Emirates, Oman, Qatar, Bahrain, United States, Indonesia, Malaysia, Cambodia, Australia, Kenya, The Bahamas, Chile, Vietnam, Seychelles, Sweden, The Netherlands, Democratic Republic of the Congo, Peru, Sri Lanka, India, Nepal, Bangladesh, Kiribati and Liberia. The organization works by conducting workshops and conferences around the regulation of the SDGs.
In 2017, she published the short story book "The Tree of Hope". It was in association with the illustrator Karen Webb-Meek. In the book, a young girl creates an oasis in a desert. She does so by planting trees and requesting friends to help her.

In 2021, Basu was a keynote speaker at the first annual Peace Education Day Conference, held online.



Banco Santander Rio

Banco Santander, formerly known as Santander Río in Argentina, is a financial services and commercial bank based in Spain. The bank is owned by Spanish bank Banco Santander The headquarter of the company in Buenos Aires, Argentina. it is the largest private bank in the country. The bank has 430 branches, 3.5million clients and more than 8,500 employees. The branches are in twenty-two provinces and in the Autonomous City of Buenos Aires.

The bank is the third largest in Argentina. It has deposits of about billion and a loan portfolio of US$3.8 billion. It operates 262 branches and employs more than eight 5 people in Argentina . It has a network of over 1500 Banelco ATMs. This is the largest network of ATMs in the country.

In June 2019, Santander Río changed its name to Santander. In October 2021, the bank launched the Argentine version of "Superdigital". It did this to increase mobile banking. It became the fourth country in Latin America to have it after Brazil, Chile and Mexico.

Its headquarters is the Banco Santander Argentina Building. It was formerly called the Banco Río de la Plata Building. The building is in downtown Buenos Aires. It was designed in 1977 and opened in 1983 to house the headquarters of Banco Español del Río de la Plata. It has fifteen floors and a height of . The name of the building was changed when the bank changed its name.

S.A. (corporation)

S.A or SA designates a type of limited company in certain countries, most of which have a Romance language as their official language and employ civil law.

As with bearer bonds, anonymous unregistered share ownership and dividend collection enabled money laundering, tax evasion, and concealed business transactions in general, so governments passed laws to audit the practice. Nowadays, shareholders of S.A.s are not anonymous, though shares can still be held by a holding company in order to obscure the beneficiary.


Lembah Subang LRT station

Lembah Subang LRT station is a train station in Petaling Jaya, Malaysia. 

Parliament of Montenegro

The Parliament of Montenegro is the unicameral legislature of Montenegro. The Parliament currently has 81 members, with each member elected to a four-year term. Members of the house are elected using proportional representation. The first parliament was created in 1906.

Dritan Abazović

Dritan Abazović (Cyrillic: Дритан Абазовић; born 25 December 1985) is a Montenegrin politician. He is the prime minister of Montenegro from 28 April 2022 until 31 October 2023. He is the leader of the United Reform Action party. He was deputy prime minister in the cabinet of Zdravko Krivokapić from 2020 until 2022.

In August 2022, a motion of no confidence against Abazović was passed in the Parliament of Montenegro, after a dispute with his coalition government over an agreement the government signed with the Serbian Orthodox Church.

Kōji Omi

Omi died on 14 April 2022 from pneumonia in Tokyo, Japan at the age of 89.

Pedro López (serial killer)

Pedro Alonso López (born 8 October 1948) is a Colombian serial killer and child rapist. He murdered about 110 young girls from 1969 to 1980 and claimed to have murdered over 350 victims across Colombia, Peru and Ecuador. He was released from a Colombian asylum in 1998.

López became known as the Monster of the Andes in 1980, when he led police to 53 graves in Ecuador. The victims were all girls between 9 and 12 years of age. In 1983, he was found guilty of the murder of 110 girls in Ecuador. He further confessed to another 240 murders in Peru and Colombia.

He is currently free and was deported to Mexico and now 75.

Judy Henske

Judith Anne Henske (December 20, 1936 – April 27, 2022) was an American folk singer-songwriter. Her 1963 recording of "High Flying Bird" was a well known folk-rock song. Her 1969 album "Farewell Aldebaran" was very popular.

Henske died on April 27, 2022 from a long-illness in Los Angeles, California at the age of 85.

Marcelo Tinelli

Marcelo Hugo Tinelli (San Carlos de Bolívar, April 1, 1960) is an Argentine television presenter, businessman, actor, radio host, sports journalist, sports director, philanthropist and television producer. He was the 20th president of Club Atlético San Lorenzo de Almagro from December 18, 2019 until his resignation on April 30, 2022.

During his television career, Tinelli has been the host and producer of humor and entertainment programs such as Rhythm of the night and Showmatch (ex Videomatch). Likewise, he began his career on the radio at a very young age, being a cadet in a sports program at the time. In addition, he is also one of the main audiovisual producers on various television channels in his country, among them, El Trece, which, first with the products of his former production company, Ideas del Sur, of which he was its founder and currently it is with LaFlia Contents, its new production company.

Marcelo is the only child of the marriage that was formed by María Esther Domeño (teacher, died in 1994) and Dino Tinelli (sports journalist, died in 1971); furthermore, he is the cousin of the musician Luciano "Tirri" Giugno; and grandson of José Domeño, who owned two newspapers.

In 1986, Tinelli married his first wife, Soledad Aquino, who comes from one of the most traditional families in San Isidro. They both met on "Badía y Compañía", a program by the well-remembered announcer and host Juan Alberto Badía, when he was doing the sports notes and she was working for the production, with the audience in what, at that time, was the main studio of the channel El Thirteen. With her he had two older daughters: Micaela (1988) and Candelaria (1990). In 1993 the couple separated.

In 1997 he married for the second time with the dancer and actress Paula Robles, whom he met during the recordings of the program he hosted, "Rhythm of the night", where she was one of the members of the dance group called "Las Tinelli". The couple had their children Francisco (1998) and Juana (2002). After 12 years, the couple divorced in 2009.

Some time later, in 2012, Marcelo currently met his current partner, the model and actress Guillermina Valdés, with whom they had Lorenzo, his fifth child.

He is the creator and president of production companies that generate unitary series, soap operas, and programs of general interest for television in his country and international television.



Neal Adams

Neal Adams (June 15, 1941 – April 28, 2022)was an American comic book artist. He was the co-founder of the graphic design studio Continuity Associates. Adams co-created the characters Ra's al Ghul, Man-Bat, and John Stewart for DC Comics.

Adams died on April 28, 2022 in New York City from problems caused by sepsis, aged 80.

Jean-Claude Fruteau

Jean-Claude Fruteau (6 June 1947 – 28 April 2022) was a French politician. He was a Member of the European Parliament for France's ""outre mer"" from 1999 to 2007. He was a member of the Socialist Party, which was part of the Party of European Socialists. Fruteau was a member of the National Assembly from 2007 until 2017. He was also Mayor of Saint-Benoît, Réunion from 2008 until his death.

Fruteau died on 28 April 2022 at the age of 74.

Nader Talebzadeh

Nader Talebzadeh Ordubadi (; 25 December 1953 – 29 April 2022) was an Iranian researcher, movie director and movie producer. He was known for his 2007 movie "The Messiah". Talebzadeh was born in Tehran, Iran. His career began in 1979.

Talebzadeh died on 29 April 2022 in Tehran from heart failure at the age of 68.

Abul Maal Abdul Muhith

Abul Maal Abdul Muhith (; 25 January 1934 – 30 April 2022) was a Bangladeshi economist, writer, and politician. He was Bangladesh's Finance Minister from January 2009 until January 2019. Muhith was also a member of the Jatiya Sangsad from 2009 until 2018. He was a member of the Awami League. Muhith was born in Sylhet, Bangladesh.

Muhith went in the hospital in Dhaka, Bangladesh in March 2022. He died on 30 April 2022 at the age of 88.

Imperial presidency

Arthur M. Schlesinger Jr. popularized the term "imperial presidency" during the Nixon administration in his 1973 book "Imperial presidency". The term implies the self-imposed rule by one leader or emperor within a constitutionally established government. Most would consider the U.S.A. government to be democratically controlled, but it is the constitution’s 3 branches (Executive, Judicial, and Legislative) that create and impose the of constitutionally upheld rule law. Though the U.S.A. is considered a democracy because it's constitution is a living document, malleable and changeable according to the interest of a democratically elected congress.

While only the Congress and Administrative branches are democratically elected by its legal voting citizens, the inclusion of all its people such as women, slaves, indentured servants, and men who didn't own land was only made possible 121 years after the Constitution came into force in 1789. This excludes the voter Rights Act of 1965.

Sea Ranch, California

Sea Ranch is an unincorporated community in Sonoma County, California, United States. At the 2020 census, 1,169 people lived there.

Robert B. Parker

Robert Brown Parker (September 17, 1932 – January 18, 2010) was an American writer. His most famous works were the 40 novels written about the fictional private detective Spenser.

Parker died suddenly of a heart attack at his home in Cambridge, Massachusetts, on January 18, 2010 a the age of 77.

Robin Tunney

Robin Tunney (born June 19, 1972) is an American actress. She is known for her movie roles in "Empire Records" (1995) and "The Craft" (1996). She also played Veronica Donovan on "Prison Break" (2005–2006) and Teresa Lisbon on the television series "The Mentalist" (2008–2015).

She is a cousin of Chicago Alderman Tom Tunney.

Flag of Prague

The flag of Prague, officially the flag of the capital city of Prague is one of the symbols of Prague.

Kim Keon-hee

Kim Keon-hee (; born 2 September 1972) is a South Korean businesswoman. She is the current First Lady of South Korea as the wife of President Yoon Suk-yeol. She is also currently the chief executive officer and president of the South Korean art exhibition company, Covana Contents.

Kim was born on 2 September 1972 in Yangpyeong, South Korea. She attended Myungil Girls' High School. She graduated from Kyonggi University with an art degree.

In 2009, Kim established Covana Contents, a company that specializes in art exhibitions. She has been the chief executive officer and president since then. In 2019, the media reported that she had allegedly not paid taxes. Kim has been investigated for allegedly taking kickbacks for hosting art exhibitions.

In 2021, there were reports that Kim had inflated her resume with connections to the New York University Stern School of Business. She later publicly apologized.

Kim married Yoon Suk-yeol in 2012. On 10 March 2022, when her husband was elected president of South Korea, Kim said that she preferred the term first spouse to first lady.

New Braunfels Independent School District

New Braunfels Independent School District (NBISD for short) is a public school district in New Braunfels, Texas.

Today's Special

Today's Special is a children's television programme 'produced by Anne Wood and Clive VanderBurgh at Ragdoll Productions and TVOntario, respectively.
A mannequin with a magic hat that makes him come to life when someone says "hocus pocus alimagocus".
The store's display designer.
An old man who's the store's security guard.
A mouse who speaks in a Welsh accent, living in the store all the time.

Mount Damavand

Mount Damavand is the tallest mountain in Iran and Western Asia, and the tallest volcano in Asia, and the third tallest volcano in the Eastern Hemisphere (after Mount Kilimanjaro and Mount Elbrus), at in total elevation. Mount Damavand is a dormant volcano in northern Iran about northeast of Iran's capital city of Tehran.

Students' union

A students' union or student union, sometimes called students' council, student government, free student union, student senate, students' association or guild of students is a student organization in many colleges, universities, and some high schools. In higher education, the students' union often has its own building on the campus, for social, and organizational activities. The students' union may have a voice in the running of the college. It may have its own staff. They often organise sports teams and entertainment. 

In many countries there is a national organisation of students. There is a European Students' Union which has 45 national unions of students from 40 countries.

Loss prevention

In retail, loss prevention is the personnel that stores typically have for the prevention (or more accurately, minimalization) of shoplifting.

Gated community

A gated community is a subdivision that has one or more gated entrances. Many people like living in gated subdivisions for the exclusivity and sense of security these neighborhoods offer. Dwellings in gated communities can be detached houses, semi-detached houses, terraced houses apartments, etc. These communities typically have regular (usually monthly) maintenance fees to pay for the gates, amenities, etc or these costs are typically built in to the rent in the case of rental communities. 

Amenities of gated communities can include

And many more.

Terraced house

A terraced house (in British English) or townhouse/townhome or rowhome (in North American English) is one of at least three attached dwellings in a single row. These houses are common in urban areas and typically have two or more storeys. Townhouse can also refer to a grand urban residence, especially one built in the 19th century and earlier such as brownstone houses.

Zareen Khan

Zareen Khan, birthly spelled as Zarine Khan, is an Indian actress and model who mainly working in the Hindi language movies. She has also appeared in Tamil, Telugu and Punjabi films. She made her debut in playing the role of a princess in 2010 war action drama film "Veer".

Brownstone house

A brownstone house or simply brownstone is a kind of townhouse common in large, historic cities like London, New York City and Boston. The term brownstone refers to the type of stone that some of these houses are built of, although these townhouses can also be built of other types of stone or brick. These houses tend to have at least four floors traditionally laid out with the raised basement or ground floor typically housing servants quarters, any casual recreational facilities and the utility rooms including the main kitchen. The main floor typically was one floor level above the ground floor, holding the formal rooms (dining room, parlour, withdrawing room, etc) and often called the piano nobile noble level or parlor floor.The floor level or levels above contained the bedrooms, more casual spaces and beginning in the late 19th century, bathrooms. Many of these brownstones now have been converted into small apartment buildings or rooming houses.

Piano nobile

The piano nobile, meaning noble floor is the main level of a palace, mansion or castle when the floor level is raised above the ground floor. This level often holds the most formal rooms.

Rooming house

A rooming house is an establishment, contained in a single family house that provides individual bedrooms for rent and may or may not include meals as part of the rental rate.

North American English

North American English is the collective term for the varieties of English spoken in the United States and Canada.

Semi-detached house

A semi-detached house or duplex (also twin home etc) is one of a pair of attached houses.

Security company

A private protection agency or security company is a business or department of a business for protecting people and property. Examples include bodyguard companies and retail loss prevention.

Twin Oaks Community, Virginia

Twin Oaks Community is a community in Virginia.

Alexandre de Beauharnais

Alexandre François Marie, Viscount of Beauharnais (28 May 1760 — 23 July 1794) was a French politician and general during the French Revolution. He was the first husband of Joséphine de Beauharnais, who later became Empress of the French through her marriage to Napoleon.

Beauharnais was born in Fort-Royal (now Fort-de-France), Martinique. He was the son of a governor, François de Beauharnais, Marquess de la La Ferté-Beauharnais, and his wife Marie Anne Henriette Françoise Pyvart de Chastullé. Beauharnais’ parents decided that it would be a good idea to arrange him to marry someone. And so he did on On 13 December 1779, in Paris to the 16 year old Joséphine Tascher de la Pagerie. There marriage was not happy as Beauharnais said he was only marrying "because his father forced him to do so." They had 2 children together, Eugène and Hortense. 

Beauharnais fought in Louis XVI’s army during the American Revolutionary War. He represented the French nobility in the Estates-General and was president of the National Constituent Assembly from June 19, 1791 to July 3, 1791 and again from 31 July to 14 August 1791. He was then made a general in 1792, during the French Revolutionary Wars. In 1793, he refused to become Minister of War. Later the same year, he was named General-in-Chief of the Army of the Rhine. 

On 2 March 1794, the Committee of General Safety ordered his arrest, accusing him of poorly defending Mainz during the siege of 1793, and because he was a part of the nobility. He was jailed at Carmes Prison and was sentenced to death during the Reign of Terror. His wife, Joséphine was arrested in the same prison on 21 April 1794. Joséphine survived, but Beauharnais was guillotined, together with his cousin Augustin, on the Place de la Révolution, only a week before the trial and execution of Maximilien Robespierre.

The Cock-Eyed World

The Cock-Eyed World is a 1929 American musical comedy movie directed by Raoul Walsh and is the sequel to "What Price Glory?". It stars Victor McLaglen, Edmund Lowe, Lili Damita, El Brendel and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


All-you-can-eat restaurant

An all-you-can-eat restaurant (AYCE) is a restaurant where any amount of food can be eaten for one price. They are often buffets.

Herbert "Herb" Cobb McDonald, a Las Vegas publicity and entertainment manager, introduced the idea in 1946. William Pearson talked about buffets in his 1965 novel "The Muses of Ruin":

A 2011 study showed more food is eaten if buffets cost more.

COVID-19 restrictions from March 2020 briefly closed many all-you-can-eat places.

Korean barbecue, Brazilian churrasco and Chinese hot pot are often all-you-can-eat.

Unlimited drinks, mostly alcoholic drinks, are "all-you-can-drink" or "bottomless", as in "bottomless brunch" or "bottomless mimosas".

Aleta Baun

Aleta Baun is an Indonesian environmental activist. She is known as the "Indonesian Avatar".

She won the 2013 Goldman Environmental Prize. It was for organizing hundreds of local villagers to peacefully live in the marble mining sites in “weaving protests”. It stopped destruction of sacred forest lands on Mutis Mountain on the island of Timor.

She is a leader of indigenous Mollo people. She was born to a family of farmers. She lost her mother at a young age. She was raised by other women and elders in the village. She was taught to respect the environment as a source of the spiritual identity and livelihood. As a community leader, she shares the traditional knowledge with others. She was also known as “Mama Aleta.”

Mama Aleta's work made her a target for the mining interests and local authorities. She survived from an attempt to be killed. Once Mama Aleta even went into hiding in a forest with her baby.

Mama Aleta grew the movement to include hundreds of villagers. It is associated with a weaving occupation. 150 women spent a year sitting on the marble rocks at the mining site. They quietly wove their traditional clothes in protest. Women were traditionally responsible for getting food, dye and medicine from the mountains. Mining in these mountains would have directly impacted their livelihoods. While the women protested at the mine, the men provided domestic support at home, cooking, cleaning and caring for the children.

Among the villagers’ peaceful presence, marble mining became increasingly undeniable for the companies involved. Public awareness of the weaving occupation was growing. Indonesian government officials took notice. By 2010, the mining companies started reacting to the pressure. They started mining at all four sites within the Mollo territories. They stopped their operations.

Mama Aleta now helps communities across West Timor to map their traditional forests. She works in water security and indigenous peoples' natural resource management and land rights.

Super Trucks

Super Trucks Racing (or simply as Super Trucks in Europe and Japan) is an racing game developed by Jester Interactive and published by XS Games exclusively on PlayStation 2. All drivers and sponsorship information are based on the 2001`"Super Trucks" racing series.

Niloufar Bayani

Niloufar Bayani (born 1986; ) is an Iranian wildlife conservationist, researcher and activist. She was sentenced in 2019 of spying by Iranian authorities in a secret trial in Iran. She received a 10-year prison sentence.

Niloufar Bayani was born in 1986 in Tehran, Iran. Bayani completed her graduation in 2009 from McGill University in Canada. Her degree was in BSc in Biology. She got an MA degree in Conservation Biology from Columbia University.

After graduation, Bayani worked as a consultant and project adviser to United Nations Environment Programme (UNEP) between 2012 and 2017.

In the summer of 2017, she joined the Persian Wildlife Heritage Foundation (PWHF). It was an Iranian environmental organization. It was co-founded by Kavous Seyed-Emami and other Iranian environmentalists. PWHF is a not-for-profit organization. It is controlled by a board of trustees and an executive board. These members are well talented in conservation techniques and natural resource management. In Iran, she worked on the wildlife projects. It was setting camera traps in 7 places to look after the critically endangered Asiatic cheetah.

Bayani was arrested in January 2018 by the Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps. She was charged of spying. Others arrested and imprisoned from PWHF are Seyed-Emami, Amir Hossein Khaleghi, Abdolreza Kouhpayeh, Hooman Jokar, Morad Tahabaz, Sam Rajabi, Sepideh Kashani and Taher Ghadirian. 

In 2019, Bayani wrote an open letter to Ayatollah Khamenei. In the letter, she was describing her extremely bad treatment by her investigators. On February 18, 2020, published letters that Bayani wrote from Evin Prison. In the letter, she detailed the tortures she suffered. According to a report from the BBC, she was separated for eight months and her questioners tortured and threatened her with sexual assault. Bayani said that her investigators showed her a photo of Seyed-Emami. The body of Seyed-Emami was found in his prison cell two days after his arrest. The associated officials claimed that Seyed-Emami had committed suicide.

She was sentenced in 2020 without a lawyer. It was despite her claims.

On March 14, 2019 the European Parliament announced that the Iranian government is violating the human rights, freedom of expression, fair trial, freedom of the press, freedom of thought and freedom of religion. In particular, the document refers to the case of Bayani and the other environmentalists in point 14. They were asking the Iranian authorities to release all the individuals. These individuals were unfairly tortured in their prisons for false charges of crimes.

The 's , on January 28, 2020, published a Report on the conditions of human rights in Iran. It expresses the concern of the . It was regarding the conditions of respect of the fundamental human rights. It relates to the case of the eight unlucky environmentalists, including Bayani. She is accused of "collaborating with the United States enemy state". She also been charged to refund the income received as a consultant and project adviser to United Nations Environment Programme (UNEP) between 2012 and 2017. The Rapporteur invited the Iranian authorities to ensure the respect of the work. It was followed by the scientific community for the benefits of the Iranian country.

Scholars at Risk (SAR) is an international network of institutions and individuals. It promotes academic freedom and protect scholars from academic freedom threats. SAR has been actively supporting Bayani. They were sending letters to public authorities in Iran. They were running many meetings in universities. They were organising many online activities through social networks.

Following Bayani's exposition of the sexual and psychological harassment of the investigators, the Tehran Prosecutor's Office rejected the charges. The Office was claiming that all the questioning procedures had been videotaped. They further said that the videos were linked with the issue to accusations and planned actions just before the election. It claimed that the judiciary was sensitive to the honour of defendants, convicts and prisoners.

The exposition of the behavior of the intelligence investigators to Bayani was widely reported on social media. In a statement on Twitter, the Iranian reformist political activist Mostafa Tajzadeh called for the truth in Bayani's case. He was also asking for the punishment of the violators.


Law of truly large numbers

The law of truly large numbers (a statistical comment), says that with a large enough number of independent samples, any result with constant probability formula_1 is likely to be seen. We may highlight unlikely events and notice them more. 

The law is often used to falsify different pseudo-scientific claims.

Scinax quinquefasciatus

Fowler's snouted tree frog ("Scinax quinquefasciatus") is a frog that lives in Colombia, Ecuador, and Peru. Human beings accidentally brought it to the Galapagos Islands. Scientists have seen it as high as 620 meters above sea level.

The adult male frog is 27.6–38.2 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is 33.9–38.9 mm long. This frog can be in different colors. It can be light brown or dark brown with darker marks and other patterns. Its belly is the color of cream.

This frog sometimes has a mark on its stomach that looks like five lines coming out from the same middle. Its Latin name means "five rays."

Patrick Strzoda

Patrick Strzoda (; born 5 January 1952) is a the current chief of staff at the Élysée Palace of Emmanuel Macron. Strzoda is currently the representative of the French Co-prince of Andorra.

Bennettitales

Bennettitales (also known as cycadeoids) is an extinct order of seed plants.

They first appeared in the Permian period and became extinct in most places toward the end of the Cretaceous. Bennettitales are among the most common Mesozoic seed plants. They looked like shrubs or cycads. 

Although the leaves of the Bennettitales looked like that of cycads, they had more complex flower-like reproductive organs. So some of them were probably pollinated by insects.

Certainly Bennettitales were cone-bearing seed plants. However, their relationship to other seed plants is unclear.

Archaeopteris

Archaeopteris is an extinct genus of progymnosperm tree with fern-like leaves. This tree is found in strata from the Upper Devonian to Lower Carboniferous. 

For a while, 383 to 323 million years ago, it was the dominant tree all over the Earth. They had a world-wide distribution. On all the land areas that were habitable, they all had this tree.

Until the 2007 discovery of "Wattieza", many botanists thought "Archaeopteris" was the earliest known tree. It has buds, reinforced branch joints, and branched trunks similar to today's wood. It is more like modern seed-bearing trees than other spore-bearing plants. It is a bit like woody trees and herbaceous ferns. These extinct plants are sometimes called the progymnosperms. They are plants with gymnosperm-like wood but which produce spores rather than seeds.

Because it bears spores. it is an ancestor of the gymnosperms.

Anglophone nationalism in Cameroon

Anglophone nationalism in Cameroon is a nationalist movement in the Northwest and Southwest regions of Cameroon, which advocates for greater autonomy for those regions, if not outright independence. Anglophone nationalism also seeks to preserve and promote English-speaking Cameroon's specific and distinctive identity and values : its legal, administrative, educational and cultural institutions inherited from British colonialism. 

On 1 September 1961, the Franco-Cameroonian parliament voted in favour of the new constitution. It was essentially the version for the Foumban conference, drafted beforehand by Ahidjo and his French advisers. To be binding under international law, it should also have been voted on by the parliament of the Southern Cameroons. This did not happen. 

The absence of intergovernmental agreement and compromise is cited by pro-independence representatives of Ambazonia as a key feature of the illegality of the union. Another concern mentioned is that the federal constitution gives the impression that former French Cameroon has taken over Southern Cameroons. To achieve this, it chooses the detour of the federation form.

The French president at the time, Georges Pompidou, referred to Southern Cameroons as a small gift from the Queen of England to France. Contrary to the United Nations General Assembly's binding resolution 1514 (XV) of December 14, 1960, on the granting of independence to all colonial peoples and countries, Britain transferred Southern Cameroons to the sovereignty of a foreign country, French Cameroon, and not to the government of Southern Cameroons, as required by international law. On September 30, British administrators left Cameroon and the French government. On September 30, the British administrators left the Southern Cameroons. The next day, the French-Cameroonian army crossed the border. They disarmed the armed police in Southern Cameroons. It is described as a seizure of power by force. A Franco-Cameroonian official was appointed to the position of Governor General of Southern Cameroons. His official title was Federal Inspector of Administration. He reported directly to the President of French Cameroon. A series of other Franco-Cameroonian officials followed, including later his police force, which literally took over Southern Cameroons.

In a memorandum dated March 20, 1985, the Anglophone lawyer and president of the Cameroonian Bar Association, Fongum Gorji Dinka, wrote that Biya's government was unconstitutional and announced that the former Southern Cameroons should become independent as the Republic of Ambazonia. Dinka was imprisoned the following January without trial and thus became a "martyr" to the separatist cause. The name Ambazonia was used to refer to the country's independence. The name Ambazonia was used in 1984 by Fon Gorji-Dinka (leader of the Ambazonia advocacy group), when the parliament and government of the Republic of Cameroon changed the name of the country from the "United Republic of Cameroon" to the "Republic of Cameroon", based on the name of the pre-reunification French-speaking Cameroon, the "République du Cameroun". For some, including Gorji-Dinka, Bernard Fonlon and Carlson Anyangwe, especially in the former British Cameroons, this meant the dissolution of the personal union of 1961. It was in this sense that from 1984 onwards, Ambazonia was declared as an intervention by the people of Southern Cameroon to restore the statehood of the former British territory of Southern Cameroon, which Ambazonia saw not as a fait accompli of a single Cameroonian state, but as an opportunity to engage the two states in a "constitutional review" of their relations after 1984. The Gorji-Dinka group believed that "by operation of law" there should be equal participation of the two states that formed the defunct federation in a new vision of relations between their countries (the Republic of Cameroon and Southern Cameroon). In the document, called the "New Social Order", Ambazonia's proposal for the Confederation of Independent Cameroon-Ambazonia Nations (CACIN) was summarily rejected by the Republic of Cameroon. Instead, the leader of the Ambazonia Restoration Council (ARC), Fon Gorji-Dinka, was arrested and tried for treason for demanding the continued sovereignty of "Southern Cameroonians" in the Republic of Ambazonia.

In 1992, Fongum Gorji Dinka, on behalf of the State of the Republic of Ambazonia, filed a lawsuit against the Republic of Cameroon and President Paul Biya on the main charge of illegal and forced occupation of the Republic of Cameroon since the dissolution of the United Republic of Cameroon in 1984 and the declaration of the Republic of Ambazonia. This trial was registered in the High Court of Bamenda, in the northwestern region of Cameroon, under number HCB28/92. There are conflicting reports on the outcome of this case.

In 1994, John Ngu Foncha and Salomon Tandeng Muna, both former prime ministers of Western Cameroon, returned to the United Nations in New York and called for autonomy for English-speaking Cameroon. The mission to the UN preceded the All Anglophone Conference (AAC I) held in Buea, which brought together all the citizens of Anglophone Cameroon who unanimously called for the restoration of statehood to Western Cameroon.11 A second Anglophone Conference (AAC II) was held in Buea in November 2007. A second Anglophone conference (AAC II) was held in Bamenda, where the decisions of AAC I were reiterated and French Cameroon was given "reasonable time" to accept a return to the federation of the two states, failing which the people of English-speaking Cameroon would have no choice but to restore their statehood and independence. However, the implementation of the AAC-I and AAC-II was paralyzed by the brutal arrests and imprisonment of AAC leaders and the flight into exile of several others.

In 2005, the Republic of Ambazonia became a member of the Unrepresented Nations and Peoples Organization (UNPO), which was renewed in 2018.13 In a 2005 ruling by the United Nations Court of Human Rights, the Republic of Ambazonia was declared a member of UNPO. In a 2005 ruling by the UN Court of Human Rights (International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights), in its communication 1134/2002, the UN Court of Human Rights ruled in favor of compensating Fon Gorji-Dinka for the human rights violations committed against him and for the assurances he received regarding the enjoyment of his civil and political rights.

On August 31, 2006, the Southern Cameroons Peoples Organisation (SCAPO) formally proclaimed the independence of the Republic of Ambazonia, which includes the disputed territory of Bakassi.


Dyhia Belhabib

| agent = 
| notable_works = 
Dyhia Belhabib is an environmental scientist and researcher. She is specialised in illegal fishing, conservation, artisanal fishing and food security. As of now, she is a main fishery investigator for Ecotrust Canada. She is the founder of Spyglass. Her research has studied the relationship between fishing industries and the illegal drug trade. She has also found the conflict between artisanal fishing, illegal fishing, climate change and international fishing subsidies. She also stood for the decolonization and greater equity in ocean science.

Mabel Cañada Zorrilla

Mabel Cañada Zorrilla (b. 1952) is a Spanish environmentalist. She is an antimilitarist and . She is the founder of the ecovillage of Lakabe. It is a town recovered in 40 years ago and united into the "Iberian Ecovillage Network".

Mabel Cañada was born in the Santutxu neighborhood of Bilbao in 1952. She is a daughter of Ángel, a Burgos glassmaker and Isabel, a Balmasedana. She stopped studying nursing to take care of her father. She is the second child of the five sisters and two brothers. She is a mother of 4 children. She is active in groups such as the (MOC). It is the feminist movement. She is also active in groups against large infrastructures like nuclear power plants or the Itoiz reservoir in Navarra.

She was one of the founders of the community of Lakabe (Navarra) in 1980. It is an unpopulated town that was later recovered. In the place, coexistence is based on self-management, self-sufficiency, self-consumption, mutual help and team work.

Cañada has been trained in many ways to create collectivity. She is taught to express oneself in a group, to live in community, to organise structures allowing horizontal decision-making, in process facilitation, experimental education and non-violent communication. It has also been formed in other communities such as Findhorn.

Since 2004, she has been providing many changes to the processes, performances from many situations for social groups. She has accompanied them in their own processes. She has taught them the courses and workshops.

Vercors (writer)

Vercors (born 26th February 1902 in Paris; died 10th June 1991) was a French writer. His real name was Jean Marcel Adolphe Bruller. During the Second World War he was part of the French resistance. Today, he is known for his caricatures and his book Le Silence de la mer (the silence of the sea), which he published in 1942.

Santikos Theatres

Santikos Theatres (also known as Santikos Entertainment) is a Texan movie theater and entertainment center chain based in San Antonio, Texas.

Wolves of the Air

Wolves of the Air is a 1927 American silent action movie directed by Francis Ford and starring Johnnie Walker, Lois Boyd, Maurice Costello, Mildred Harris, Gayne Whitman, Billy Bletcher. It was distributed by Sterling Pictures.

Arizona Bound (1927 movie)

Arizona Bound is a 1927 American western movie directed by John Waters and starring Gary Cooper, Betty Jewel, El Brendel, Jack Dougherty, Christian J. Frank, Charles Cockett. It was distributed by Paramount Pictures and is a lost movie.


Children of Divorce (1927 movie)

Children of Divorce is a 1927 American romantic drama movie directed by Josef von Sternberg and Frank Lloyd and was based on the 1927 novel of the same name by Owen Johnson. It stars Clara Bow, Esther Ralston, Gary Cooper, Norman Trevor, Hedda Hooper, Einar Hanson, Edward Martindel, Iris Stuart and was distributed by Paramount Pictures.


Négritude

The Negritude was a movement that occurred in the mid 20th century in Senegal. The movement was lead by Leopold Sedar Senghor, the president of Senegal at the time (1960-1980). It was a literary and political movement. Many black writers joined. Most were French-speaking

Joan Carling

Joan Carling (born 1963) is an indigenous Filipino human rights activist and environmentalist. She has protected the rights of the native and discriminated peoples for over twenty years. She has served as Secretary General of the Asia Indigenous Peoples Pact (AIPP). She was a chairperson of the Cordillera People's Alliance in the Philippines. Carling has also contributed to the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change. She has also contributed to the . She has served as a member of the United Nations Permanent Forum on Indigenous Issues (UNPFii). In September 2018, she was given the Champions of the Earth Lifetime Achievement Award from the United Nations Environment Programme. It was in recognition of her work as an environmentalist and a defender of human rights.

She was born on 30 June 1963 in Baguio City. She is the daughter of a half-Japanese, half-Kankanaey father and a Kankanaey mother. The Kankanaey people belongs to the . They are based in the Mountain Province in the mountain range. After completing high school, she studied social sciences at the . She has specialized in sociology. She graduated in 1986.

While still at college, in 1984 she fell extremely sad with the murder of Macli-ing Dulag. The victim had been campaigning against the Chico River Dam Project. It was in order to protect the native Kalinga people. She attended his memorial in Sadanga. For the next three years after this, she joined in efforts towards community integration. She became a human rights activist in .

In 1989, she attended a conference on ethnocide and militarization in Mindanao. During that time, she was one of 16 delegates to be arrested. It was because they were members of the Communist New People's Army. After a number of protests, they were finally released. In 1998, she campaigned against the construction of the . On returning to Baguio, she joined the Cordillera Peoples Alliance. She became the Secretary General in 1997 and Chair from 2003 to 2006.

From September 2008, she served for two periods as Secretary General of the AIPP. She was representing its 47-member organization. She has written and edited publications on human rights, climate change, forest conservation, sustainable development and indigenous women. From 2014 to 2016, she served as member of the UNPFii. In 2014, she edited "Her Story of Empowerment, Leadership and Justice". It was on indigenous women in Asia. It was published by AIPP.

She took the role of the Co-convener of the Indigenous Peoples Major Group on the Sustainable Development Goals. In February 2018, she was called as a terrorist by the Filipino authorities. It was for an alleged connection with the Communist Party of the Philippines and the New People's Army.

In September 2018, she received the Champions of the Earth Lifetime Achievement Award from the United Nations Environment Programme. It was in recognition of her work as an environmentalist and a defender of human rights.

Carling was one of the Filipino women importantly shown in an honour to female game changers at Irish rock band U2's 2019 Joshua Tree Tour during its Manila leg.


Ana Colovic Lesoska

Ana Čolović Lešoska (born c.1979) is a Macedonian biologist. Since 2011, she has campaigned against the construction of dams for hydroelectric power production in the Mavrovo National Park. It was in order to protect the threatened species, including the Balkan lynx. This led to the removal of loans from the World Bank and the European Bank for Reconstruction and Development (EBRD). It was convincing the Government of North Macedonia to hold on the further works on dams in the national park. For her works, in April 2019, she was awarded the Goldman Environmental Prize.
Colovic Lesoska heard about plans to create hydroelectric power facilities in Mavrovo in 2010. They included the 33m-high dam and the 70m-high dam. She was an executive director of Eko-svest. It was a Macedonian environmental research centre. It was in collaboration with other NGOs and activists. She launched the "Save Mavrovo" campaign. In November 2011, she complained about the ERBD. She explained that they had approved a loan for the Boškov Most project without conducting the required biodiversity assessment. She encouraged the ambassadors of countries with representatives on the EBRD board. She encouraged them to push for an end to the funding. A petition she launched was urging the government. They were urging the ERBD and the World Bank to bring the projects to a close. It was supported by almost 100,000 signatures.

In 2013, she complained to the Berne Convention on the Conservation of European Wildlife and Natural Habitats. She explained that the Boškov Most hydropower project "could have a decisive negative impact on the lynx". In December 2015, the Berne Convention ordered the ERBD and the World Bank to hold on the financing as the project could have "a decisive negative impact on the lynx". The World Bank immediately remove funding. During the following month of May, a court decided to stop the environmental permit for the Boškov Most project. In January 2017, the EBRD cancelled financing.

For her achievements, in April 2019 Ana Colovic Lesoska was given the Goldman Environmental Prize. It was the first time the prize had been awarded to a North Macedonian.


Autonomous University of Barcelona

The Autonomous University of Barcelona (also known as UAB) is a public university of Spain created in 1968 and located in Bellaterra, Sardanyola del Vallés, Catalonia.

UAB has 105 degrees, 328 postdegrees programs and 90 PhD programs.

During October 2021, UAB servers felt down during COVID-19 pandemic.

During December 2018, some students got a death threat. This is because UAB is consider to be ideologized to the left-wing, supporting Catalan independence and Pere Aragonès movement.

Rector (academia)

A rector of a university is the leader of the administration of the university.

Francisco Javier Lafuente

Francisco Javier Lafuente Sancho (Barcelona, 1960) is from 2020 the rector of the Autonomous University of Barcelona.

Rector of the Autonomous University of Barcelona

The Rector of the Autonomous University of Barcelona is the highest managing person at the Autonomous University of Barcelona.

Scinax pachycrus

The Pocao snouted tree frog ("Scinax pachycrus") is a frog that lives in northeastern Brazil.

Phoebus cartel

The Phoebus cartel was formed by Osram, General Electric, Associated Electrical Industries and Phillips among others in 1925.

The cartel lowered operational costs and worked to standardize the life expectancy of light bulbs at 1,000 hours (down from 2,500 hours)

Kathryn L. Cottingham

Kathryn Linn Cottingham is an ecologist, evolutionist, environmentalist and social scientist. 
She is a Professor of Ecology, Evolution, Environment and Society in the John Sloan Dickey Center for International Understanding at Dartmouth College. She is a Fellow of the Ecological Society of America and American Association for the Advancement of Science. From 2020, she serves as editor-in-chief of the journal "".

Cottingham got her bachelor's degree at Drew University in 1990. Here, she studied mathematics and biology. 
She played lacrosse and field hockey. Cottingham played Lacrosse in the National Collegiate Athletic Association Division III Tournament during her first season. She was on the team that won the 1988 championship. She was the only NCAA Division III athlete to earn one of the Disney Scholar-Athlete Awards. 
She went to the University of Wisconsin–Madison for her graduation. She got her master's and doctoral degrees at there. Her supervisor was . She was supported by a National Collegiate Athletic Association postgraduate fellowship. Her PhD research in the Center for Limnology evaluated the effects of nutrients and the food web structure on plankton. She was one of the first groups of the postdoctoral researchers at the National Center for Ecological Analysis and Synthesis. Here, she made early warning indicators. She also made many ways to study community activities.

Cottingham studies the activities of lake plankton communities and relationships between and aquatic ecosystems. She joined the teaching staffs at Dartmouth College in 1998. She has studied the reasons that cyanobacteria occur. She also studied about the results of the algal blooming in low nutrient clear-water lakes. She has studied many ways to manage the growth of these blooms and control the negative effects of them on ecosystems. Cottingham showed that cyanobacterial blooms create their own favourable environments. It is driving and cycling. Else, the results are . She has started work with computer scientists to use big information and artificial intelligence. It is to know about the cyanobacteria across the . The information will be collected using robotic boats, buoys and drones along with cameras.
Cottingham also works on environmental health. She worked about the occurrence of arsenic in food and drinking water. Her 2012 research on pregnant women's rice consumption and arsenic exposure was selected by the National Institute of Environmental Health Sciences (NIEHS) as one of the most important papers of the year. According to her studies, women who ate rice had considerably higher urinary arsenic concentrations than those who did not eat rice. She went on to show that white wine, beer, Brussels sprouts and salmon increased arsenic levels in humans.

From 2017 to 2019 Cottingham was a National Science Foundation Program Director in the Division of Environmental Biology. She returned to Dartmouth College in 2019. Cottingham is involved with several public engagement projects. It includes acting as Vice Chair of the Science Advisory Boards of the Lake Sunapee Protective Association and Jefferson Project at Lake George.



Cottingham is the Editor-in-Chief of "".

Faiza Darkhani

Faiza Darkhani (born c. 1992) is an Afghan environmentalist, women's rights activist and educator. In the year 2021, she was a part of the list. It includes the most inspiring and influential women in the world. Darkhani is one of the few scholars of climate change in Afghanistan. Formerly, she was the director of the National Environmental Protection Agency in .

She studied in the Badakhshan University. Later, she studied at University of Putra Malaysia (also known as Universiti Putra Malaysia). She graduated with a degree in landscape architecture. Her research focuses on the sustainable management of urban landscapes. She also researched on the relationship between urban agriculture and food security. 

Martha Delgado Peralta

Martha Delgado Peralta (born April 26, 1969) is a Mexican environmentalist and civil servant. Since December 1, 2018, she has served as Undersecretary for Multilateral Affairs and Human Rights of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs.

Martha Delgado has a degree in Pedagogy from the Intercontinental University. She graduated from the Program for Advanced Studies in Sustainable Development and the Environment LEAD from El Colegio de México. She has a certificate in Environmental Policy and International Development from Harvard University. She is currently doing graduation. 
Martha Delgado has carried out uninterrupted work in the environmental sector. It was both in the Federal Public Administration (1991 to 1998). It was directing civil society organizations. It was dedicated to the environment (1998 to 2003) and was an Independent Deputy in the III Legislature of the Assembly Legislative of the Federal District (2003 to 2006). From 1993 to 1998, she served as advisor to the Presidency of the National Institute of Ecology. She was in charge of the process of decentralization of environmental management. Later, she participated in the social management of new decrees of Natural Protected Areas. During her working, an important stage of environmental management at the subnational level was founded. A legal protection of important ecosystems was also founded in Mexico. Some of the orders in which she participated were the Huatulco National Park and the Sierra Gorda Biosphere Reserve. Between 1998 and 2003, she chaired the organizations Presencia Ciudadana Mexicana AC. It is one of the main associations for citizen participation and electoral observation in Mexico. It is the Union of Environmental Groups IAP. It brings together a hundred environmental organizations from all over the country. In Citizen Presence, she organized the deployment of 1,500 electoral observers. It was achieving the most accurate independent quick count in the 2000 Presidential election. She was leading the Union of Environmental Groups. She was able to stop the construction of the largest salt mine in the world in Baja California, in the Laguna de San Ignacio. It was the birthplace of gray whales, a threatened and endangered species. She was an Independent Deputy from 2003 to 2006 in the III Legislature of the Legislative Assembly of the Federal District. It is a position she has under the extinct Mexico Possible party. As an Independent Deputy, she created and chaired the Special Commission for Integrated Water Management. She presided over the Secretariat of the Environment of the Federal District from 2006 to 2012.

Nike Doggart

Nike Doggart is a British environmental activist, conservationist and writer.

Doggart has completed her MA and MSc degrees in education. She studied at Christ Church, Oxford and at University College, London. She began her career as a marine conservationist in Belize. Her research work is mainly based in the forests of Tanzania. Her works have discovered many new species. New species include a frog from the Eastern Arc Mountains. The species is named after her as "Arthroleptis nikeae".

Doggart is an advisor to the Tanzania Forest Conservation Group. She has successfully made the Tanzanian government to protect water and forestry resources. She made the government to promote environmentally sustainable forms of economic development. One of her most successful programs is the introduction of sustainable butterfly farming. It was for women living near the Amani Nature Reserve.

Doggart was a presenter and advisor on the BBC's "Villages on the Front Line". It was broadcasted in the year 2006. She is the Editor of "The Arc Journal".Preprint including front page naming editors


Armenians in Turkey

Armenians in Turkey (; , romanized: Hayery T’urk’iayum; "Turkish Armenians"), are ethnic Armenians living in Turkey. 

They have an estimated population of 50,000 to 70,000, down from a population of over 2 million Armenians between the years 1914 and 1921. Until the Armenian genocide of 1915, most of the Armenian population of Turkey lived in the eastern parts of the country that Armenians call Western Armenia. Today, the overwhelming majority of Turkish Armenians are concentrated in Istanbul. 

They support their own newspapers, churches and schools, and the majority belong to the Armenian Apostolic Church and a minority of Armenians in Turkey belong to the Armenian Catholic Church or to the Armenian Evangelical Church.

Of the 60,000 Christian Armenians living in Turkey, 45,000 live in Istanbul. Today, in the Kumkapı quarter in Fatih, Istanbul, the various churches Armenian, Greek Orthodox and Syriac as well as the Armenian Patriarchate of Turkey. In some ways, the quarter has even regained its reputation as an Armenian quarter. Yet, the majority of Armenians residing in Kumkapı today are immigrants from Armenia, while of the original Armenian population, only a few individuals still call Kumkapı their home. The Armenian population in Turkey, which makes up the largest Christian community in the country, "resembles an iceberg melting in the sea" with its some 60,000 members, the newly elected Armenian Apostolic Patriarch of Istanbul has said. At present, the Armenian community in Istanbul has 20 schools (including the Getronagan Armenian High School), 17 cultural and social organizations, three newspapers ("Agos", "Jamanak", "Marmara"), two sports clubs (Şişlispor, Taksimspor). 

According to Mihran Prgiç Gültekin, the head of the Union of Dersim Armenians, around 75% of the population in villages of Dersim are "converted Armenians." The greater part of hidden Armenians of Dersim, according Gultekin, is afraid that the nationalist regime may be back and may repress them. Currently over 200 families have announce their Armenian descent in Dersim, Gultekin said. In April 2013, Aram Ateşyan, the acting Armenian Patriarch of Istanbul, stated maybe that 90% of Tunceli (Dersim)'s population is of Armenian origin. In 2015, a group of citizens in Dersim (Tunceli) established the Dersim Armenians and Alevis Friendship Association (DERADOST). The opening ceremony of the association was attended by Hüseyin Tunç, then Deputy Mayor of Tunceli, Yusuf Cengiz, President of Tunceli Chamber of Commerce and Industry, representatives of non-governmental organisations and some citizens. On the 100th anniversary of the Armenian Genocide, president of the association Serkan Sariataş said that the state should face its past history as soon as possible. In 2015, 12 crypto-Armenians from Dersim baptized in Istanbul. The districts of Mazgirt, Nazımiye and Çemişgezek had a large Armenian population during the Ottoman period. A large part of this population must have been deported out of Anatolia with the deportation order of 1915. It is likely that the remaining population migrated to Western Anatolia. Through the 20th century, an many of Armenians living in the mountainous region of Dersim had converted to Alevism. During the Armenian genocide, many of the Armenians in the region were saved by their Kurdish neighbors.

In 2014, Armenians from Muş established an association. Daron Moush Armenians Solidarity Social Tourism Association made an official application after the formation of a board of seven members. The association, which started its activities in Muş and started accepting members, elected its president next week. Speaking at the foundation ceremony of the Daron Muş Armenians Solidarity, Social and Tourism Association, board member Armen Galustyan said, "Regardless of religion, Armenianism is a race, a nation, just like the Turks, Kurds and Arabs. Armenianhood is not an enmity."

Vakıflı, located in the Samandağ district of Hatay province of Turkey, is the only Armenian village in Turkey with a population of 100 people, all of whom are Armenians. The entire village population is Armenian. 

The Hemshin people, also known as Hemshinli or Hamshenis or Homshetsi, are an numerically small group of Sunni Muslim Armenians who had been converted from Christianity in the beginning of the 18th century who are affiliated with the Hemşin and Çamlıhemşin districts in the province of Rize, Turkey. They are Armenian in origin, and were originally Christian and members of the Armenian Apostolic Church, but over the centuries evolved into a distinct ethnic group and converted to Sunni Islam after the conquest of the Ottomans of the region during the second half of the 15th century. 

Sason

An Armenian minority may still live in Sason (according to an estimate which was made in 1972, about 6,000 Armenian villagers were still living in the region).

Most Armenians in Turkey speak Turkish, not Armenian, and this rate rises to 92 percent among young people. On 21 February 2009, International Mother Language Day, a new edition of the "Atlas of the World's Languages in Danger" was released by UNESCO in which the [Western] Armenian language in Turkey was defined as a definitely endangered language, Also, Hamsheni, a branch of Western Armenian, was classified separately language. Some Muslim Hamshenis, influenced by the fact that the Homshetsi dialect of Armenian is preserved as the spoken language in their circles, accept the fact that they are of Armenian origin. However, Hamshenis in Rize have mostly forgotten their mother tongue and they speak Turkish. 

The Armenian-speaking population in Turkey according to censuses
Music culture especially developed among the Hamshenis. The first music album made by Homshetsi dialect is "Vova", which consists of anonymous folk music. The national Hamsheni instruments include "tulum", "şimşir kaval" or the "Hamshna-Zurna." Komitas, Rober Hatemo, Hayko Cepkin, Yaşar Kurt, Cem Karaca (half-Armenian), Udi Hrant Kenkulian can be given as an example to many Armenians working on Turkish and Armenian music. 

In movie acting, special mention should be made of Vahi Öz who appeared in countless movies from the 1940s until the late 1960s, Sami Hazinses (real name Samuel Agop Uluçyan) who appeared in tens of Turkish movies from the 1950s until the 1990s and Nubar Terziyan who appeared in more than 400 movies. Movie actor and director Kenan Pars (real name Kirkor Cezveciyan) and theatre and film actress Irma Felekyan (aka Toto Karaca), who was mother of Cem Karaca.

Although the Armenian place names in Turkey are mostly changed, some names are used officially today.

It estimated that 3,600 Armenian geographical locations have been changed and changed Armenian place names make up 8.8% of place names in Turkey.

Some province, district and place names of Armenian origin

Rize 
Diyarbakır 
Elâzığ 
Ağrı

Muş


Şanlıurfa

Tunceli 


Malatya 

Province names of Armenian origin


On the eve of the World War I there were estimated between 1,500,000 and 2,000,000 Armenians in the Ottoman Empire however, according to the 1914 Ottoman census, this figure is only 1,229,007, of which 1,161,169 "Armenians" and 67,838 "Armenian Catholics". Estimates of the Armenian population in Turkey today range from 50,000 to 70,000, but these number not include secret and Islamized Armenians, with population estimates ranging from 80,000 to 300,000. In 1987, Suren Eremian on Armenian Soviet Encyclopedia says 180,000 Armenians live in Turkey with more than forcibly 1,000,000 "Muslimized" Armenians. Keith David Watenpaugh says about this:

Armenians were found especially in the east of the Ottoman Empire, there were significant Armenian diasporas in Western Anatolia. 

List of Armenians born or originating in Turkey and the Ottoman Empire

The persons on the list are classified into three separate categories: 




Other millitary




Flossie Donnelly

Flossie Donnelly (born 2007) is an Irish person who studies about the sea environment. She is a school student. She was the first person to bring seabin machines to Ireland. She was making money for two of the machines. Those machines remove plastics from the waters. She appears on the RTE News to show her works.
Donnelly regularly works for climates either outside her school or at the parliament. She makes cleanups near the sea in Dún Laoghaire and Sandycove. It was along the local South Dublin near the seas. She started an environmental group called "Flossie & the Beach Cleaners". It collects money for environmental works. It was when she was eleven years old. With that, she told people about plastic pollution and its results in the sea life. She collected €4,000 for two seabin machines into Ireland. The machines can remove up to 83,000 plastic bags or 20,000 plastic bottles from the sea in one year. On World Oceans Day 2018, she led Ireland's only March for the Ocean event in Dún Laoghaire. She spoke at a TEDx Dún Laoghaire event in October 2018. In October 2019, RTÉjr said that they would follow Donnelly's works to the Citarum River in Indonesia. It is one of the world's dirtiest 'plastic' rivers. She was related to a true story recorded movie named "My Story: The Beach Cleaner." This was one of her many works for people. She did it with school children in Ireland. It was on the works to stop plastic pollution.

Margoth Escobar

Margoth Escobar is an Ecuadorian person who works for environmental
and native people's rights.
Escobar is born in a mixed European (Spanish) and Amerindian family. She was born in Puyo, Pastaza.

Escobar was against the taking away of natural things in the Ecuadorian Amazon.

In 1975, Escobar helped people in making the "Provincial Union of Peasant Organizations of Manabi" (Unión Provincial de Organizaciones Campesinas de Manabí). It was important in the saving the village lands of many families in Manabí region.

We Baby Bears

We Baby Bears is an American animated television series created by Manny Hernandez for Cartoon Network. It is a spin-off prequel of the animated series "We Bare Bears", which was created by Daniel Chong. It premiered on January 1, 2022. On January 31, 2022, the series was renewed for a second season.

"We Baby Bears" follows Grizz, Panda, and Ice Bear as babies searching for a new home in a magical teleporting box.


Celebrity guest stars include: Anjali Bhimani, Rhys Darby, Janeane Garofalo, Young M.A., Jason Mantzoukas, Stephen Oyoung, Willow Smith, and Bernardo Velasco.



Mery Godigna Collet

Mery Beatriz Antonieta Godigna Collett (b. April 8, 1959 in Caracas, Venezuela) is a Venezuelan artist, writer, humanitarian and environmental advocate. She lives in Austin, Texas. 

The Godigna Collet family from Venezuela to Europe when she was 3 years old. She spent her childhood and adolescence in Spain, France and Italy. Godigna Collet returned to Caracas to study art, design and architecture. She got a bachelor's degree in architecture in 1987 from Universidad Central de Venezuela.

In the early 1970s, she had returned to live in Madrid, Spain. She attended the Real Academia de Bellas Artes de San Fernando as an unregistered student. This was because of her young age. While there, she learned that art could be used to communicate and promote causes.

Since the start of her career, Godigna Collet tried to find a balance between people and environment. She found it through social and political issues. Her art work uses many different types of materials. This is seen in her paintings, sculptures, photography and video. Her work challenged the viewers through the use of new techniques and lesser known materials. She is also a minimalistic conceptualist. Her use of materials and techniques shows that concepts translate through matter.
Her work is based in promoting a conscious use of natural resources and technology. Since 2007, for her exhibitions, she used to discuss with her panels. It was usually just before the show. It brings together the community and experts in diverse fields as well as workshops. It promotes ecological awareness.
During interviews on radio, television or magazines, she makes a call for reflection over environmental issues.
In the year 2012, her work was selected to be displayed. It was selected to be the image of a meeting about issues of dependence on oil as an energy source and on the human rights consequences of that reliance. The meeting was held at the University of Texas at Austin. It was organized by the Center for Global Energy, International Arbitration, and Environmental Law and the Bernard and Audre Rapoport Center for Human Rights and Justice.
In the year 2016, her artwork "Let's Talk Volume" was selected by the City of Austin, Texas. It was through the program of Art in Public Places. It was installed for the occasion of celebrating International Environment Day.

Collet uses her art and its visual power to provoke thought. She supports several causes related to human rights. From Venezuela, Miami, Italy and Texas, she had shown her work to raise funds to promote support for women and children victims of violence, residencies for artists in need, victims of AIDS and indigenous populations.

In 2007, she traveled through the Venezuelan Amazon. She was collecting several legends from indigenous cultural lore. These are usually told to the next generation.

Ensuring their documentation and preservation, she has held exhibitions about the subject in Venezuela, Italy, France and the United States. She has preserved them at the archives of the Nettie Lee Benson Latin American Collection at the University of Texas at Austin. She gives free lectures about the subject.

Mery Godigna Collet has published in limited edition. She has published in Spanish two books; "Nightly Exercises Notebook" (1995) and "Made with Fiber" (2003). She has also published three art research studies, "Matter, Time, and Space" (1997), "Metallic Light" (2006), "Extra Virgin Petrus Oil", 2008.

She was connected with Le Club monthly magazine in Caracas, Venezuela. La Gazette du Jeudi is a weekly publication in Paris, France. She currently contributes to Viceversa magazine in New York.

Mery Godigna Collet has participated in 26 solo and 36 group exhibitions in Venezuela, Colombia, Mexico, Spain, Italy, France, Germany, the Netherlands, Belgium, New York, Miami, New Mexico and Texas.

In 1985 and 1986, she was an assistant professor in Design 07 and Taller Ventrillon (hand free drawing) at .

In 1990, she founded the Utilitarian Art Firm Neo-Arkhos. She served as Director until 1994 promoting contemporary designers. From 2007 to 2009, she served as Director for Fundaya Foundation a nonprofit organization. Its goal was to help indigenous populations in Venezuela. 2014 is part of the Board of International Woman's Foundation based in Marfa, Texas. It provides homes for artists and promotes their work.

In 2014, she co-founded the "Crosswalk Project" to improve pedestrian and handicap safety for the urban environment.
She has given several art lectures and workshops in Venezuela, Texas and Italy. She is a member of the Accademia di Arte di la Citta di Ferrara, Italy and of Mexic-Arte Museum in Texas.




Helena Gualinga

Sumak Helena Sirén Gualinga (born February 27, 2002) is an Ecuadorian environmentalist and human rights activist. She is from the Sarayaku community in , Ecuador.

Helena Gualinga was born on February 27, 2002. She belongs to the Indigenous community in Pastaza, Ecuador. Her mother, Noemí Gualinga is an Indigenous Ecuadorian former president of the Kichwa Women's Association. Her older sister is the activist Nina Gualinga. Her aunt Patricia Gualinga and her grandmother Cristina Gualinga are defenders of Indigenous women's human rights in the Amazon and environmental causes. Her father is Anders Sirén is a Swedish-speaking Finnish professor of biology in the department of geography and geology at the University of Turku.

Gualinga was born in Sarayaku territory in Pastaza, Ecuador. She spent most of her teenage years living in Pargas. Later, she lived in Turku, Finland. It was where her father comes from. She attends secondary school at the Cathedral School of Åbo.

From a young age, Gualinga has seen the punishment of her family for standing against the interests of big oil companies and their environmental impact on Indigenous land. Several leaders and members of her community have lost their life in dangerous conflicts against the government and corporations. She has stated for Yle. She saw her involuntary upbringing in such a bad environment as an opportunity.

Gualinga has become a spokesperson for the Sarayaku Indigenous community. Her activism includes exposing the conflict between her community and oil companies. She was carrying an empowering message among the youth in local schools in Ecuador. She also actively exposes this message to the international community hoping to reach policy-makers.
She and her family describe numerous ways in which they, as members of indigenous communities in the Amazon, have experienced climate change. Their description includes those of forest fires, desertification, direct destruction and disease spread by floods, and faster melting snow on mountain peaks. According to her, these effects have been noticeable firsthand in the lifetimes of community elders. Gualinga describes that those elders have become aware of climate change regardless of their lack of scientific background.

Gualinga signed that read "sangre indígena, ni una sola gota más" (Indigenous blood, not one more drop) outside of the UN headquarters in New York City. It was at a demonstration with hundreds of other young environmental activists. It was during the 2019 UN Climate Action Summit.

Helena Gualinga participated in the COP25 in Madrid, Spain. She spoke about her concern on the Ecuadorian government authorizing oil extraction in indigenous lands. She said: "Our country's government is still granting our territories to the corporations responsible of climate change. This is criminal." She criticized the Ecuadorian government for claiming interest in protecting the Amazon during the conference. She accused that it was instead of attending indigenous Amazon women's demands brought to the government. The demand was brought during the 2019 Ecuadorian protests. She also expressed her disappointment towards world leaders' lack of interest to discuss topics. The topics were brought by indigenous peoples to the conference.

Gualinga founded Polluters Out with Isabella Fallahi and Ayisha Siddiqa. These aimed at fossil fuel industries. The movement was founded as a response to the failing of . The movement's request is to: "Demand that Patricia Espinosa, Executive Secretary to the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change (UNFCCC), refuse funding from fossil fuel corporations For COP26!".

Helena Gualinga is the protagonist of the documentary "Helena Sarayaku Manta" (Helena of Sarayaku). The movie documents her life and activism. It is related to teaching the Sarayaku ways of living. The movie was directed by Eriberto Gualinga. It was premiered on March 18, 2022 at the Environmental Film Festival in the Nation's Capital.

On April 4, 2022, Helena Gualinga and her sister Nina Gualinga were shown in Revista Hogar magazine. Their photographs were on the cover of the 691st issue of the magazine. According to Helena's social media, it was the first time ever that indigenous women were on the magazine's cover.

On April 22, 2022, Helena Gualinga was pictured in magazine in an article on traditional Sarayaku. It was the face paintings written by Atenea Morales de la Cruz.


Imperva

Imperva is an American cybersecurity software and services company that provides protection for corporate data and application software. The company is headquartered in San Mateo, California.

Founded by Shlomo Kramer (founder of Check Point and Cato Networks), Imperva is best known for its WAF (web application firewall)2 and database security technologies, based on machine learning. In 2021, the company was recognized for the 8th consecutive year as a leader in Gartner's Magic Quadrant for WAFs, in addition to its technological leadership on topics such as DDoS Management, bot management, and API security.

The Imperva group currently has nearly 6,200 customers worldwide, mainly large groups (such as NTT for example), spread over nearly 150 countries3.

Kaizer Chiefs

Kaizer Chiefs Football club is the most successful club in the Southern Region of the African continent. Chiefs is the second most successful African club in terms of winning trophies. Kaizer Chiefs are behind the recently crowned African Champions Al Ahly SC after defeating the very same Kaizer Chiefs in Mohammed V, Casablanca, Morocco winning the tie 3-0 .

Usher

Usher may refer to:




Nina Gualinga

Nina Gualinga (born June 1993) is an Ecuadorian environmental and indigenous rights activist. She is part of the Kichwa-speaking community. She has spent most of her life working for better environmental protection of the and the living wildlife. She also worked for the people who are depending on this environment.

Gualinga was born and raised in her mother's Kichwa-speaking community of Sarayaku in the Ecuadorian Amazon. in a wooden house in Puyo, Pastaza. Since the age of seven, she has worked for climate justice and indigenous rights. She got her knowledge of the forest from her parents and grandparents. She is a granddaughter of Cristina Gualinga. Gualinga’s sister, Helena Gualinga, and mother, Noemí Gualinga are also environmental activists. Her aunt Patricia is also a land defender. Her uncle Eriberto is a movie maker. He documents the Sarayaku resistance.

She is currently studying human rights at Lund University.

Her family was active in the Kichwa Sarayaku community's fight against the exploitation of the Amazon rainforest. The forest was exploited by companies and the Ecuadorian government. Gualinga's works for indigenous and territorial rights started when an oil company with the help of Ecuadorian government military troops violently started exploiting her community's indigenous land.
This intrusion led to a legal battle between the Ecuadorian government and Sarayaku community before the Inter-American Court of Human Rights, which eventually resulted to a victory for the Sarayaku community. At the age of 18, Gualinga represented the youth of Sarayaku at the final hearing of the case.

Gualinga had an indigenous fellowship at Amazon Watch. She developed the proposal for her own non-governmental organization. She aimed at empowering indigenous Sarayaku’s youth and women. She wanted protect the Southern Ecuadorian Amazon. Her organization, Hakhu Amazon Design, sells handmade artisanal jewelry and accessories. She demands that the Ecuadorian government acknowledge the Amazon forest itself as a property. She also demands the government to end its contracts with major oil and mining companies.

She is also active as an indigenous rights activist on an international level. She focused on protecting homes and land against corporate interests. She was part of a global call to stop fossil fuel extraction at the . She was also among the delegates working for "Living Forests" protection. It was at the global climate conferences and COP21, in Lima and Paris respectively. In the course of COP21, she drew attention to her people’s demands by sailing down the river Seine in Paris in a canoe from her village. In 2016, she was among a group of indigenous women from 7 nationalities. They united to march in defense of indigenous rights and territories. Gualinga drew more attention on the effects of climate change on the Kichwa people at the in Marrakech. She encouraged the government to prioritize climate actions to reduce carbon emissions for the indigenous people. She was part of the Women’s Earth and Climate Action Network (WECAN), Amazon Watch and Sarayaku Delegation to in Bonn and a speaker at the event. Nina was also part of the WECAN delegation at the climate discussion in Madrid in 2019. At the event, she called for the world to stop extracting fossil fuel. She also called to listen to indigenous peoples. These people have protected their lands for millennia, for solutions to the climate crisis: "If we don’t listen to indigenous peoples, if we don’t listen to indigenous women we are not going to get out of this crisis." She gave a lecture on Indigenous People of the Amazon: The Guardians of Our Future at IAAC Auditorium, Barcelona on 25th of February 2020.



Junior M.A.F.I.A.

Junior M.A.F.I.A. ("Junior Masters At Finding Intelligent Attitudes") was a hip hop group from Bedford-Stuyvesant in Brooklyn. It was founded in 1994 by New York rapper The Notorious B.I.G. (Christopher Wallace). It members were Lil' Cease, Bugsy, Capone, Chico, and Nino Brown (of 6s, or 666), Furto and Trife (of The Snakes), MC Klepto and Lil' Kim, the only female in the group. They released one album in 1995. titled Conspiracy. The album contained the singles "Get Money" and "Player's Anthem". The group broke up in 1997 after the founder's murder. Three of the members released another album in 2005 and an unreleased album in 2007.


ASAP Ferg

Darold Ferguson, better known as A$AP Ferg, is an American rapper. He is from New York. Ferg is in the hip hop group A$AP Mob with friend A$AP Rocky and has his own clothing line. He is of Trinidadian decent.

Ferg released his debut album, Trap Lord. It peaked at number nine on the ‘Billboard 200’ chart. He signed with ‘RCA Records’ and ‘Polo Grounds’ in August 2013.

In 2013, he won the ‘Rookie of the Year’ award at the ‘BET Hip Hop Awards’ and was also nominated for the ‘Video Director of the Year’ at the same award ceremony.

Satrapy of Armenia

The Satrapy of Armenia, (, Satrapakan Hayastan; , Armina) was an Armenian satrapy controlled by the Orontid dynasty. Armenia is one of the satrapies of the Achaemenid Empire in the 6th century BC that later became an independent kingdom.

The Orontid dynasty, also known by their native name Eruandid or Yervanduni, was a hereditary Armenian dynasty and the rulers of the Satrapy of Armenia. Most historians say the Orontids are of Iranian origin. It is suggested that it held dynastic familial linkages to the ruling Achaemenid dynasty. 

Panossian states the following about the Orontids (Yervandunis);"It is not known whether the Yervandunis were ethnically Armenian. They probably had marriage links to the rulers of Persia and other leading noble houses in Armenia."


François Boulangé

François Boulangé (18 December 1953 – 11 September 2021) was a Dutch television presenter, television producer and television director, between 1988 and 2021. He was best known as the presenter of the game show "Lingo", which he hosted for eight years.

Boulangé died in Haarlem on 11 September 2021.

Holy Trinity Cathedral, Žilina

The Church of the Holy Trinity is a Roman Catholic church in Žilina, Slovakia. It is one of the town's most important monuments.

Siobhan Fitzpatrick

Siobhan Fitzpatrick (born 28 January 1998) is a British wheelchair basketball player. She is a member of the Great Britain women's national wheelchair basketball team. She competed at the 2020 Summer Paralympics. 

With the national team she won the silver medal at the 2018 Wheelchair Basketball World Championship, the bronze medal at the 2017 European Championships and the silver medal at the 2019 European Championships. 

Fitzpatrick has cerebral palsy. She was unable to do sport at school due to insurance problems. She took part at a wheelchair basketball 'playground to podium' event in 2010, where she was spotted by a coach. She became part of the Coventry Wheelchair Basketball Academy and became later a member of the national team. She was not selected for the 2016 Summer Paralympics. That was a big disappointment for her. She fell out of love for wheelchair basketball and for two or three months she didn't even play in the national league. Later she could place the disappointment in perspective and continued playing.

Fitzpatrick studied Business Management at the University of Worcester. She has a partner, Mat. She was a member of the Athlete's Advisory Committee for the 2022 Commonwealth Games.

Perkin Warbeck

Perkin Warbeck ( 1474 - 23 November 1499) was an impostor and pretender to the English throne during the reign of Henry VII of England. He claimed to be Richard of Shrewsbury, one of the Princes in the Tower. He attempted to invade England but was captured after the Second Cornish Uprising (1497) and executed.

French Empire

French Empire may refer to: 


We Bare Bears: The Movie

We Bare Bears: The Movie is a 2020 American animated comedy movie. It is based on the Cartoon Network television series of the same name. 
It was produced by Cartoon Network Studios and Warner Bros. Pictures. It was theatrically released on December 11, 2020. Directed by series creator Daniel Chong from a story by Mikey Heller and Kris Mukai, "We Bare Bears: The Movie" stars the voices of series regulars Eric Edelstein, Bobby Moynihan and Demetri Martin as the three titular bears Grizz, Panda, and Ice Bear; joined by Marc Evan Jackson as Agent Trout and Keith Ferguson as Officer Murphy. This movie is the series finale of "We Bare Bears".

According to "We Bare Bears" series creator Daniel Chong, he was approached by the Cartoon Network staff with an idea for a feature film based on the series in 2018. Despite having no previous experience in film, Chong accepted the proposal, drawing from his feature animation practice and reasoning that the characters he created have an emotional depth in them and capabilities he knew that could be sustained for a long period of time. Due to the then-continuing production of the series, Chong and his team had to prepare the film while finishing the episodes at the same time, which took over several months. The film's story was written by Mikey Heller and Kris Mukai, the main writers of the series. While writing it, they were inspired by the 2018 California wildfires and the Trump administration family separation policy that were occurring at the time, which lead to a family being separated from each other as a central theme to a forest fire being written in the story's climax. Chong remarked that sensitive topic such as those wouldn't appear to be ideal in the main children's television series. He also wanted the main themes within the series to be displayed in the film, such as diversity and the reason for anthropomorphic characters.

Chong remarked that the original treatment of the film was centered around the three Bears. But to balance the heavy themes, the film's core was shifted to be centralized around Grizz. The original meeting sequence was first written with the three bears reminiscing it but was rewritten to be focused on Grizz, who, as Chong felt, as the eldest of the brothers, was faced with the heaviest burdens and was most concerned with everyone's well-being. Chong also remarked that he was initially opposed to the addition of the other captive bears, as it could risk the main characters as uninteresting. The film was finalized as the Bears' final adventure and a conclusion to the original "We Bare Bears" series, though Chong had expressed intentions for it to continue to spin-offs, among other different ways. This was before he announced that he'll be departing Cartoon Network to work on another project. The animation on the film was produced by Rough Draft Studios and Saerom Animation, which had previously animated the television series.

A soundtrack single for the film was released on December 4, 2020, by WaterTower Music.


Abdizhamil Karimuly Nurpeisov

Abdizhamil Karimuly Nurpeisov (; 22 October 1924 – 5 February 2022) was a Kazakh writer and translator. Between 1962 to 1964 he worked as a head editor of the magazine "Zhuldyz". He was a delegate of the Supreme Soviet of the Kazakh SSR. He was also President of the Kazakh PEN Club. He was known for his "The Blood and Sweat" trilogy.

Nurpeisov died on 5 February 2022, at the age of 97.

Sindhutai Sapkal

Sindhutai Sapkal (14 November 1948 – 4 January 2022) was an Indian social worker and social activist. She was known for her work in raising orphaned children in India. She was awarded the Padma Shri in 2021. She took care of over 1,500 orphaned children. She had a grand family of 382 sons-in-law and 49 daughters-in-law. She used award money to buy land to make a home for orphaned children.

Sapkal died of a heart attack in Pune, India on 4 January 2022, at the age of 73.

Waiphot Phetsuphan

Phan Sakulnee (; 7 March 1942 – 12 January 2022), best known by the stage name Waiphot Phetsuphan (), was a Thai luk thung and Phleng Lae () singer. He was the National Artist of Thailand in 1997. His best known songs were "Keaw Roe Phee" (แก้วรอพี่) and "Countryside Singer" (นักร้องบ้านนอก/Nak Rong Baan Nork). Phetsuphan was born in Suphan Buri Province, Thailand. 

Phetsuphan died in Bangkok on 12 January 2022, at the age of 79.

Andrei Babitsky

Andrei Maratovich Babitsky (; 26 September 1964 – 1 April 2022) was a Russian journalist and war reporter. He worked for Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty (RFE/RL) from 1989 to 2014. He reported the 1991 August Coup, Civil War in Tajikistan and both the First and Second Chechen Wars.


Gerhard J. Woeginger

Gerhard J. Woeginger (31 May 1964 – 1 April 2022) was an Austrian mathematician and computer scientist. He worked in Germany as a professor at RWTH Aachen University. He was program chair of the European Symposium on Algorithms in 1997. In 1996, Woeginger won the Start-Preis.

Woeginger died on 1 April 2022, at the age of 57.

Georgia Benkart

Georgia McClure Benkart (December 30, 1947 – April 29, 2022) was an American mathematician. She was known for her work in the structure and representation theory of Lie algebras and related algebraic structures. She published over 130 journal articles. 

Montville, New Jersey

Montville is a township in Morris County, New Jersey, United States. As of the 2020 United States Census, the township's population was 22,450.

Bob Krueger

Robert Charles Krueger (September 19, 1935 – April 30, 2022) was an American politician. He was born in New Braunfels, Texas.

Krueger was the U.S. Representative from Texas's 21st congressional district from 1975 until 1979. He was the U.S. Senator from Texas in 1993. Krueger was an Ambassador to Burundi from 1994 until 1995 and to Botswana from 1996 until 1996. He was a member of the Democratic Party.

Krueger died on April 30, 2022 in New Braunfels at the age of 86.

Ülo Tulik

Ülo Tulik (11 May 1957 – 30 April 2022) was a Estonian agronomist and politician. Tulik was born in Meremäe, Estonia. He was the Võru County Governor from 2005 until 2010. He was Mayor of Võru from 2010 until 2011.

Tulik died on 30 April 2022 in Võru at the age of 64.

Ricardo Alarcón

Ricardo Alarcón de Quesada (21 May 1937 – 30 April 2022) was a Cuban politician. He was the Minister of Foreign Affairs from 1992 to 1993. Alarcón was President of the National Assembly of People's Power from 1993 to 2013. He was also until 2013 a Member of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of Cuba. Alarcón was born in Havana, Cuba.

Alarcón died on 30 April 2022 in Havana at the age of 84.

Millie Bailey

Vivian Mildred Bailey (' Corbett; February 3, 1918 – May 1, 2022) was an American World War II veteran, civil servant, and volunteer. She was a fundraiser for education, health, and military service personnel. Bailey was one of the first African American officers in the Women's Army Corps. She was a commander of the Women's Colored Detachment. Bailey was a division director in the Social Security Administration.

Bailey turned 100 in February 2018. She died in Ellicott City, Maryland, on May 1, 2022, at the age of 104.

Naftali Blumenthal

Naftali Blumenthal (; 1 March 1922 – 1 May 2022) was an Israeli politician. He was a member of the Knesset for the Alignment from 1981 until 1984. He was born in Stanisławów, Poland. 

Blumenthal died on 1 May 2022 at the age of 100.

Kathy Boudin

Kathy Boudin (May 19, 1943 – May 1, 2022) was an American leftist activist. She was a member of the radical left militant organization Weather Underground. She was convicted of felony murder for her role in the 1981 Brink's robbery. Boudin was released from prison on parole in 2003 and became an adjunct professor at Columbia University.

Boudin died on May 1, 2022 in New York City from cancer, aged 78.

Carlos Eduardo Moreira Ferreira

Carlos Eduardo Moreira Ferreira (9 March 1939 – 1 May 2022) was a Brazilian businessman and politician. He was a member of the Liberal Front Party. He was president of the from 2002 to 2006. He was born in São Paulo, Brazil. From 1999 until 2003, he was a member of the Chamber of Deputies of Brazil.

Moreira Ferreira died in São Paulo on 1 May 2022 at the age of 83.

Atomic Rooster

Atomic Rooster are a British rock band originally formed by members of The Crazy World of Arthur Brown, organist Vincent Crane and drummer Carl Palmer. They were popular in the early-mid-1970s and the early 1980s. The band went through radical style changes. Their best known singles were "Tomorrow Night" (UK No. 11) and "Devil's Answer" (UK No. 4), both in 1971.

Spinal Tap

Spinal Tap is a fictional English heavy metal band created by American comedians and musicians Michael McKean, Christopher Guest and Harry Shearer. They are characterized as "one of England's loudest bands". McKean, Guest and Shearer wrote and performed original songs for the band.

The band first appeared on a 1979 ABC television sketch comedy pilot called "The T.V. Show". Later the band became the fictional subject of the 1984 rockumentary / mockumentary movie "This Is Spinal Tap".

Régine Zylberberg

Régine Zylberberg (born Regina Zylberberg; 26 December 1929 – 1 May 2022), often known mononymously as Régine, was a Belgian-born French singer and nightclub impresario. She was known as the "Queen of the Night". She was born in Anderlecht, Belgium. 

Zylberberg died on 1 May 2022 in Paris, France at the age of 92.

Joseph Raz

Joseph Raz (; ; 21 March 1939 – 2 May 2022) was an Israeli philosopher. He was one of the most well known supporters of legal positivism. He was a professor of philosophy of law at the University of Oxford. He was also a professor of law at Columbia University and a part-time professor at King's College London. 

Raz died on 2 May 2022 at a hospital in London, England at the age of 83.

Don't Worry Darling

Don't Worry Darling is an upcoming American psychological thriller movie directed by Olivia Wilde. The screenplay was written by Katie Silberman. It is based on a story by Carey van Dyke, Shane Van Dyke, and Silberman. It stars Florence Pugh, Harry Styles, Wilde, Gemma Chan, KiKi Layne, Nick Kroll, and Chris Pine.

"Don't Worry Darling" will be released on September 23, 2022 by Warner Bros. Pictures.

Amherst, New Hampshire

Amherst is a town in Hillsborough County, New Hampshire, United States.

Antrim, New Hampshire

Antrim is a town in Hillsborough County, New Hampshire, United States.

Brookline, New Hampshire

Brookline is a town in Hillsborough County, New Hampshire, United States.

Deering, New Hampshire

Deering is a town in Hillsborough County, New Hampshire, United States.

Francestown, New Hampshire

Francestown is a town in Hillsborough County, New Hampshire, United States.

Goffstown, New Hampshire

Goffstown is a town in Hillsborough County, New Hampshire, United States.

Greenfield, New Hampshire

Greenfield is a town in Hillsborough County, New Hampshire, United States.

Greenville, New Hampshire

Greenville is a town in Hillsborough County, New Hampshire, United States.

Hancock, New Hampshire

Hancock is a town in Hillsborough County, New Hampshire, United States.

Vergennes, Vermont

Vergennes is a city in Addison County, Vermont, United States. Its current population as of 2020 is 2,553.

South Burlington, Vermont

South Burlington is a city in Chittenden County, Vermont, United States.

Winooski, Vermont

Winooski is a city in Chittenden County, Vermont, United States.

Aniplex of America

Anplex of America also known as Aniplex USA is the U.S. distribution enterprise of Aniplex, an anime and music production company owned by Sony Music Entertainment Japan. It was established in Santa Monica, California, with the goal of Aniplex+ store, and also Aniplex Channel, a operated streaming service.

Otto Bräutigam

Otto Bräutigam was a German lawyer and was involved with the Holocaust. He was also a member of Auswärtiges Amt. He died in 1992.

Maximilian Wöber

Maximilian Wöber (born 4 February 1998) is an Austrian professional footballer. He plays as a centre-back for Austrian Bundesliga club Red Bull Salzburg and the Austria national team.

He started his football career with Rapid Wien's youth teams.

2015 till 2017 he played for Rapid Wien II. On 25 February 2016 he played his first match for SK Rapid Wien against Valencia in the UEFA Euro League.

In August 2017 he went to Ajax for €7.5 million.

On 11 January 2019 he went on to Sevilla He signed a contract until 2023.

On 13 August 2019 Wöber agreed to a five-year contract FC Red Bull Salzburg in the Austrian Bundesliga. It is said that Salzburg paid €12 million what makes him to the most expensive player in Austrian Bundesliga.

Wöber was in the Austria national football team for 2018 FIFA World Cup qualifiers against Wales and Georgia in September 2017. On 6 October 2017, he made his debut for the Austria national team in a 3–2 win against Serbia.

Ajax
Red Bull Salzburg

Tell Me That You Love Me, Junie Moon

Tell Me That You Love Me, Junie Moon is a 1970 American comedy-drama movie directed by Otto Preminger and was based on the 1968 novel of the same name by Marjorie Kellogg. It stars Liza Minnelli, Ken Howard, Robert Moore, James Coco, Kay Thompson, Fred Williamson, Ben Piazza, Leonard Frey, Anne Revere, Clarice Taylor, Angelique Pettyjohn and was distributed by Paramount Pictures.


Hawthorne of the U.S.A.

Hawthorne of the U.S.A. is a 1919 American silent adventure comedy movie directed by James Cruze and was based on the play of the same name by James B. Fagan. It stars Wallace Reid, Lila Lee, Harrison Ford, Tully Marshall, Charles Ogle, Guy Oliver, Clarence Burton and was distributed by Paramount Pictures.


Scinax proboscideus

The Gran Rio snouted tree frog ("Scinax proboscideus") is a frog that lives in the middle of the Guianas: Guyana and French Guiana. Scienitsts think it may also live in Brazil.

College Scandal

College Scandal is a 1935 American comedy movie directed by Elliott Nugent and starring Arline Judge, Kent Taylor, Wendy Barrie, William Frawley, William Benedict, Edward Nugent, Johnny Downs, Jocelyn Compton, Oscar Rudolph. It was distributed by Paramount Pictures.

Ngụy Thị Khanh

Ngụy Thị Khanh (born 1976) created the Green Innovation and Development Centre (GreenID) in Vietnam. Khanh also works for the Vietnam Rivers Network (VRN). In 2018, Khanh won the Goldman Environmental Prize. It was for her work on sustainable energy.
Khanh was born in 1976 in Bắc Am, a village in Bắc Giang Province. She went to the Institute of International Relations (Học viện Quan hệ Quốc tế) in Hanoi. She was Vietnam's person at the 2015 United Nations Climate Change Conference.

Claire Nouvian

Claire Nouvian (born 19 March 1974) is a French environmental activist, journalist, television producer, and film director.

Claire Nouvian was born in Bordeaux. She worked in journalism. After that, she worked to protect the ocean and marine life. She was awarded the in 2012. She won the Goldman Environment Prize in 2018. She was the second French person to win this prize (after biologist Christine Jean in 1992).

Jérôme Onguéné

Jérôme Junior Onguéné (born 22 December 1997) is a Cameroonian professional footballer. He plays for Austrian Bundesliga club Red Bull Salzburg and the Cameroon national team. From the 2022-23 season on he will play for Eintracht Frankfurt in the German Bundesliga.

Onguene was born in Mbalmayo, Cameroon. At the age of eleven he went to France. He started with AS Illzach Modenheim, then he went on to the youth of FC Sochaux.

From 2014 till 2017 he played for FC Sochaux B and FC Sochaux. On 31 January 2017, Onguéné moved to VfB Stuttgart. The club loaned him to FC Red Bull Salzburg on 31 August 2017 until the end of the season. In June 2018 Onguéné he went to Salzburg.

2021 he was on loan for the Serie A club Genoa. The loan included an option to buy. For the 2021-22 season he came back to Salzburg. 2022-23 he will play for Eintracht Frankfurt. In Winter 2022 he came back to Salzburg on loan from Frankfurt.

With France he won the UEFA European Under-19 Championship in 2016. Since August 2018 Onguéné played for Cameroon. He debuted on 12 October 2018 in a qualifier for the African Cup versus Malawi.

Cameroon



Oumar Solet

Oumar Mickaël Solet Bomawoko (born 7 February 2000) is a French professional footballer. He plays as a defender for Austrian Bundesliga club Red Bull Salzburg.

Solet started in the youth teams of FC Dammarie-les-Lys, US Créteil and US Villejuif.From 2015 till 2017 he was in the Stade Laval
academy. On 4 August 2017 he debuted in the Championnat National (3rd level) against US Concarneau. He played the full 90 minutes.

On 22 January 2018 Solet went to Olympique Lyonnais on loan.

On 17 July 2020 went on to Red Bull Salzburg for €4.5 million. He played his first match for Salzburg on 24 October 2020 when he came in for Sekou Koita in minute 83 versus FK Austria Wien. 

Solet was born in France and is of Central African Republic descent. Solet was part of the France U-17 FIFA World Cup squad in 2017.

Hold My Hand (Lady Gaga song)

"Hold My Hand" is a song recorded by American singer Lady Gaga. It was released May 3, 2022, as the lead single from the movie "" (2022), starring Tom Cruise. It is a power ballad. Gaga wrote on social media that she had worked on the song for "years" and wanted to get it right. She dedicated it to "the world during and after a very hard time. I’ve wanted you to hear it for so long. And I’m so excited to give it to you on May 3." She also posted the song's credits, stating she and BloodPop® were co-writers and co-producers, with additional production from Benjamin Rice.

It charted moderately worldwide, reaching the top 40 of several countries.

Gaga has performed the song as the encore at the Chromatica Ball Tour (2022).
The song was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Original Song. Gaga performed the song at the 95th Academy Awards (Oscars) on March 12, 2023.

Method Man

Clifford Smith Jr (born March 2, 1971) is an American rapper, better known under his stage name Method Man. He is a member of hip hop group Wu-Tang Clan. He released his first debut album, ‘Tical’ in 1994. He won a Grammy award for the song ‘I’ll Be There For You/You’re All I Need’ featuring R&B singer Mary J Blige. Method Man acted in movies and shows such as How High, Belly, and . He was born in Long Island, New York. His parents live in separate homes.

Oznoz

Oznoz is a subscription video on demand service. It focuses on multilingual children's television programming. Oznoz carries a library of 4000 hours of programming on-launch, and exclusive rights to libraries such as Sesame Workshop, Hit Entertainment, and Nelvana in many languages other than English. Oznoz languages include Arabic, Chinese, English, French, Hindi, Korean, Kurdish, Japanese, Persian, Urdu, Spanish, and non-dialogue shows. Oznoz content can be accessed as an over-the-top service through the channel's website and iPad and Android apps.

Oznoz is available via website, mobile apps, smart TVs, and other devices. On launch, the service is available to subscribers in Canada and the United States.

The service is for bilingual families who speak two or more languages. Content includes television series, movies and shorts such as Barney, Thomas the Tank Engine, Bob The Builder, Pingu, Babar, Super Why, "1001 Nights", Franklin, Pororo, Be Ponkickies, Sesame Street, Elmo's World and other original shows from international broadcast partners such as Al Jazeera Children's Channel, TV Tokyo, IRIB and others.


Antonio Delgado

Antonio Ramon Delgado (born January 28, 1977) is an American attorney and politician. Since 2022, he has been serving as the lieutenant governor of New York under Governor Kathy Hochul. He was the U.S. representative from New York's 19th congressional district from 2019 until 2022. He is the first person of either African-American and Hispanic descent to be elected to Congress from Upstate New York. 

On May 3, 2022, Delgado was selected by Kathy Hochul to be lieutenant governor of New York.

John Katko

John Michael Katko (; born November 9, 1962) is an American attorney and politician. He is the U.S. representative for New York's 24th congressional district since 2015. He is a member of the Republican Party.

He was a co-chair of the House moderate Republican group, the Tuesday Group. He is the sole chair of the renamed Republican Governance Group for the 117th Congress. Katko was one of ten Republicans in the House who voted to impeach Donald Trump during Trump's second impeachment.

On January 14, 2022, Katko announced that he would not seek reelection in 2022.

Dinosaur Train

Dinosaur Train is an American-Canadian-Singaporean Computer animated television series. The show was created by the same creator, Craig Bartlett, who created the Nickelodeon show "Hey Arnold!". It aired on PBS Kids from September 7, 2009 until June 15, 2020.


The show is set on PBS Kids in the US and TVOKids in Canada, On 2012, The International Singaporean Media Athority sold this show to PBS stations, In 2014, The show is also broadcast on Netflix.
The show is also set on DSN in the United States but defunct, On 2019, their show premiered on Disney Channel in Singapore. 

Kathleen Rice

Kathleen Maura Rice (born February 15, 1965) is an American lawyer and politician. She was the United States representative for New York's 4th congressional district from 2015 to 2023. She is a member of the Democratic Party. 

On February 15, 2022, Rice announced that she would not seek reelection in 2022.

Applied arts

The applied arts are arts that make design and decoration to everyday things. Applied arts can make things look aesthetically well. Applied arts can also be used with decorative arts. The modern making of applied art is usually called design.

Example of applied arts are:


They are many art movements that focused on applied arts. Many artistic art styles like Neoclassicism and Gothic cover both devorative and applied arts. and others cover both the fine and applied or decorative arts.





Biancamaria Frabotta

Biancamaria Frabotta (11 June 1946 – 2 May 2022) was an Italian feminist writer. She wrote about the study of women writers in Italy and her early poetry focused on feminist issues. Until her retirement in 2016, she has taught Modern Italian Literature at the University of Rome La Sapienza.

Frabotta died on 2 May 2022 in Rome, Italy at the age of 75.

Yuri Vasenin

Yuri Nikolayevich Vasenin (; 2 October 1948 – 2 May 2022) was a Soviet footballer and coach. His career began in 1966. He played for the Soviet Union national football team nine times between 1972 until 1973.

Vasenin died on 2 May 2022 at the age of 73.


Radim Uzel

Radim Uzel (27 March 1940 – 2 May 2022) was a Czech sexologist and academic. He was director of the Society for Family Planning and Sexual Education. He was also an unsuccessful candidate to the Senate of the Czech Republic. He worked for Masaryk University. Uzel was born in Ostrava, Protectorate of Bohemia and Moravia.

Uzel died on 2 May 2022 in Prague, Czech Republic from problems caused by stomach cancer on 2 May 2022, aged 82. 

Ultramagic

Ultramagic is a Catalan company that manufactures hot air balloons. It is based at the Igualada-Òdena General Vives Aerodrome, in the Anoia region. It is the second largest manufacturer in the world by turnover and the only one in Spain of hot air balloons. The company's annual production is between 80 and 120 balloons, with about 80% destined for export, including Japan, North America, South America, Europe and Africa. Ultramagic can make large balloons, such as the N-500 that can carry up to 27 people in the basket, balloons adapted for people with physical disabilities, and has also built many balloons with special shapes as well as cold air inflatables.

Ultramagic collaborates every year in the organization of the European Balloon Festival, an international gathering of hot air balloons, the largest in Spain, where exhibitions and competition tests are held. The festival has been taking place every July since 1997. It is held in a space set up as a airfield on the axis of the old N-II of Igualada. He is a member of the BAIE aeronautical cluster.

Taurus Group

The Taurus Group is a Spanish small appliance manufacturer located in Oliana. 
It was founded in a garage by Francisco Betriu de Cal Cases and Jorge Escaler in 1962 in Oliana. The company had 25 employees at the time and manufactured coffee grinders and hair dryers. The creation of Taurus in 1962 represented for Oliana a sustained growth, both in population (doubling it and close to 2,500 inhabitants) and in social and economic well-being. 

In 1982, Taurus had 1,000 employees and exported to 48 countries. 

In 1993, in a turbulent period, the company was bought by the Generalitat de Catalunya. The company was privatized in 1997, when entrepreneurs Ramón Térmens and Jorge Tornini acquired 52% of it with the commitment to keep it all.  The company continued to grow and became international. In 2012, the fiftieth anniversary was celebrated "with the pride of having innovated for three generations"  and received the Pompeu Fabra Award. In 2014, it was present in eighty countries and had seven production centers around the world, in China, India, South Africa, Mexico and Brazil.

Federico Gutiérrez

Federico Andrés Gutiérrez Zuluaga (born 28 November 1974) is a Colombian politician and civil engineer. He was mayor of Medellín from 2016 until 2019. Federico Gutiérrez was the Team for Colombia nominee for President of Colombia in the 2022 election. He came in third place in the 2022 election.

Domestic duck

The domestic duck ("Anas platyrhynchos domesticus") is a type of mallard that has been domesticated by humans and raised for meat, eggs, and feathers while some are kept as pets.

2022 Colombian presidential election

The first round of the presidential elections was held in Colombia on 29 May 2022 to elect the 34th President. Since no candidate won a majority of the vote in the first round, a second round of voting will be held on 19 June. President Iván Duque cannot run for another term because Colombian presidents are term limited for a single four year term. Gustavo Petro won the runoff, becoming the first left-wing candidate to be elected president of Colombia.

In the first round, left-wing Senator Gustavo Petro and right-wing populist former Bucaramanga mayor Rodolfo Hernández Suárez advanced to the run-off. Hernández Suárez, who came in third during voter pollings, came in second place against Federico Gutiérrez after an increase in support, weeks before the first round began.

While Petro was seen as the front-runner in polls before the first round, he has almost been tied in pollings against Hernández Suárez. In the June run-off, Petro was elected president, winning 50% of the vote to Hernández Suárez's 47% of the vote, becoming the country's first leftist president.

<section begin="Second Round Presidential polling chart"/>
<section end="Second Round Presidential polling chart"/>

<section begin="First Round Presidential polling chart"/><section end="First Round Presidential polling chart"/>

Rodolfo Hernández Suárez

Rodolfo Hernández Suárez (born 26 March 1945) is a Colombian politician, businessman and engineer. In 2022, he became Senator of Colombia. He was mayor of Bucaramanga from 2016 to 2019. Hernández was a presidential candidate in the 2022 election. His political views are seen as right-wing populism. He was compared to former U.S. President Donald Trump for his anti-corruption stance and his background as a businessman.

In May 2022, he advanced to the June run-off election against left-wing Senator Gustavo Petro after coming in second place in the first round voting. He has been called the "King of TikTok" for using the app many times during his presidential campaign. In June 2022, he lost the election to Petro by a 47% to 50% vote margin.

Íngrid Betancourt

Íngrid Betancourt Pulecio (; born 25 December 1961) is a Colombian politician. She is an anti-corruption activist. She was a Senator of Colombia from 1998 until 2001. She also was a member of the Chamber of Representatives of Colombia from 1994 until 1998.

Betancourt was kidnapped by the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia (FARC) on 23 February 2002 while campaigning for President of Colombia in the 2002 election as a Green candidate. She was rescued by Colombian security forces six and a half years later on 2 July 2008. 

On 18 January 2022, she announced her candidacy for President of Colombia in the 2022 election. However, she withdrew from the election on 20 May, just one week before the first round began.

Sara Revuelta Garcia

Sara Revuelta Garcia (born 26 August 1997) is a Spanish wheelchair basketball player. She is a member of the Spain women's national wheelchair basketball team. In 2021 she competed the 2020 Summer Paralympics. She plays in the Division de Honor, Spanish national league, with her club CD Ilunion.

She participated at the 2018 Wheelchair Basketball World Championship 

In 2017 she rejected a scholarship to study and play for the University of Alabama. That year, she won the Spanish league, Spanish cup and European league for the second consecutive season with CD Ilunion. She studied physics at the Complutense University of Madrid.

Lourdes Ortega Rico

Lourdes Ortega Rico (born 22 September 1997) is a Spanish wheelchair basketball player (1.0 wheelchair basketball classification). She is a member of the Spain women's national wheelchair basketball team. In 2021 she competed at the 2020 Summer Paralympics.

Since 2016, she plays in the Division de Honor, Spanish national league, with her club BSR Amiab Albacete (since 2016). She plays at the guard position.

Ortega Rico studied Graphic Design at the University of Seville.

When Ortega Rico was nine years old she was diagnozed with a spinal cord injury. She started with wheelchair basketball in Seville when she was 13 year old. She finished fifth with the team at the 2017 European Wheelchair Basketball Championship and two years later she finished fourth at the 2019 European Wheelchair Basketball Championship. She participated at the 2018 Wheelchair Basketball World Championship. 

Together with team members Almudena Montiel and Genoveva Tapia, she was named 2018 Female Para Athlete of the Year in Andalusia.

Khemisset

Khemisset (, ) is an Amazigh town in northern Morocco. 131,542 people lived there at the 2014 census.

Niceto Alcalá-Zamora

Niceto Alcalá-Zamora y Torres (6 July 1877 – 18 February 1949) was a Spanish lawyer and politician. He was the first prime minister of the Second Spanish Republic, and the president from 1931 to 1936.

Francia Márquez

Francia Elena Márquez Mina (born 1 December 1981) is a Colombian human-rights and environmental activist who is the Vice President of Colombia since 2022.

In August 2020, Márquez announced her candidacy for President of Colombia in the 2022 election. She is the first Colombian woman of African descent to run for the presidency. She later became the vice presidential candidate for Gustavo Petro's presidential campaign and won the election in June 2022, becoming the country's first black female vice president.

In 2019, the BBC listed Francia Márquez on their 100 Women for that year.

University of Granada

The University of Granada (, UGR) is a public university in Granada, founded Emperor Charles V in 1531. It has around 80,000 students, it is the fourth largest university in Spain.

2022 Philippine presidential election

The 2022 Philippine presidential and vice presidential elections was held on Monday, May 9, 2022, as part of the 2022 general election. This was the 17th direct presidential election and 15th vice presidential election in the Philippines since 1935.

President Rodrigo Duterte could not run for re-election because he was limited to a single term, while vice president Leni Robredo could have ran for re-election but chose to run for the presidency instead. This election elected the 17th president and the 15th vice president. The position of president and vice president are elected separately.

The 2022 presidential election was the first where all candidates for president were born after World War II ended.

Bongbong Marcos and Sara Duterte were elected president and vice president respectively in a landslide victory.

Panfilo Lacson

Panfilo "Ping" Morena Lacson Sr. (; born June 1, 1948) is a Filipino politician and former police general. He became a Senator of the Philippines in 2016. He has also been a Senator from 2001 to 2013. He was the Director General of the Philippine National Police (PNP) from 1999 to 2001.

He was a candidate for President of the Philippines in the 2004 presidential election. He unsuccessfully ran for president again in 2016, he later decided to run for the senate. Lacson unsuccessfully ran for president again in the 2022 election as an independent candidate.

Dobbs v. Jackson Women's Health Organization

Dobbs v. Jackson Women's Health Organization is a landmark decision by the US Supreme Court that ruled that abortion in the United States is not a protected right in the country. The Court heard the case in December 2021 and decided that the law, passed by Mississippi in 2018, is constitutional. It made all abortions after the first 15 weeks of pregnancy illegal.

On May 2, 2022, "Politico" published a leaked draft opinion. Someone found Supreme Court Justice Samuel Alito's notes and gave them to Politico. The notes looked like a majority opinion and so they would probably match the final decision. In the draft, Alito decided to overturn "Roe v. Wade" and "Planned Parenthood v. Casey" and rejected those earlier Supreme Court cases. Those court cases made abortion legal in the United States. With those decisions gone, each state would decide for itself whether it would make abortion legal or not.
On June 24, 2022, the Supreme Court ruled in a 6-3 decision that abortion is not a protected right in the United States.

Justices Samuel Alito, Clarence Thomas, Brett Kavanaugh, Neil Gorsuch, and Amy Coney Barrett wrote the majority opinion. Stephen Breyer, Elena Kagan and Sonia Sotomayor wrote the dissenting opinion. Chief Justice John Roberts wrote a concurring opinion, which declared the law constitutional but did not overturn "Roe v. Wade", which allowed abortion.

After the leak, members of the US Senate tried to make a new law to allow abortion in the whole country. The law would stop any states from making abortion illegal, but it did not pass.

On May 14, protesters marched and held up signs in more than 380 cities across the United States, and 20,000 people marched in Washington, DC. That was called the "Bans off Our Bodies" protests.

US President Joe Biden said, "It's a sad day for the Court and for the country," and that "the health and life of women in this nation are now at risk." In a statement, former President Donald Trump took credit for the decision and called it "the biggest WIN for LIFE in a generation.”

Many world leaders and diplomats are against the decision and support abortion as a human right like UN High Commissioner for Human Rights Michelle Bachelet, Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau, British Prime Minister Boris Johnson, Belgian Prime Minister Alexander De Croo, French President Emmanuel Macron, Danish Prime Minister Mette Frederiksen, New Zealand Prime Minister Jacinda Ardern, and Greek Prime Minister Kyriakos Mitsotakis.

Massachusetts Governor Charlie Baker, a Republican, signed an executive order protecting abortion rights in the state. Democrat Governors Jay Inslee, Kate Brown, and Gavin Newsom, respectively of Washington State, Oregon, and California, also announced a creation of the "West Coast offense," a joint policy to allow and protect abortion rights.

In Florida, a new law restricts abortions to 15 weeks of pregnancy, down from 24, with no exceptions for rape or incest.

Historic district

A historic district is a part of a city that has a lot of very old buildings or statues inside it that are kept because they are historical. In the United States, the National Register of Historic Places takes care of historic districts.

Tony Brooks

Charles Anthony Standish Brooks (25 February 1932 – 3 May 2022) was a British Formula One racing driver. He was also known as the "racing dentist". He participated in 39 Formula One World Championship Grands Prix, debuting on 14 July 1956, having six wins, 10 podium finishes and 75 career points. 

He was third in the World Drivers' Championship in 1958 with Vanwall and second in 1959 with Ferrari. He was born in Dukinfield, Cheshire, England.

Brooks died on 3 May 2022 at the age of 90.

Public Square (Watertown, New York)

The Public Square is a historic district in Watertown, New York. The Public Square has 58 buildings in it. The Public Square was listed on the National Register of Historic Places on September 7, 1984.

1931 Spanish general election

The 1931 Spanish general election was an election held on June 28, 1931 during the Second Republic. It took place in several rounds .It resulted in an overwhelming victory for the right, with the CEDA and the Radicals together winning 219 seats.

Julián Besteiro

Julián Besteiro Fernández (21 September 1870 – 27 September 1940) was a Spanish politician who was elected to the Cortes Generales. In 1931, he was elected as Speaker of the Constituent Cortes of the Spanish Republic. 

Carmen Costa

Carmen Costa Cerezuela (Fraga, 1951 ─ Barcelona, May 1, 2022) was a Spanish politician and mayor of Fraga, Huesca until his death in 2022.

Carmen was born in Fraga and raised in that city. After 2019 elections, she became the first female mayor of Fraga. Her sister, Esther, worked at Piensos Costa, S.A.

In 2021, she announced that he had a tumor.

His death occurred during her tenure as mayor of Fraga, due to a Cancer. The leader of the Popular Party, and expresident of Galicia Alberto Núñez Feijoo lamented his death. Her funeral joined more than 500 people.

President of the Republic (Spain)

President of the Republic () was the title of the head of state during the Second Spanish Republic (1931–1939).

Ameba TV

Ameba is a subscription-based streaming video service.
It hosts educational TV shows, children's cartoons, and music videos via the web, mobile, tablet, smart TVs, gaming consoles, and connected smart devices. The company was founded in 2007. It is headquartered in Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada. Ameba is currently available throughout the U.S. and Canada for free through AVOD (Ad supported VOD and Linear Streaming) and SVOD (subscription). On March 21, 2019, Ameba became the first CAVCO accredited independent children's streaming service allowing content producers to meet the "shown in Canada" requirement for the Canadian Film or Video Production Tax Credit (CPTC) program.

Ameba TV is available across multiple digital viewing platforms. They include:


Ameba's content catalog has 14,000 episodes and 2,800 hours of children's shows. The shows come from small independent providers, YouTube creators and large producers from around the world. Titles are organized into multiple categories. They span several genres, including education, preschool, classics, movies, animation, music and much more. Ameba has a deep catalog of Nostalgic content from the 1980s, 1990s and 2000s.


TeachTown

TeachTown is an American software company. 
TeachTown provides educational software to schools, clinicians and parents for children with autism spectrum disorder, developmental disabilities, intellectual disabilities, or emotional and behavior disorders.

TeachTown was founded in Seattle, Washington in 2003. TeachTown had financial backing from Washington Research Foundation following its second-prize win of the University of Washington's business plan competition. This was soon followed up with support from Seattle-based angel investors, and Kevin MacDonald joining to lead technical operations. Some of the investors were parents of children with autism.
In 2006, TeachTown merged with Animated Speech Corporation. Feshbach became TeachTown's largest investor and CEO.

Terry Thoren took on the role of president and CEO in 2009.

In 2012 Dave Cappellucci assumed the CEO position. Dan Feshbach remained as chairman of the board. The company was re-capitalized and TeachTown became a subsidiary of Jigsaw Learning LLC.

Bain Capital acquired TeachTown in 2021 through its Bain Capital Double Impact program.

Transportation Security Administration

The Transportation Security Administration (TSA) is an agency of the United States Department of Homeland Security (DHS) that has authority over the security of transportation systems within, and connecting to the United States. It was created as a response to the September 11 attacks to improve airport security and safer airtravel. 

Edgewater, Maryland

Edgewater is a census-designated place (CDP) in Anne Arundel County, Maryland, United States. The population was 9,446 at the 2020 census.

Amarinder Singh

Amarinder Singh (born 11 March 1942) is an Indian politician, military historian, former royal and former veteran. He was the 15th Chief Minister of Punjab. He was a Member of the Legislative Assembly from Patiala. 

In 1980, he won a seat in the Lok Sabha for the first time. Singh resigned as the Chief Minister of Punjab on 18 September 2021.

K. Chandrashekar Rao

Kalvakuntla Chandrashekar Rao (born 17 February 1954) is an Indian politician. He is the first and current Chief Minister of Telangana since 2014. He is the founder and leader of the Bharat Rashtra Samithi. He is known for leading the Telangana movement to that led Telangana becoming an Indian state. 

Rao was the Union Minister of Labour and Employment from 2004 to 2006. He represents Gajwel constituency in the Legislative Assembly of Telangana.

Erich Barnes

Erich Theodore Barnes ( ; July 4, 1935 – April 29, 2022) was an American football defensive back in the National Football League. He was a six-time Pro Bowler. He was born in Elkhart, Indiana. He played for the Chicago Bears, New York Giants and Cleveland Browns. His career lasted from 1958 to 1971.

Barnes died on April 29, 2022 from a long-illness in East Rutherford, New Jersey at the age of 86.

Second Person (band)

Second Person was a British band formed in 2001 and performed until 2011, the 3 members were Julia Johnson, Mark Maclaine and Álvaro López.


David Birney

David Edwin Birney (April 23, 1939 – April 29, 2022) was an American actor and director. His career lasted from 1965 until his retirement in 2007. He was known for his role as Dr. Ben Samuels in "St. Elsewhere" from 1982 until 1983. He also played Bernie Steinberg in "Bridget Loves Bernie".

Birney appeared in the movies "Caravan to Vaccares" (1974), "Trial by Combat" (1976), "Au revoir à lundi" (1979), "Oh, God! Book II" (1980), "Prettykill" (1987), and "Nightfall" (1988)

He played Anakin Skywalker in the radio version of "Return of the Jedi".

Birney was born in Washington, D.C.. He was raised in Brooklyn, Ohio and Cleveland, Ohio. He studied at Dartmouth College and the University of California, Los Angeles. He was married to actress Meredith Baxter from 1974 until their divorce in 1989. They had three children.

In December 2017, it was announced that Birney was diagnosed with Alzheimer's disease. He died from the disease on April 29, 2022 in Santa Monica, California, one week after his 83rd birthday.

Fraga

Fraga (; ) is the major town of the "comarca" of Bajo Cinca () in the province of Huesca, Aragon, Spain. It is located by the river Cinca. According to the 2014 census, it had a population of 14,926 people.

Sparta, New Jersey

Sparta Township is a township in Sussex County, New Jersey, United States. As of the 2020 United States Census, the population was 19,600.

Sibel Alaş

Sibel Alaş (born February 13, 1975, İstanbul) is a Turkish pop music artist. She first became known with her song "Adam" ("The Man") in 1995.




Kshira Sagara

Kshira Sagara is said as the birth place of supreme Trimurti god Vishnu. Kshira Sagara is hindu historical place which is surrounded by pure water with powers of millions of stars, universe,constellations, etc. It is said to be the hidden heaven in earth there are lots scripts in Ramayana and Mahabharata, And it is also mentioned in tamil and sanskrit scripts. Kshira Sagara is the underground mysterious place. Which is connected with time and space.

Alakshmi

Alakshmi is the second wife of demon Kali (demon). She is often recounted as “cow-repelling, antelope-footed, and bull-toothed."

Kamadeva

Kamdeva is the god of love in Hindu mythology. Kamdeva is the son of God Vishnu and Lakshmi. He is also called as cupid. Kamdeva is also mentioned in Shivpurana.

Bernardo (footballer, born 1995)

Bernardo Fernandes da Silva Junior (born 14 May 1995), player name Bernardo, is a Brazilian professional footballer. He plays for Austrian Bundesliga side Red Bull Salzburg.

Bernardo started his career at Audax São Paulo. Then he went on to Red Bull Brasil in 2012. After three matches in the Campeonato Paulista Série A2 he went on loan to Ponte Preta but he was only three times on the bench and was sent back to the Red Bulls. 2015 he made three matches in the 2015 Campeonato Brasileiro Série D.

2016 he went to Red Bull Salzburg in the Austrian Bundesliga. His debut was on 7 February 2016 in the 2–1 Bundesliga victory over Admira.

Bernardo joined RB Leipzig on 28 August 2016 for £3.4m. For Leipzig he played 32 matches in his first season. In his second season, he played 27 games for Leipzig.

On 5 July 2018he went to Brighton & Hove Albion from Leipzig for £9 million. Bernardo made his debut for on 11 August in a 2–0 away loss to Watford. He played 22 Premier League matches in his first season with Brighton. He scored his first goal for on 17 September 2020 in a 4–0 home victory over Portsmouth in the EFL Cup. 

On 19 January 2021 Bernardo returned to Red Bull Salzburg on a loan until the end of the season. 5 days later he made second debut for Salzburg coming on as a substitute in the 61st minute . Bernardo scored his first goal since his return on the 22 May versus WSG Wattens

Bernardo signed permanently for Salzburg on 2 July 2021. 
In August 2023 he went to VfL Bochum in the Bundesliga.
Bernardo is the son of former Brazil international footballer Bernardo Fernandes da Silva.

Red Bull Salzburg

Nico Mantl

Nico Mantl (born 6 February 2000) is a German professional footballer. He plays as a goalkeeper for Austrian Bundesliga club Red Bull Salzburg and the Germany U21 national football team.

He started with FC Deisenhofen and then went on to Unterhaching where he was the first goalkeeper. Mantl went on to Austrian Bundesliga side Red Bull Salzburg in January 2021, signing a four-and-a-half year contract.



Majority illusion

In mathematics, the majority illusion or majority paradox is a math paradox that explain how bias are created. It applies to social media and it has a connection with graph theory, data science and statistics.

It was first proposed by Kristina Lerman, Principal Information Scientist and mathematician at the University of Southern California. 

Using graph theory we can imagine a network of 10 people, where 8 believe that God exists, and 2 that it does not exist. If a God believer is friend of those 2 who does not believe in God, that person will think that the "majority" are not believers, while the number of people of people believing that God exists quadruples the number of people who does not.

As Eduardo Saénz, Spanish mathematician said, "using complex data science and statistics, we can create algorithms which provide help for understanding complex networks, such as social media".

On Twitter, this illusion is often displayed. In 2020, a movement start growing in social media to pass from bots in order to do not give them support.

Scinax similis

Cochran's snouted tree frog ("Scinax similis") is a frog that lives in Brazil.

Peoples of Balkan in Turkey

Peoples of Balkan in Turkey, (Turkish: Balkan Muhacirleri or Balkan Göçmenleri) are Rumelian-Turks like the Balkans-Yörüks and Gajal, and other ethnic Non Turks Balkan peoples, the Muslim Slavs like Pomak, Gorani, Bosniaks, Torbesh, Chitatsi, Non Slavs Muslim like Patriyotlar, Nantinets, Albanians and Xoraxane Roma who are Muslims, living in Turkey. At the Greek War of Independence 1821–1829, Crimean War 1853–1856, Russo-Turkish War (1877–1878), Balkan Wars 1912-1913, World War I 1914-1918, Greco-Turkish War 1919 -1922, the Treaty of Lausanne in 1923 and the Explusion of Turks from Yugoslavia in 1938, and aftermath of World War II 1945-1968, many Balkans Muslims of different Ethnicity was expelled from the those parts of the Balkans, who once belongend to the Ottoman Empire to settle in Turkey.,


Donald's Better Self

Donald's Better Self is a 1938 Disney cartoon featuring Donald Duck. This 8 minute short was first shown in March 1938. It was distributed by RKO Radio Pictures.


The short was released on May 18, 2004, on "".


Samsung Galaxy Z Flip3

The Samsung Galaxy Z Flip3 is a foldable smartphone that was released in 2021.

The Samsung Galaxy Z Flip3 has a display when folded and display when unfolded.

The Samsung Galaxy Z Flip3 has two rear cameras: 12 MP and 12 MP.

Ambulance (2005 movie)

Ambulance () is a 2005 Danish action thriller movie. It was directed by Laurits Munch-Petersen. He co-wrote the movie with Lars Andreas Pedersen. Tee movie stars Paw Henriksen, Thomas Bo Larsen and Helle Fagralid. It follows two brothers who rob a bank and steal an ambulance to escape police chasing after them. After they steal the ambulance, they discover a nurse and a patient are in it. The movie was released on 15 July 2005.

Garabit Viaduct

The Garabit Viaduct () is a railway arch bridge spanning the Truyère river, near Ruynes-en-Margeride, Cantal, France, in the mountainous Massif Central region.

The bridge was built between 1882 and 1884 by Gustave Eiffel, with structural engineering by Maurice Koechlin, and was opened in 1885. It is in length and has a principal arch with a span of .

In 1976, it was used to represent the fictional crumbling "Cassandra Crossing" bridge in the movie "The Cassandra Crossing", which collapses.


He Fell in Love with His Wife

He Fell in Love with His Wife is a 1916 American silent drama movie directed by William Desmond Taylor and starring Florence Rockwell, Forrest Stanley, Lydia Yeamans Titus. It was distributed by Paramount Pictures.

AeroVironment

AeroVironment is an American defense contractor that primarily deals with unmanned aerial vehicles (UAVs). The headquarters is located in Arlington, Virginia. The company was founded by Paul B. McCready, Jr., a muscle car designer, in 1971. The company is best known for developing a series of human-powered and later solar-powered light vehicles. AeroVironment is the leading supplier of small drones to the Pentagon, including the Raven, Wasp and Puma models.

Airpush

Airpush is an American private company founded in 2010 working in the sphere of mobile advertising. It is one of the largest mobile ad platforms. The company is based in Los Angeles, California. Airpush was founded by Asher Delug.

Medio (company)

Medio Systems is a US company engaged in realtime predictive analysis services and software development. Founded in 2004. Headquartered in Seattle. It has been owned by Nokia since 2014.

Medio software is based on the cloud computing framework Apache Hadoop, and analyzes large amounts of data for mobile users. Historical and predictive analysis of pre-existing data is offered.

Juicy Juice

Juicy Juice is a Californian company that produces juices for children. Their products are being sold in the United States. It's motto is: "100% Juice." Juicy Juice was founded in 1977 by a company-subsidiary of Nestle.

Brynwood Partners

Brynwood Partners is an American private investment company. It was founded in 1984. It is headquartered in Greenwich, Connecticut. In 2005 the company raised five investment funds of $ 250 million. These funds allow the company to own Juicy Juice, Balance Bar, and Pearson's Candy Company.

University of Asia Pacific

University of Asia Pacific (UAP) was made in 1996 as a private university. It was made under the Private University Act 1992. It has a vision to enhance the opportunities for higher education in Bangladesh. 
Its curriculum has been approved by The University Grants Commission of the Government of Bangladesh. The university started its operation, i.e. the first semester of classes, in 1996. They offered four-year bachelor degree programs in Computer Science and Technology and Business Administration only. Now UAP has undergraduate programs in Architecture, Business Administration, Civil and Environmental Engineering, Computer Science and Engineering and Pharmacy. 
UAP has been sponsored by University of Asia Pacific Foundation, a non-profit, non-commercial organization based in Dhaka, Bangladesh. The aim of the Foundation is to promote human and social development through, inter alia, improved educational opportunities, innovative educational programs relevant to the needs of an emerging society and to develop skills, know how and awareness of the youth through appropriate institutional means.

The foundation has been made by a group of eminent educationists, industrialists and administrators who share the same vision and social commitments. The University of Asia Pacific is the first project of the foundation aimed for these goals.

Google Fiber

Google Fiber is a company within the Alphabet holding. Its main product is a project to create an infrastructure for a broadband Internet access network using fiber optics. The project has been implemented in two parts of the Kansas City metropolitan area (Kansas City, Missouri, and Kansas City, Kansas). Still, expansion is planned in Kansas City North, Kansas City South, Westwood, Westwood Hills, and Mission Woods. The city-pioneer was chosen by competition. Google announced its choice on March 30, 2011.

By July 2012, the network infrastructure was successfully laid and ready for operation. At the same time, Google announced tariff plans for accessing the network. Three projects were offered: free broadband, 1Gbps for $70/month, and the previous version with TV service for $120/month. In addition to Internet access, subscribers get one terabyte of Google Drive storage, and TV plan subscribers also get a DVR with two terabytes of storage for recording TV shows. It is noteworthy that the video recorder can record up to 8 TV channels simultaneously, and the Nexus 7 is included with the TV set, which is used as a remote control to control the entire system. In addition, the TV service can stream video to iPads and Android tablets.

CNN+

CNN+ (pronounced as "CNN Plus") is a subscription streaming service and online news channel owned by the CNN division of WarnerMedia News & Sports. Announced on July 19, 2021, CNN+ launched on March 29, 2022.

CNN+ is the shortest-lived service under the Warner Bros. Discovery/Turner Broadcasting umbrella. It broke the previous record set by the Cable Music Channel. The Cable Music Channel lasted 35 days between October 26 and November 30, 1984.


Reverse of a number

The reverse of a number is a mathematical method to obtain from a number another written in the opposite way to the first.

For example, the reverse of 1234 is 4321. 

Given a positive integer formula_1, the integer which has the same digits in the reverse order is:

formula_2

Obtaining the reverse of a number is useful to predict if a number is Lychrel or not.

Zlatko Junuzović

Zlatko Junuzović ( born 26 September 1987) is an Austrian former professional footballer. From 2006 to 2017 he played in the Austrian national team. 

Junuzović moved with his parents to Austria in 1992. He played for the youth teams of Grazer AK.

In 2015 he made his debut for Grazer AK in the Bundesliga. In summer 2007 Junuzović moved to SK Austria Kärnten and 2009 to FK Austria Wien.

In 2010 he was awarded by the managers of the league teams Austrian Footballer of the Year and the fans voted him "Player of the Year" in the annual award of the newspaper Kronen Zeitung.

In January 2012 Junuzović went to Bundesliga club SV Werder Bremen and played till 2018 for the team. In 2015 Junuzović was voted as "Player of the Season" by Werder's fans. In April 2018 he left Bremen after six and half years at the club. He joined FC Red Bull Salzburg in the Austrian Bundesliga. He played there until 2022 and then his contract was not extended. He ended his career and became assistant coach of FC Liefering.

Junuzović was born in the Serbian town of Loznica to a Bosnian family.

Junuzović played for Austria at the 2007 FIFA U-20 World Cup. where they reached the fourth place. In March 2006 he made his debut for the Austria national football team in friendly match against Canada. He also played for Austria at the 2016 Euros.

In October 2017 Junuzović retired from the national team.

Red Bull Salzburg

Lino Capolicchio

Lino Capolicchio (21 August 1943 – 3 May 2022) was an Italian actor, screenwriter, and movie director. He was born in Merano, Italy. He was known for his roles in "The Garden of the Finzi-Continis" and "The House with Laughing Windows". For three seasons, Capolicchio was the voice dub for Bo Duke in the Italian broadcasts of "The Dukes of Hazzard".

Capolicchio died on 3 May 2022 in Rome, Italy at the age of 78.

Monarchy of Sweden

The monarchy of Sweden is the monarchical head of state of Sweden. Sweden is a constitutional and hereditary monarchy with a parliamentary system. Sweden was originally an elective monarchy, it became an hereditary monarchy in the 16th century during the rule of Gustav Vasa. 

Thomas Howard, 3rd Duke of Norfolk

Thomas Howard (1473 - 25 August 1554) was an English politician. He was an able soldier and was imprisoned during Edward VI's reign. He was pardoned by Mary of England in 1553. He was restored to his dukedom and died on 25 August 1554.

Mieke Wijaya

Miecke Marie De Rijder (17 March 1939 – 3 May 2022) was an Indonesian actress and model. She was born in Bandung, West Java, Dutch East Indies. Wijaya won three Citra Awards in 1967, 1975 and 1981. Her best known roles were in "Tiga Dara", "Badai Pasti Berlalu" and "Verses of Love".

Wijaya died at her home in Jakarta, Indonesia on 3 May 202 from problems caused by leukaemia and diabetes, aged 83. 

Royal Court of Sweden

The Royal Court of Sweden () is the official name of the organisation that supports the monarch, and the royal house. King Carl XVI Gustaf, the current monarch, is the head of the Royal Court.


House of Bernadotte

The House of Bernadotte is the royal house of Sweden since its 1818. It was also the royal house of Norway between 1818 and 1905. It was founded by Charles XIV John of Sweden, who was born in Pau in southern France. 

Bolognese (dog)

The Bolognese is a small Italian dog breed that owes its name to the city of Bologna. The Bolognese is a toy dog with a delicate and fine build, a popular and adaptable companion and family dog, very adventurous. It has curly coat that is pure white in color.

The Bologneserspitz was a German breed of toy dog, mixed of Pomeranian and Bolognese dog.

Miranda July

Miranda July (born Miranda Jennifer Grossinger; February 15, 1974) is an American movie director, screenwriter, singer, actress and author. She wrote, directed and starred in the movies "Me and You and Everyone We Know" (2005) and "The Future" (2011) and wrote and directed "Kajillionaire" (2020).

Barre (town), Vermont

Barre is a town in Washington County, Vermont, United States. The population was 7,923 at the 2020 census. 

Madison Gesiotto

Madison Mari Gesiotto Gilbert (née Gesiotto; born March 20, 1992) is an American attorney and politician. Gesiotto Gilbert won Miss Ohio USA 2014 and represented Ohio at that year's Miss USA. Gesiotto Gilbert was the Republican nominee for U.S. Representative in the 2022 election in Ohio's 13th congressional district. She lost the election in November 2022 to Emilia Sykes.

Steve Chabot

Steven Joseph Chabot ( ; born January 22, 1953) is an American politician and lawyer. He has been the United States representative for since 2011. He is a member of the Republican Party. In 2022, Chabot lost his re-election campaign to Democrat Greg Landsman.

Stan Lundine

Stanley Nelson Lundine (born February 4, 1939) is an American politician. He was the Lieutenant Governor of New York from 1987 until 1994. He was also a member of the United States House of Representatives from 1976 until 1986. From 1970 until 1976, he was the Mayor of Jamestown, New York.

Neal McCaleb

Neal A. "Chief" McCaleb (born 1935) is an American civil engineer and Republican politician. He is a member of the Chickasaw Nation. He was the Assistant Secretary of the Interior for Indian Affairs under President George W. Bush from 2001 until 2003.

McCaleb was Oklahoma Secretary of Transportation from 1987 until 1991 and again from 1995 until 2001. He was a member of the Oklahoma House of Representatives from 1975 until 1983. He was born in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma.

P-adic number

-adic numbers come from an alternate way of defining the distance between two rational numbers.

-adic numbers are based in modular arithmetic, which is a method of counting that loops back on itself, like a clock. 2018 Fields Medalist Peter Scholze is an expert in this area.

The -adic numbers were invented at the beginning of the twentieth century by the German mathematician Kurt Hensel. The aim was to make the methods of power series expansions, which play such a dominant role in the theory of functions, available to the theory of numbers as well.

The -adic absolute value gives us a new way to measure the distance between two numbers. The -adic distance between two numbers x and y is the -adic absolute value of the number x-y.

The Wrong Trousers

The Wrong Trousers is a 1993 British Stop-motion animated short film directed by Nick Park featuring his characters Wallace and Gromit, and was produced by Aardman Animations in association with Wallace and Gromit Ltd.

"The Wrong Trousers" takes place in the United States on 17 December 1993, and the United Kingdom on 26 December 1993 on BBC Two It was commercially successful, and won the Academy Award for Animated Short Film in 1994. It also inspired a charity fundraising day, known as "Wrong Trousers Day".


Alessandra Biaggi

Alessandra Rose Biaggi (born May 20, 1986) is an American politician. She is a member of the New York State Senate since 2019.

In February 2022, Biaggi announced her candidacy to the U.S. Representative for New York's 3rd congressional district. She lost the Democratic nomination in the August 2022 primaries.

Joaquim de Almeida

Joaquim António Portugal Baptista de Almeida (born 15 March 1957) is a Portuguese-American actor. He is known for playing Andrea Bonanno in the 1987 movie "Good Morning, Babylon", Félix Cortez in the 1994 thriller "Clear and Present Danger" and Bucho in the 1995 action thriller "Desperado". 

He also played Ramon Salazar on the Fox thriller drama series "24", between 2003 and 2004, and Hernan Reyes in the 2011 movie "Fast Five".

Oakum

Oakum is a type of rope made of tarred fibre. It is normally used to fill gaps. The main traditional use of oakum was in shipbuilding. It was used for caulking, It was used to fill areas between timbers in wooden vessels and the deck planking of iron and steel ships. Oakum was also used in plumbing to seal connections in cast iron pipe and in log cabins for chinking. In ship caulking, it was put into the seams using a hammer and a caulking iron, then sealed into place with hot pitch.

Antoine Bernède

Antoine Joseph Emmanuel Bernède (born 26 May 1999) is a French professional footballer. He plays as a midfielder for Austrian Bundesliga club Red Bull Salzburg.

Bernède started his career with FC Solitaires Paris-Est and in 2012 he went on to Paris Saint-Germain. He made his professional debut on 4 August 2018 in the Trophée des Champions. He came in in the 74th minute for Thiago Silva in the 4–0 win against Monaco.

On 6 February 2019 Bernède signed with Austrian Bundesliga club Red Bull Salzburg.

Bernède's mother is Cameroonian and his father is French.

Paris Saint-Germain

Red Bull Salzburg


Lawrence Agyekum

Lawrence Agyekum (born 23 November 2003) is a Ghanaian footballer. He plays as a midfielder for Austrian side Liefering on loan from Red Bull Salzburg.He also played in the FC Rdd Bull Salzburg squad in the UEFA Youth League 2021-22.

Agyekum started his career with West African Football Academy. He came to the senior team in December 2019. He debuted on 24 January 2020 coming in for Michael Danso Agyemang against Liberty Professionals. He made 5 league matches before the league was cancelled.After the restart he was on the club's squad list for the 2020–21 season. He scored his debut goal on 24 February 2021 

On 7 February 2022 Agyekum went to the Austrian club Red Bull Salzburg and signed a contract till 2026 . He was loaned to Liefering. He also played for the FC Red Bull Salzburg U19 in the UEFA Youth League. 

22nd Army Corps (Russian Federation)

The 22nd army corps is a division of the Russian Armed Forces.

Aztec calendar

The Aztec calendar is an ancient calendar system used by the Aztec people of Central America. The calendar is different from the Gregorian calendar in that there was a 260 day ritual year, with a century lasting 52 years rather than 100 years.

Cook (profession)

When it comes to professions, a cook or cooker is someone who prepares meals primarily by cooking them. A cook typically has a lower rank than a chef.


Activities of daily living

Activities of daily living are the basic grooming, chores and other related activities of everyday life. These include cooking, financial skills, putting on and removing one's clothes, brushing one's teeth, etc.

Chore

A chore is a task, specifically a maintenance or cleaning task, especially in a domestic setting.

Grooming

Grooming is a range of activities done to improve or maintain appearance and or hygiene. Examples include combing hair, bathing and showering, brushing teeth, spraying perfume, etc.

Motor skills

Motor skills are the skills involving motion and dexterity of human muscles coordinating with the brain and nervous system.

Developmental disability

A developmental disability is an disability that starts when someone is very young.

Some examples of developmental disabilities are:


Developmental disabilities can make some things harder. Some people can't speak out loud. Some people need extra help learning how to read. Developmental disabilities can be mental or physical or both. Sometimes developmental disability can be diagnosed when someone is young. For example, if a child has trouble walking, they might have a developmental disability. Sometimes developmental disability isn't diagnosed until later. For example, some autistic people are diagnosed as adults. They were still autistic as babies, but it is hard to tell sometimes.

There are many causes for developmental disabilities. Doctors don't know most of the causes. Many developmental disabilities are genetic. You inherit genes from both of your parents. Sometimes when you inherit genes from your parents, there is a mutation. A mutation is an unexpected change in your genes. Some mutations cause developmental disabilities like Down syndrome and Fragile X syndrome.

Some developmental disabilities are caused by outside conditions. For example, fetal alcohol syndrome can be caused by the mother drinking alcohol while pregnant. Sometimes lead poisoning can also cause developmental disabilities.

Many people with developmental disabilities also have physical issues or disabilities as well. Some issues are symptoms of the condition. For example, dyspraxia is a disability where someone has trouble with movement and coordination. Other conditions or disabilities are commonly associated with developmental disabilities. For example, people with Down syndrome are more likely to have epilepsy than someone without the condition.

People with developmental disabilities are more likely to develop mental illnesses or other mental health issues than people without developmental disabilities. When someone has both a developmental disability and a mental illness, this is called a dual diagnosis. An estimated 30 to 35% of people with developmental disabilities also have a mental illness

There are a couple reasons for that:


People with developmental disabilities are more likely to develop:


Throughout history, society considered people with developmental disabilities as "lesser" and used that justification to treat people with developmental disabilities badly. People with developmental disabilities were considered a "problem" or a "burden" that needed to be solved.

In ancient Europe, people with developmental disabilities were considered lesser. In Greece and Rome, children with developmental disabilities were often left to die. Aristotle wrote, "as to the exposure and rearing of children, let there be a law that no deformed child shall live." In the medical field, Greek scholars like Hippocrates and Galen proposed that the source of disability is a problem in the brain.

In the Bible, Jesus was kind to people with disabilities and often performed "miracle cures" such as restoring a blind person's sight. In 1 Thessalonians 5:14, Paul wrote: "comfort the feeble-minded." Some Christians saw it as charity to care for people with developmental disabilities.

The Middle Ages saw the beginning of institutions. Former places for people with leprosy were converted to house people considered deviant, which included people with disabilities. The Catholic Church established orphanages for abandoned infants. In England, "poor laws" created places for people to live and work. Conditions in all of these institutions was inhumane and many died.

Most societies thought that people with disabilities should be segregated and imprisoned. In the 1800s and 1950s, institutions became common. Some hoped to educate people with developmental disabilities and others were just warehouses to keep people. Regardless of intent, the conditions were often very poor.

Jean-Etienne Dominique Esquirol (1782-1840) provided the first classification system for intellectual disability, dividing people into "idiots" and "imbeciles." Imbeciles were "generally well formed, and their organization is nearly normal. They enjoy the use of the intellectual and affective faculties, but in less degree than the perfect man, and they can be developed only to a certain extent." Idiots were "Incapable of attention, idiots cannot control their senses. They hear, but do not understand; they see, but do not regard. Having no ideas, and thinking not, they have nothing to desire; therefore have no need of signs, nor of speech." While these classifications seem to be based on intellectual capacity, it is not that simple. Anyone who could not speak would be considered an "idiot." Many people who today would not be diagnosed with an intellectual disability, were considered an "imbecile" or "idiot" under the terms of the day.

Dorothea Dix, an American reformer, petitioned Congress for better care for people with disabilities. She asked for 5 million acres to care for people with disabilities, which Congress gave. Despite her good intentions, this began the era of public institutions.

Disability benefits

Disability benefits are social security benefits designed for people who need help and have extra costs due to severe disability.

Rhotacism

Rhotaicism is a speech disorder that makes it difficult or impossible to produce any R sounds. Most people with rhotaicism convert the R sound to a W sound. Rhotaicism is not to be confused with non-rhoticity.

Moritz Neumann

Moritz Neumann (born 25 February 2005) is an Austrian footballer. He plays as a forward for Austrian Second League club FC Liefering. He also plays for the U18 Academy team of FC Red Bull Salzburg.

He started his career with SVg Mayrhofen then he went on to SV Innsbruck. 2019 he went on to the FC Red Bull Salzburg Academy. In February 2022 he debuted for FC Liefering in the second league when he was in the starting XI versus SKN St. Pölten. 

Periodic table (alternate)

The German physician, physicist and chemist Julius Lothar Meyer developed a table of elements of a horizontal form in 1862 and an expanded version in 1864 Julius Lothar Meyer. And after the Russian chemist Dmitry Ivanovich Mendeleev published a draft version of the Periodic Table of Chemical Elements of vertical form in 1869, Julius Lothar Meyer published the vertical form of the Periodic Table of Elements of his edition in 1870. Thus, an important difference between the Periodic Table of Elements according to Meyer and the Periodic Table of Elements according to Mendeleev became apparent. But Mendeleev from 1970-1971 began to display his edition of the Periodic Table of Elements only in horizontal form. It is likely that the unnatural separation of the first elements in the periods from the subsequent elements by meticulous scientists and ordinary people would not be perceived as an unnatural soaring. 
Meyer ended the periods on an element of the group of alkaline earth metals. And Mendeleev ended the periods on the element of the halogen group. Therefore, in Meyer's Periodic Table of Elements there are no gaps between the first 1, 2 or 3 elements and subsequent elements in the second and subsequent periods. In the Periodic Table of Elements according to Mendeleev, the first two (after the discovery of noble gases in 1902 - three) elements hang unnaturally above the subsequent elements of the periods, there is no such incident in the Periodic Table of Elements according to Meyer.
The Swiss chemist Alfred Werner published his own edition of the horizontal form of the Periodic Table of Elements in 1905, where he finished the periods on the element of the noble gases group. Where the first two elements in the periods were displayed in isolation from the subsequent elements of the periods. Many scientists attributed this edition of the Periodic Table of Elements to Mendeleev.

Here are the modern editions of the Periodic Table of Elements according to Meyer, Mendeleev and Werner. <nowiki>~~~~</nowiki>

<nowiki>~~~~</nowiki>

Scinax baumgardneri

Baumgardner's snouted tree frog ("Scinax baumgardneri") is a frog. Scientists have seen it in exactly three places, all in Venezuela.

Alvin Leung

Born march 13th 1961, he is from Hong Kong and was born in English borders(USA). He is a famous chef and has two Michelin stars at his restaurant Bo Innovation. Lelung is also called the demon chef for his creation of the X-treme cuisine.

Farinelli

Farinelli (; 24 January 1705 – 16 September 1782) was the stage name of Carlo Maria Michelangelo Nicola Broschi (). He was a castrato singer.


Jim O'Rourke

Jim O'Rourke is an American musician.


3D Maze

3D Maze is the name used for a screensaver made in OpenGL that was in Microsoft Windows from Windows 95 to Windows ME.

All mazes have random paths, and start at a floating start button. The maze is automatically solved with the left-hand rule, which always works because it is simply connected.

The maze has brick walls, a wooden floor and an asbestos tile ceiling. Custom pictures can be used. Later versions include animated psychedelic patterns.

The maze has floating "OpenGL" logos, globe images on the walls (from the OpenGL Programming Guide's cover), and an image of a rat also moving through the maze. Touching polyhedric gray rocks flips the camera upside down and swaps the floor and ceiling. Reaching the exit or touching another gray rock switches them back.

The maze's exit is a floating, translucent smiley face. Touching it resets the screensaver.

A 2D map, which uses simple vector graphics, can be enabled. The "player" is shown as a blue triangle, the start as a red triangle, the smiley face as a green triangle, the rocks as rotating white triangles, the OpenGL logos as stationary white triangles, and the rat as an orange triangle.

Cornell University's Maze in a Box, which draws 3D graphics with a Atmel Mega32 microcontroller, was inspired by 3D Maze. In 2017, independent video game developer Cahoots Malone used assets from the original ssmaze.scr file to make it into "Screensaver Subterfuge", a video game.

XScreenSaver 5.39, released in April 2018, has a similar screensaver, Maze3D, which was made by "Sudoer".

Writing for "Bustle", Jessica Blankenship knew of nothing as "mesmerizing, alluring, frustrating, and exquisite" as getting lost in 3D Maze. "Slate"'s Jacob Brogan said 3D Maze is a "harried, first-person rush through a brick-walled labyrinth" and similar to an "intelligence at work", and compared it to watching one's grandparents play "Wolfenstein 3D" "while sitting in silence as they haplessly mashed the keypad".

Gheorghe Gheorghiu-Dej

Gheorghe Gheorghiu-Dej (8 November 1901 – 19 March 1965) was a Romanian communist politician and electrician. He was the first Communist leader of Romania from 1947 to 1965, serving as first secretary of the Romanian Communist Party (ultimately "Romanian Workers' Party", PMR) from 1944 to 1954 and from 1955 to 1965, and as the first Communist Prime Minister of Romania from 1952 to 1955. He was also the first communist dictator of Romania before Nicolae Ceaușescu .

Traffic light problem

The traffic light problems are a type of mathematical problems involving several distant traffic lights out of phase and a car moving at a constant speed.

Imagine a 1-meter road, with a traffic light in the background that changes from red to green every 10 seconds. If the car travels at 1 meter per second, we can guarantee that unless it starts in second 9 of being green, it will always have to wait less than 10 seconds.

C. S. Lee

Charles Seung-hee Lee (; born December 30, 1971), known professionally as C. S. Lee, is a South Korean-born American actor and comedian. He is perhaps best known for playing Vince Masuka on the Showtime drama series "Dexter".

Józef Leśniak

Józef Krzysztof Leśniak (6 March 1968 – 4 May 2022) was a Polish politician. He was a member of the Law and Justice party. He was in the Sejm from 2015 to 2019. Leśniak was born in Limanowa, Poland.

Leśniak died on 4 May 2022 at the age of 54.

Harm Ottenbros

Harm Ottenbros (27 June 1943 – 4 May 2022) was a Dutch road bicycle racer. He raced as a professional from 1967 to 1976. He won a gold medal and rainbow jersey at the 1969 world cycling championship road race in Zolder, Belgium. He was born in Alkmaar.

Ottenbros died in Strijen at the age of 78.

Lalli Partinen

Lalli Simo Samuli Partinen (20 August 1941 – 4 May 2022) was a Finnish professional ice hockey player. He played for HIFK and SaiPa. He competed in the men's tournament at the 1968 Winter Olympics. He was honored into the Finnish Hockey Hall of Fame in 1987. He was born in Kannonkoski, Finland.

Partinen died of COVID-19 at hospital in Lappeenranta, Finland on 4 May 2022, at the age of 80.

Odir Rocha

Manoel Odir Rocha (12 February 1941 – 4 May 2022) was a Brazilian politician. He was a member of the Reform Progressive Party. He was mayor of Palmas from 1997 to 2000 and briefly was in the Chamber of Deputies from February to March 1995. He was born in Araguari, Brazil. 

Rocha died in Palmas on 4 May 2022 at the age of 81.

Araguari

Araguari is a city in western Minas Gerais state, Brazil. It is in the northern Triângulo Mineiro region. The population in 2020 was 117,825.

Regina Reyes Mandanas

Regina Ongsiako Reyes-Mandanas (July 3, 1964 – May 5, 2022) was a Filipino politician. She was a member of the Philippine House of Representatives from 2013 until 2016. Reyes Mandanas was born in Manila, the Philippines.

Reyes Mandanas died on May 5, 2022 at a hospital in Makati, Philippines from problems caused by sepsis at the age of 57.

Kailua, Hawaii

Kailua () is a census-designated place (CDP) in Honolulu County, Hawaii, United States.

Gerry Lindgren

Gerald "Gerry" Paul Lindgren (born March 9, 1946) is an American track and field runner. He set many long-standing high school and national records in the United States. In 1965, Lindgren and Billy Mills both broke the world record for the six-mile run when they finished in an extremely rare tie at the AAU National Championships, both running exactly 27:11.6.

Kirby and the Forgotten Land

Kirby and The Forgotten Land is a 2022 3D platform game in the Kirby series. It is the first Kirby game to be in 3D. It was released on March 25, 2022.
"Forgotten Land" adapts the gameplay of previous entries into a 3D space. Kirby can no longer infinitely jump, instead he has limits. Two new abilities, Ranger and Drill, show up for the first time. 

Kirby can suck or inhale various objects or people and transform into them. Kirby can get special abilities this way. 

Kirby has to find Waddle Dees in levels. When Kirby gets more Waddle Dees, they build more stuff in Waddle Dee Town.

Kirby is sent to another world, where his friends, the Waddle Dees, are being kidnapped by the Beast Pack. Kirby meets a cute blue creature named Elfilin, and they work together to save the Waddle Dees. They then discover that King Dedede is helping the Beast Pack. Dedede kidnaps Elfilin and flies away. They then save Dedede from being controlled by the Beast Pack, and go into Lab Discovera. 

In Lab Discovera, they fight a lion named Leongar, who wants to use an alien to go to a different world. After you beat Leongar, the alien is woken up, and combines with Elfilin to become Fecto Elfilis, who tries to crash Kirby's home planet, Planet Popstar, into this world. Kirby beats Fecto Elfilis, and then Elfilin stops the two worlds from crashing.

Democratic Coalition (Hungary)

The Democratic Coalition (, DK) is a social-liberal political party in Hungary led by former Prime Minister Ferenc Gyurcsány. 

Bally's Chicago

Bally's Chicago is an approved casino resort that will be built in Chicago, Illinois, the United States. In May 2022, Mayor Lori Lightfoot approved Bally's Corporation's bid to build a casino area in the city. It will be located in the city's River West neighborhood near the Chicago River.

In April 2021, Lightfoot announced that the "casino-resort" would have a 500-room hotel, meeting space, restaurants, bars and entertainment venues. 

The goal for this casino was to create a $200 million in annual tax revenue from the casino to fund police and firefighter pension funds.

A casino run by Rush Street Gaming with a location at the South Loop and Chinatown along the Chicago River and a proposal from Hard Rock to build the casino near Soldier Field were also discussed. The James R. Thompson Center was also seen as a possible casino location.

On May 5, 2022, Lightfoot announced that she had selected the bid from the Bally's Corporation.

Across the Plains (1910 movie)

Across the Plains is a 1910 American silent Western movie. It was directed by Francis Boggs. The movie stars Hobart Bosworth.


Gary Farrelly

Gary Farrelly (born 1983) is a contemporary Irish artist based in Brussels.

He graduated from the National College of Art and Design in Dublin in 2006. His work involves utopic, and infrastructural themes.

Ayumi Ishida (actress)

Ayumi Ishida (いしだあゆみ) is a Japanese popular actress and singer. She was born on March 26, 1948 in Nagasaki, Japan.

Ishida has officially started as a singer in 1964. Then in December, 1968 her early recording "Blue Light Yokohama" (ja:ブルー・ライト・ヨコハマ) was made public by a songwriter Kyohei Tsutsumi (筒美京平). This single recording was her biggest hit, and nominated as a best vocal performance award in Japan. Thanks to its hit, she was introduced on a then NHK program "紅白歌合戦" in the same year and became popular throughout Japan.

Ishida also acted as actress on dramas on television, too. She appeared on many movies such as "男はつらいよ".

Her major hit songs were as follows.
<br>



Moe Kamikokuryo

Moe Kamikokuryo was born on October 24, 1999, in Kumamoto Prefecture, Japan.

In November 2015, Kamikokuryo was chosen as the sole fourth-generation member of Angerme.


Akari Takeuchi

Akari Takeuchi was born on November 23, 1997, in Saitama, Japan.

In 2008, Takeuchi joined Hello! Pro Egg alongside Mizuki Fukumura and Rie Kaneko.

In 2011, Takeuchi as well as Kana Nakanishi, Fuyuka Kosuga, Rina Katsuta and Meimi Tamura were announced as sub-members of S/mileage.

Ronald Lopatni

Ronald Lopatni (also spelled Lopatny; 19 September 1944 – 5 May 2022) was a Croatian professional water polo player. He was known for winning a gold medal in Mexico City in the 1968 Summer Olympics with the Yugoslavian water polo team. Lopatni was born in Zagreb, present-day Croatia.

Lopatni died on 5 May 2022 in Zagreb at the age of 77.

Lucy Torres-Gomez

Lucy Torres-Gomez (born Lucy Marie Martinez Torres; December 11, 1974), is a Filipina actress and politician. She was the Representative for Leyte's 4th legislative district from June 2013 to June 2022. She was a representative before from June 2010 to March 2013. In 2022, she became Mayor of Ormoc.

She is married to Ormoc mayor Richard Gomez.

Bienvenido Nebres

Bienvenido F. Nebres (born March 15, 1940) is a Filipino scientist, mathematician, and Jesuit. He was the longest-serving university president of the Ateneo de Manila University, serving from 1993 until 2011. He currently is a member of the board of trustees of Georgetown University, Regis University, the Asian Institute of Management.

He is also a member of the board of directors of Philippine Long Distance Telephone Company.

Karine Jean-Pierre

Karine Jean-Pierre (born August 13, 1974) is a French-born American political campaign organizer, activist, political commentator, and author. She is the 35th White House Press Secretary since May 13, 2022. She was the White House Principal Deputy Press Secretary from 2021 until 2022. She is the first black person and the first openly LGBTQ person to be Press Secretary.

Jean-Pierre was the chief of staff for Democratic vice presidential nominee Kamala Harris on the 2020 United States presidential campaign and was the first Black woman, and the first lesbian, to ever hold that position. 

Jean-Pierre was born in Martinique, France to Haitian immigrant parents. She was raised in Queens, New York.

Jean-Pierre is openly lesbian.

CASAS

CASAS is an American organization that tests adult general and English knowledge. 
CASAS (Comprehensive Adult Student Assessment System) also provides training in various areas. Some educational systems use the CASAS test for ESL (English as a second language) placement. It used to be called the California Adult Student Assessment System. Sixty agencies in California use the test, including state prisons and county jails. Connecticut bases its testing on CASAS, but calls it the Connecticut Competency System. The New Jersey Department of Labor and Workforce Development also uses the test.

The CASAS Educational Functioning Levels are 1 - Beginning ESL Literacy; 2 - Low Beginning ESL; 3 - High Beginning ESL; 4 - Low Intermediate ESL; 5 - High Intermediate ESL; 6 - Low Advance ESL. This is used for WIA, Title II Funded Programs. 

The ABE and ASE levels are 1 - Beginning ABE Literacy; 2 - Beginning Basic Education; 3 - Low Intermediate Basic Education; 4 - High Intermediate Basic Education; 5 - Low Adult Secondary Education; 6 - High Adult Secondary Education. 

List of airlines of Azerbaijan

This is a list of airlines of Azerbaijan which have an Air Operator Certificate (a license that allows the airlines to fly) given by the Civil Aviation Authority.


Kingdom of Armenia (medieval)

The Kingdom of Armenia, (, Hayastani t’agavorut’yun) was an independent Armenian state established by Ashot I of the Bagratuni dynasty in the early 880s following nearly two centuries of foreign domination of Greater Armenia under Arab Umayyad and Abbasid rule.

Ashot I's prestige rose as both Byzantine and Arab leaders courted him. The Abbasid Caliphate recognized Ashot as "prince of princes" in 862 and, later on, as king. Several contemporary prominent Armenians, including Grigor-Derenik Vaspurakan, insisted on Ashot's coronation. Ashot was crowned King of Armenia through the consent of Caliph al-Mu'tamid in 885 to prevent intrusion into Armenian territory by Basil I, a Byzantine emperor of Armenian origin. The establishment of the Bagratuni kingdom later led to the founding of several other Armenian principalities and kingdoms: Taron, Vaspurakan, Kars, Khachen and Syunik. During the reign of Ashot III (952/53–77), Ani became the kingdom's capital and grew into a thriving economic and cultural center. The first half of the 11th century saw the decline and eventual collapse of the kingdom. The Byzantine emperor Basil II (r. 976–1025) won a string of victories and annexed parts of southwestern Armenia. King Hovhannes-Smbat felt forced to cede his lands and in 1022 promised to "will" his kingdom to the Byzantines following his death. However, after Hovhannes-Smbat's death in 1041, his successor, Gagik II, refused to hand over Ani and continued resistance until 1045, when his kingdom, plagued with internal and external threats, was finally taken by Byzantine forces.


Scinax madeirae

Scinax madeirae is a frog. Scientists have seen it in Brazil and Bolivia.

Allen Iverson

Allen Ezail Iverson (/ˈaɪvərsən/; born June 7, 1975) is a former American professional basketball player. He played for 14 seasons in the National Basketball Association (NBA) at both the shooting guard and point guard positions. Iverson was an 11-time NBA All-Star, won the All-Star game MVP award in 2001 and 2005, and was the NBA's Most Valuable Player (MVP) of the 2000–01 season. He was inducted into the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame in 2016.
Iverson went to Bethel High School in Hampton, Virginia. This is where he played for the football team and the basketball team. He won the Associated Press High School Player of the Year award in both football and basketball. He also won the Division AAA Virginia state championship in both sports. After high school, Iverson won a scholarship to Georgetown University. He played college basketball with the Georgetown Hoyas for two years. He set the school record for career scoring average (22.9 points per game). He also won the Big East Defensive Player of the Year awards in both years.
After two years at Georgetown, Iverson was eligible for the 1996 NBA draft. He was selected by the Philadelphia 76ers with the first overall pick. He was named the NBA Rookie of the Year in the 1996–97 season. Iverson won the NBA scoring title during the 1998–99, 2000–01, 2001–02, and 2004–05 seasons. Iverson was one of the smallest players in NBA history at 6 feet, 0 inches. His regular season career scoring average of 26.7 points per game ranks seventh all-time, and his playoff career scoring average of 29.7 points per game is second after Michael Jordan. Iverson led his team to the 2001 NBA Finals. He won the bronze medal at the 2004 Summer Olympics. 

Later in his career, Iverson played for the Denver Nuggets, Detroit Pistons, and the Memphis Grizzlies, before ending his NBA career with the 76ers during the 2009–10 season. He was ranked as the fifth greatest NBA shooting guard of all time by ESPN in 2008. He finished his career playing with Turkish-based basketball team, Beşiktaş in 2011. In 2017, Iverson joined BIG3, a 3-on-3 basketball league, as a player-coach for the team ‘3’s Company.’ 

Rocky Aur Rani Ki Prem Kahani

Rocky Aur Rani Ki Prem Kahani () is an upcoming Indian Hindi-language romantic drama film directed by Karan Johar from a screenplay by Shashank Khaitan and Sumit Roy. Its dialogues were written by Ishita Mohra. It stars Dharmendra, Jaya Bachchan, Shabana Azmi, Ranveer Singh, and Alia Bhatt. It is produced by Dharma Productions and Viacom18 Studios. The music of the film is composed by Pritam Chakraborty. The film marks the onscreen reunion of Dharmendra and Jaya Bachchan after 48 years, having previously worked together in "Sholay" (1975). 

Principal photography commenced in August 2021. The movie was released on 28 July 2023.
An adult love story about a North Indian guy & a Bengali girl.


Cento

Cento () is a town and "comune" in the province of Ferrara, Emilia-Romagna, Italy.

Lil Durk

Lil Durk (born October 19, 1992) is an American rapper, singer, and songwriter from Chicago. His real name is Durk Derrick Banks. Durk's debut album, "Remember My Name" was released in 2015. In 2020 he released the single “The Bigger Picture”, which peaked at number three on the Billboard Hot 100, becoming the highest-charting song as a lead artist of his career. In the same year, Durk released the studio album “The Voice“, which peaked at number 2 on the US Billboard 200 chart. He released his mixtapes through his own record label OTF (Only the Family). 

As a teenager, he was jailed briefly on charges of possessing weapons. Durk’s cousin McArthur "Nuski" Swindle was murdered in 2014. In 2015, his manager was also murdered. Durk had a brother known as D Thang. His close friend was King Von.

Durk would win his first Grammy Award at the 66th Grammy Awards. He won the Grammy for Best Melodic Rap Performance. He shared the Grammy with fellow rapper J. Cole for their song "All My Life".

Pakistan Cricket Board

Pakistan Cricket Board is a official Pakistani sports body for cricket that control and organies all tours and matches undertaken by the Pakistan national cricket team. PCB is the member of the International Cricket Council since 1952 and represents national teams both for men's and women's in the ICC international cricket tournaments. PCB also organzaied a national level Twenty20 cricket league called Pakistan Super League.

This board was founded on 1 May 1949 as the Board of Control for Cricket in Pakistan (BCCP). Later name was changes to PCB.

Vasco Almeida e Costa

Vasco Fernando Leote de Almeida e Costa, , (; 26 July 1932 – 25 July 2010) was a Portuguese naval officer and politician who was the Minister of Internal Administration between 19 September 1975 and 23 July 1976. 

Ho Iat-seng

Ho Iat-seng (; born 12 June 1957) is a Macanese politician who is the 3rd and current Chief Executive of Macau since December 2019.

Ruins of Saint Paul's

The Ruins of Saint Paul's (; ) are the ruins of a 17th-century Catholic religious building in Santo António, Macau, China. In 2005, it was listed as part of the Historic Centre of Macau, a UNESCO World Heritage Site.

The church was built in 1565 by the Jesuits. Most of the church was built using mud and wooden materials except for the front facade. 

In 1595, the church was damaged by fire, it was quickly rebuilt and it was repaired in 1602. At that time, it was the largest Catholic Church in Eastern Asia. In 1762, the Jesuits were forced to abandon the church because of persecution. In 1835, between 6:00 p.m. and 8:15 p.m., a large violent fire destroyed the church, only the front of the church survived, the church has never been rebuilt again.

2022 Madrid explosion

2022 Madrid explosion occurred on May 6, 2022, after a gas accumulation in Madrid, Spain. Two people were killed and 19 others injured.

Many explosions have occurred in the Spanish capital, including a similar one in 2021.

Before the explosion, several neighbors smelled a strong odor of gas. The explosion occurred after 1:00 p.m., in the Barrio de Salamanca in Madrid. At 7:00 p.m., the two people who were killed, both male workers, were identified.

2021 Madrid explosion

The 2021 Madrid explosion occurred on 20 January 2021, when a natural gas leak caused the explosion of a building located in Madrid, Spain. 

Four people were killed and eleven were injured.

Lee's Summit, Missouri

Lee's Summit is a city in Cass and Jackson counties in the U.S. state of Missouri.

Avondale Estates, Georgia

Avondale Estates is a city in DeKalb County, Georgia, United States.

Chamblee, Georgia

Chamblee is a city in DeKalb County, Georgia, United States.

Vittorio De Angelis

Vittorio De Angelis (20 September 1962 – 11 June 2015) was an Italian voice actor. He was born in Rome. He was known for being the official dubber of actors Cary Elwes, Kevin James and Matt LeBlanc. He dubbed the voice of Prince Eric in "The Little Mermaid" as well as Joey Tribbiani in "Friends" and the spin-off "Joey".

De Angelis died on 11 June 2015 as a result of a heart attack. He was 52 years of age.

Clarkston, Georgia

Clarkston is a city in DeKalb County, Georgia, United States.

Doraville, Georgia

Doraville is a city in DeKalb County, Georgia, United States.

Lithonia, Georgia

Lithonia is a city in DeKalb County, Georgia, United States.

Pine Lake, Georgia

Pine Lake is a city in DeKalb County, Georgia, United States.

Stonecrest, Georgia

Stonecrest is a city in DeKalb County, Georgia, United States.

Tucker, Georgia

Tucker is a city in DeKalb County, Georgia, United States.

KHKS

KHKS (106.1 FM) is a Dallas-Fort Worth Metroplex radio station broadcasting a Top 40 (CHR) format, licensed to Denton, Texas, and is under ownership of iHeartMedia, (formerly Clear Channel Communications). It is known as "Kiss FM". The station's studios are located along Dallas Parkway in Farmers Branch (although it has a Dallas address), and their transmitter site is located in Cedar Hill.

KHFI-FM

KHFI-FM (96.7 MHz) is a commercial FM radio station licensed to Georgetown, Texas, and serving the Greater Austin radio market. Owned by iHeartMedia, Inc., it airs a Top 40/CHR radio format, branded as "KISS-FM." It shares studios and offices with other iHeart stations in the Penn Field complex in the South Congress district (or "SoCo") of south central Austin within walking distance of St. Edward's University. It had previously been located in a downtown Austin office building off Barton Springs Road.

KRRL

KRRL (92.3 FM) – branded "Real 92.3" – is a commercial urban contemporary radio station licensed to Los Angeles, California, serving much of the Greater Los Angeles area. Owned by iHeartMedia, KRRL serves as the flagship for "Big Boy's Neighborhood". The KRRL studios are located in the Los Angeles suburb of Burbank, while the station transmitter resides on Mount Wilson. Besides a standard analog transmission, KRRL broadcasts over three HD Radio channels, and is available online via iHeartRadio.

WWPR-FM

WWPR-FM (105.1 FM) is an urban contemporary music radio station licensed to New York City. WWPR-FM is owned by iHeartMedia and broadcasts from studios in the former AT&T Building in the Tribeca neighborhood of Manhattan; its transmitter is located at the Empire State Building. The station is the flagship station of the nationally syndicated morning show, "The Breakfast Club".

Géza Varasdi

Géza Varasdi (6 February 1928 – May 2022) was a Hungarian athlete. He mainly competed in the 100 metres. He was a member of the national team of Hungary between 1948 and 1956. Varasdi competed for Hungary at the 1952 Summer Olympics held in Helsinki, Finland where he won the bronze medal.

Varasdi died in Melbourne, Australia in May 2022, aged 94.

Du'Vonta Lampkin

Du'Vonta Lampkin (January 7, 1997 – May 5, 2022) was an American football defensive tackle. He played college football at Oklahoma. He was born in Houston, Texas. His career lasted from 2018 until 2019. He played offseason with the Tennessee Titans in 2018.

Lampkin was shot and killed at his apartment in Dallas, Texas on May 5, 2022 at the age of 25.

Théodore Nzue Nguema

Théodore Nzue Nguema (9 November 1973 – 5 May 2022) was a Gabonese football manager and professional player. He played as a striker. He played for the Gabon national team between 1995 and 2005, making 77 appearances.

Nguema died on 5 May 2022 in Mongomo, Equatorial Guinea at the age of 48.


Enzo Robutti

Enzo Robutti (24 October 1933 – 13 February 2022) was an Italian actor, comedian, playwright, and writer. He was born in Bologna, Italy. His career began in 1963 and he retired in 1988. His best known works were "Il Profeta", "Tell Me You Do Everything for Me" and "Dog's Heart".

Robutti died on 13 February 2022 in Viterbo, Italy at the age of 88.

José Luis Violeta

Jose Luis Violeta Lajusticia (25 February 1941 – 5 May 2022) was a Spanish footballer. He played as a midfielder for Real Zaragoza and the Spain national team. He made 14 appearances with the national team between 1966 until 1977. He was born in Zaragoza, Spain.

Violeta died on 5 May 2022 in Zaragoza at the age of 81.

Macau Peninsula

The Macau Peninsula (, ) is the oldest and most populous part of Macau. It is located in the south of Zhongshan Island, Canton Province.

A-Ma Temple

The A-Ma Temple is a temple to the sea-goddess Mazu in São Lourenço, Macau, China. It was built in 1488 and is one of the oldest temples in Macau.

Icemaker

An icemaker is an appliance that is designed to freeze water into ice for various uses.

Most icemakers are built into refrigerators as part of their freezer compartment. You can either get ice by using a scoop inside the freezer or many modern refrigerators will have an ice and water dispenser on the front of it. The water used will come inside the back of it after which it goes through a water filter located somewhere inside of it. 
A portable icemaker is an icemaker that is designed to easily move around and fit almost anywhere. These icemakers will plug into a standard household outlet and are manually filled with water whenever ice is required. Depending on how long the freeze cycle is will determine how thick the ice is. These icemakers are also known for making nugget ice that can easily be chewed. 
Most restaurants, schools, hospitals, and other places of business use a lot of ice daily and they must have the ability to quickly make a lot of ice. These are permanently installed devices that require cleaning every so often. In order to keep the ice and the machine clean many will have advanced water filtration systems nearby to remove the calcium and other impurities in the water. 

Sutyagin house

The Sutyagin House was a 13-storey building well known for being a building code violation. It was located in the Russian city of Archangelsk and was demolished by the municipal government in 2008.

Gracie Mansion

Gracie Mansion is the official residence of the mayor of New York City.

Updown Court

Updown Court is a 58 acre (23 hectare) estate in Surrey, England. It was once the world's priciest house, at £70,000,000\$150,000,000. The estate comprises of 12 buildings.

Building one is the main mansion itself with 50,000sqft/4800sqm of living space on four floors. The house includes 14 bedrooms, 14 full bathrooms, a dozen powder rooms, four swimming pools, a two lane bowling alley, marble and mosaic tile floors and walls, etc.


Employee accommodation

Employee accommodation or employee housing are dwelling units, usually dormitory or barracks style, on the premises of a property, for the staff of the organization or company to live in.

Cesspit

A cesspit, cesspool or drainage ditch is an open air pit used for storing sewage and runoff rainwater.

Spelling Manor

The Spelling Manor is a 55,000sqft\5380sqm chateauesque mansion in the ritzy Los Angeles, California neighborhood of Holmby Hills. The house is best known for having been the most expensive house in the US, once selling for us$150million. Among the property's features include a gift wrapping room, bowling alley, rooftop rose garden, three swimming pools, a koi pond, etc.

Holmby Hills

Holmby Hills is one of the most exclusive neighborhoods in Los Angeles, California and adjacent to Bel Air. Holmby Hills is well known for its sky-high real estate prices, property taxes, etc. There's two parks in Holmby Hills and the area is home to many celebrities.

Chateauesque

Chateauesque is a revival architectural style modelled on the style of the chateaux of France.

Housing cooperative

A housing cooperative or housing co-op is an apartment building or similar development (such as a mobile home park), in which tenants own shares of the cooperative organization that owns the development. This ownership structure (housing tenure) is different from renting and homeownership in that co-op owners don't get exclusive possession of their units. Instead, they are granted the conditional right to reside in the units by a co-op board. Housing co-operatives are usually exempt from some of the anti-discrimination laws that other housing tenures must abide by.

Mobile home park

A mobile home park, trailer park or manufactured home community is a residential subdivision where the dwelling units are mobile homes. Usually, the land lots in a mobile home park are leasehold, where residents pay ground rent. In other such communities, residents own the lots and may pay fees.

Housing tenure

A housing tenure is the financial and ownership structure by which someone has the right to reside in a dwelling unit. Common housing tenures include





Leasehold

Leasehold is a housing tenure or type of ownership. With a leasehold. the person who lives in a property, such as a house, owns the building itself but rents the land it sits on. The leases on land and commercial buildings are often decades or centuries in length.

Low-rise building

A low-rise building is a short building, usually up to five storeys. Low rises may or may not have elevators and they typically have only a few units. Such buildings include almost all houses, garden apartment buildings, small office buildings, detached restaurants, smaller hotels, churches, etc.

Legcuffs

Leg irons, leg cuffs or refers are restraining devices for the legs. They are like handcuffs and are usually designed and built with a longer chain that allows walking, but prevents running and kicking. Leg irons are usually put on a prisoner when he or she goes to court or works on a chain gang.

Leash

A leash or lead is a strap used to control the movement of an animal. It is normally connected to a collar, harness or halter to control a pet, Leashes are commonly used on dogs during walks and other times when the pet is outside the owner's home or property. It is used to make sure the animal does not wander away from its owner. A leash can also be used on toddlers and other small children to prevent them from wandering away from their parents or guardians during outings.

Swaminarayan

Lord Swaminarayan is Founder of Swaminarayan Sampradaya.According to Hindu Scriptures, Lord Swaminarayan is Supreme god ( Parabrahma)his other names is Sahajanand Swami,Harikrishna,Ghanshyam,Nilakandh,Shriji Maharaj, Shri Hari.

Halter

A halter is a combination of a leash and a collar. It is used to restrain the head of livestock and control its movement. Halters are mostly used with horses and cattle

Heat death of the universe

The heat death of the universe or just heat death is a theory about how our universe might end. It would involve entropy reaching its maximum state and thermodynamics ceasing. It will not happen for an extremely long time. The very earliest estimates place it as 10^100 years from now, or one with one hundred zeros. It may take even longer than that.

Al-Ahzab

Surah Ahzab, one of the surahs (chapters) of the Quran, is an important surah for marriage. This Surah defines many practical regulations for married couples, allowing them to live in a happy, prosperous marriage built on mutual respect. This Surah emphasizes the importance of attention, carefulness, and understanding between a couple to lead toward a successful, harmonious relationship. Ultimately, surah al Ahzab for marriage helps couples who seek; to marry with their true love and, obedience & loyalty within their marriage.
One of the vital surahs to recite upon marriage is Surah al Ahzab Wazifa for marriage, also known as 'The Clans'. This Surah comes from the chapters of the Qur'an that were revealed in Makkah ( Mecca) , and originated from 73 Ayats or Verses.
Surah Ahzab is a chapter of the Quran composed of 73 verses, and it has several benefits that can help strengthen the bond between couples. This Surah can help married couples advance in their relationship by providing guidance related to marriage practices and behavior. 

The first benefit of Surah Ahzab for married couples is, it guides them in terms of marital relationships and responsibilities. Surah provides advice on how to handle arguments and disagreements,

It emphasizes on communication between husband and wife. It encourages husbands and wives to speak openly with one another, especially in hard times. 

By being honest with each other, couples can better understand where each person is coming from, which results in fewer misunderstandings or tension between them. Additionally, it reminds both partners to treat each other kindly and gently instead of resorting to hurtful words or actions during disagreements.

Finally, this chapter encourages married couples to show mutual respect for one another. It speaks about how love between two people should be unconditional no matter what circumstances arise.

Additionally, it mentions how spouses should not let themselves become jealous or envious of others' successes or blessings because when a couple works together, they are capable of achieving more than either one could do alone. This helps a couple stay united even during difficult times because they know they have an ally in one another. 

Overall, reading through this chapter can provide a lot of insight into how a husband and wife should interact with each other during the marriage. It gives advice on topics such as money management, communication techniques, as well as respect for one another's feelings which all make up the foundation of a strong relationship. Thus, by utilizing what is taught within this Surah, married couples can reap the benefits of having a healthy partnership built upon mutual understanding and trust.

Royal Peculiar

A royal peculiar is a Church of England parish or church that is not under the jurisdiction of the diocese and the province it is in. It is subject to the jurisdiction of the monarch.

The church parish system dates from Saxon times. Most early churches were provided by the lord who owned the land that the parish was in. A "donative parish" (or "peculiar") was one that was not under the jurisdiction if the diocese. These churches were normally held by a churchman from another district, parish or diocese. They could include the separate or "peculiar" jurisdiction of the monarch, another archbishop or bishop, or the dean and chapter of a cathedral. An "archbishop's peculiar" is subject to the direct jurisdiction of an archbishop. A "royal peculiar" is subject to the direct jurisdiction of the monarch.

Most peculiars lasted to the Reformation. Unlike royal peculiars, they were ended during the 19th century by Acts of Parliament. After this, they were under the jurisdiction of the diocese they were in. A few non-royal peculiars still exist. In modern times, most royal peculiars are the Diocese of London.

Stilt house

A stilt house or stilted house is a house raised off of the ground on posts. Such homes are common in areas prone to flooding and hurricanes

Houseboat

A houseboat is a vessel specifically designed to be a semipermanent dwelling. Houseboats tend to have engines that allow them to move under their own power, just like most other modern vessels. Floating homes are sometimes called houseboats.

In some places houseboats are used by tourists.

After Burner

After Burner is a arcade vehicular combat video game, developed by Sega AM2 and published by Sega. The playere assumes controlled by American fighter jet F-14 Tomcat, and player must cleared each stages of the game's eighteen unique stages by destroying all enemies around the player, using both a machine gun and a limited supply of heat-seeking missiles. It uses a third-person perspective, using previously of Sega's earlier games "Space Harrier" (1985) and "Out Run" (1986), and also using the game engine Sega X Board arcade system and usingh a sprite rotation. It is the fourth Sega game tu used a hydraulic "taikan" motion simulator arcade cabinet.

A sequel called "After Burner II" that released in 1987, "After Burner III" released in 1993.

Chaeryeong

Lee Chaeryeong was born on June 5,2001 in Yongin, South Korea. She has 2 sisters and Chaemin. Lee graduated from Hanlim Multi Art School. She majored in Department of Musical Theatre. She graduated on February 7, 2020 along with bandmate Ryujin.

Chaeryeong appeared for the first time on television along with her elder sister, Chaeyeon, during the 3rd season of "K-pop Star". Both her and her sister were eliminated from the show, however they were able to join JYP Entertainment as trainees.

Then in 2015, she participated in Mnet's reality survival show "Sixteen", which eventually determined the members of girl group Twice. She was eliminated in the last episode of "Sixteen" and was unable to debut. Sometime after being eliminated from "Sixteen", she continued to train under JYP Entertainment. She appeared in episode 1 of "Stray Kids" with bandmates Yeji, Ryujin and Yuna.

On February 12, 2019, Lee made her debut as a member of Itzy alongside Yeji, Lia, Ryujin and Yuna, with the digital single album "It'z Different". It featured "Dalla Dalla" and "Want it?" and incorporated EDM and Hip Hop elements. Dalla Dalla the lead single of "It'z Different" got high ranks on notable music sites and recorded one-thousand views in 18 hours and one-hundred million views in 57 days in Youtube. They also won the prize of M Countdown eight days after their debut. Being open the 4th generation of K-pop, they got the nickname Monster Lucky.

Micronova

A micronova is a type of explosion on the surface of a star with about one millionth the strength of a (classical) nova. It was first observed in April 2022 and is caused by accumulation of material onto the star from its environment.


Freedom Movement (Slovenia)

The Freedom Movement (, GS), formerly known as the Green Actions Party (, Z.DEJ), is a green-liberal political party in Slovenia. Its founding congress took place on 8 May 2021. It was founded by Jure Leben. 

In January 2022, the party was taken over by Robert Golob who also changed the name to Freedom Movement. The party defeated the Slovenian Democratic Party and its three-term prime minister Janez Janša in April 2022 elections.

2022 Changsha building collapse

The 2022 Changsha building collapse happened on 29 April 2022 in Wangcheng District, Changsha, Hunan, China. The accident killed 54 people.

2022 Brazilian general election

General elections took place on 2 October 2022 in Brazil to elect the President, Vice President, and the National Congress. A run-off was held on 30 October.

There were more than 146 million registered voters in Brazil when this election took place, making the country the second largest democracy in the Americas and one of the largest in the world.

On 5 May 2022, President Jair Bolsonaro ordered an audit on the country's voting machines, five months before the election, with people believing should he lose the election he would not accept defeat.

On 2 October 2022, former President Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva advanced to the run-off election on 30 October against President Bolsonaro. Lula won 48.43% of the vote against Bolsonaro's 43.20%.

On 30 October, Lula defeated Bolsonaro winning 50.90% of the vote against Bolsonaro's 49.10%. Two days later, Bolsonaro did not say he lost the election however agreed to a transition of power. After Bolsonaro lost, his supporters began blocking several roads and bridges.

On 8 January 2023, one week after Lula's inauguration, supporters of Bolsonaro stormed and invaded the Supreme Court of Brazil, the National Congress of Brazil and the Planalto Presidential Palace in the Praça dos Três Poderes plaza in Brasília, the federal capital.

To vote in Brazil, voters must be citizens over 16 years old and is mandatory for those between 18 and 70 years old. Those who do not vote in an election and do not show a reason why must pay a fine, normally R$3.51 (same as US$0.67 as of June 2022).

Brazilian citizens living abroad may only vote for president and vice president. Portuguese citizens legally living in Brazil for more than three years may also register to vote in Brazilian elections.

Other national elections will be held at the same time as the presidential election. Governors and Vice Governors of Brazil's states and of the Federal District will also be elected at the same time. 

One-third of the 81 members of the Federal Senate will be elected, the other two-thirds having been elected in 2018.

All 513 members of the Chamber of Deputies (Federal Deputies) will be elected. The Chamber elections are held using open list proportional representation.

<gallery mode="packed" heights="160">
File:Simone Tebet em 15 de julho de 2019 (2; recorte).jpg|

João Doria

João Agripino da Costa Doria Júnior (born 16 December 1957) is a Brazilian politician, businessman and journalist. He was the Governor of São Paulo, from January 2019 to March 2022. He was the 52nd Mayor of São Paulo. from 1 January 2017 He was the first mayor in 24 years to be elected in the first round. Doria is a member of the Brazilian Social Democracy Party (PSDB). 

Doria ran for President of Brazil in the 2022 election, but dropped out in May 2022.

Alan Gillis

Alan Leslie Gillis (22 September 1936 – 6 May 2022) was an Irish Fine Gael politician and Farmers' leader. He was president of the Irish Farmers' Association from 1990 to 1994. He was elected to the European Parliament in 1994 and lost re-election in 1999. Gillis was born in County Kildare, Irish Free State.

Gillis died on 6 May 2022 at the age of 85.

Roclothissors

A kind of boxing guessing has long been documented in China.The gesture order originated from the Han Dynasty in China. The gesture order originated from the wine-order,It was first recorded in Qiye, a Chu bamboo slips of Tsinghua University, in the eighth year of King Wu of Zhou Dynasty,Through wine making to entertain the banquet, it evolved into "stone scissors and cloth",And a series of guessing games. 

"All Tang poetry" records the poem "waving order", which vividly depicts Similar Games by means of metaphor.It was first seen in the miscellaneous notes of Shuyuan by Lu Rong in the Ming Dynasty of China. But guess Boxing at that time was slightly different from that now. Lu Rong said, "today people use guessing boxing as a Tibetan lottery. 

Yin Zhongkan and Huan Xuan shared the hook. Gu Kaizhi took the hook, and Huan won. Or it is said that Mrs. Gou Yi's fist song was followed by people at that time, because of this play." It can be seen that what was "guessed" at that time was what was hidden in his hands, but now it's just "guessed" the other party's fingers. Therefore, the ancient guessing fist is also known as "guessing pieces", "Tibetan lottery" and "Tibetan hook". Lu Rong believes that it originated from the imperial concubine of Emperor Wu of the Han Dynasty, Mrs. Gou Yi, who had contracture in her hand.
Muhammad Bilal Butt

Muhammad Bilal Butt (), is a Pakistani politician from Punjab. He is member of the Provincial Assembly of the Punjab since August 2018.
In 2018 Pakistani general election, Muhammad Bilal Butt of PMLN defeated the Muhammad Ahmad Chattha of PTI by taking 55159 votes from PP-52 (Gujranwala-II).


Barbara Bain

Barbara Bain (born Mildred Fogel; September 13, 1931) is an American actress. She is best known for her role as Cinnamon Carter on the action television series "" (1966–1969). She also starred as Dr. Helena Russell on the British science fiction television series "" (1975–1977).

Ron Carter

Ronald Levin Carter (born May 4, 1937) is an American jazz double bassist. He appeared in over 2,220 recording sessions, making him the most-recorded jazz bassist in history. 

Carter has three Grammy Awards. Carter is also a cellist who has recorded many times on that instrument.

Félix Moloua

Félix Moloua is a Central African Republic politician. In February 2022, Félix Moloua was appointed Prime Minister of the Central African Republic.

Simplice Sarandji

Simplice Sarandji (born 4 April 1955) is a Central African politician. He was the Prime Minister of the Central African Republic from 2016 until 2019. He was the chief of staff for Prime Minister Faustin-Archange Touadera. 

Corrado Gaipa

Corrado Gaipa (13 March 1925 – 21 September 1989) was an Italian actor, best active on film, television, radio, theatre and voice dubbing. He gained international recognition in the role of Don Tommasino in the 1972 film "The Godfather" directed by Francis Ford Coppola. As a voice artist, he dubbed the voices of Bagheera in "The Jungle Book", Scat-Cat in "The Aristocats" and Alec Guinness in the "Star Wars" trilogy.

Gaipa died on 21 September 1989 in Rome after some health problems. 

Scinax duartei

The lanceback tree frog or Duarte's snouted tree frog ("Scinax duartei") is a frog. It lives in the mountains in Brazil.

Alessandro Valignano

Alessandro Valignano or Valignani (; 15 February 1539 – 20 January, 1606) was an Italian Jesuit priest and missionary who was born in Chieti. He helped bring Catholicism to the Far East, and especially to Japan and China.

Deee-Lite

Deee-Lite was an American house and dance music group started in New York City. Their most popular song was "Groove Is in the Heart", which is from their first studio album "World Clique" (1990). It got to the top ten of music charts in many countries. "Billboard" said they were the 55th most successful dance artists of all time in 2016.

Studio albums

Compilations

Macau Tower

The Macau Tower Convention and Entertainment Center (; ), also known as Macau Tower (; ), is a tower in Sé, Macau. 

Bolonka Franzuska

The Bolonka Franzuska is a Russian bred Toy Dog in white fluffy color coat. The breed was established at the time of Catherine II of Russia . She got white little dogs like Maltese (dog), Bolognese (dog) and Bichon Frisé as presents from France nobles. In modern times especially in East Germany , this dog was very well liked and many Peoples bred and hold them as companian dog. The colored version is the Bolonka Zwetna. Sometimes white puppys are born in a litter from Bolonka Zwetna.

Bolonka Zwetna

The Bolonka Zwetna is a Russian bred Toy Dog for companionship, and belong to the Bichon-Family. This little Dog have all colors but not allowed to be white or piebald color. The size is 20 cm - 26 cm, and 3-4 kl. This Dog is the colored version of the Bolonka Franzuska.

Sart

Sart is a name for a group of settled people in Central Asia The meaning of the word had changed often over the centuries. Sarts were sometimes called "Ak-Sart" in ancient times. They did not have any particular ethnic identification. Most, but not all. Sarts lived in town.

There are many theories about the origin of the word Sart. It may come from the Sanskrit "sārthavāha" "merchant, trader, caravan leader". The term was thought to have been used by nomads to describe town-dwellers, This origin of the name has been suggested by Vasily Bartold, Gerard Clauson, and most recently Richard Foltz.

Kubachi people

The Kubachi (alternatively Kubachin) are a Muslim Peoples of the Caucasus Mountains who speak the in the of the Republic of Dagestan, Russia. They are sometimes regarded as a separate people. Ethnologue lists Kubachi within the but recognizes that it may be a separate language. The 'Kubachi' derives from Turkic "kübeci", 'maker of chain-mail' (< Turk. "kübe", "küpe",
originally 'small metal ring'; see 1972: 687;. Toparh et al. 2003: 166, 167).


Barbara Cartland

Barbara Cartland (9 July 1901 – 21 May 2000) was a English writer and media personality who was best known for her romance novels. Cartland wrote more than 700 books which sold nearly 800 million copies worldwide. Her first novel, "Jig-Saw", was written in 1922. Many of her novels have been adapted to media including films for television, most notably "A Hazard of Hearts" and "Duel of Hearts". She died from cancer at age 98. 

2017–18 FC Augsburg season

The 2017–18 FC Augsburg season was the 111th season in the football club's history. The season lasted from 1 July 2017 to 30 June 2018.

6lack

6lack (born June 24, 1992) is an American singer, songwriter and rapper. He is best known for his single, "Prblms", which reached number 72 on the Billboard Hot 100. His first album, "Free 6lack", was released in November 2016. He received 3 Grammy Award nominations and has won MTV music video award. He battle rapped with Young Thug in school. 6lack is currently signed to LoveRenaissance and Interscope Records.

KZHT

KZHT (97.1 FM) is a Top 40 (CHR) formatted radio station broadcasting to the Salt Lake City metropolitan area. It is owned by iHeartMedia as one of six radio stations in this market. The station's studios are located in West Valley City and its transmitter site is located southwest of the city on Farnsworth Peak in the Oquirrh Mountains.

WXKS-FM

WXKS-FM (107.9 FM), branded as "Kiss 108", is a commercial Top 40/CHR radio station licensed to serve Medford, Massachusetts, and covering Greater Boston. Owned by iHeartMedia, the WXKS-FM studios are in Medford and the transmitter sits atop the Prudential Tower in Downtown Boston.

Greater Boston

Greater Boston is the metropolitan region of New England encompassing the municipality of Boston (the capital of the U.S. state of Massachusetts and the most populous city in New England) and its surrounding areas. The region forms the northern arc of the Northeast megalopolis, so Greater Boston means both a metropolitan statistical area (MSA) and a combined statistical area (CSA), which is broader. The MSA consists of most of the eastern third of Massachusetts, excluding the South Coast and Cape Cod; the CSA additionally includes the municipalities of Providence (capital of Rhode Island), Manchester (the largest city in the U.S. state of New Hampshire), Worcester (the second largest city in Massachusetts and in New England), the South Coast region, and Cape Cod. While the city of Boston covers and has 675,647 residents as of the 2020 census, the urbanization has extended well into surrounding areas and the CSA has a more than 8.4 million people, making it one of the most populous such regions in the U.S. The CSA is one of two in Massachusetts, the other being Greater Springfield. Greater Boston is the only CSA in New England that lies in three states (Massachusetts, New Hampshire, and Rhode Island); some definitions extend it into a fourth (Connecticut).

Birmingham metropolitan area, Alabama

The Birmingham metropolitan area, sometimes known as Greater Birmingham, is a metropolitan area in north central Alabama centered on Birmingham, Alabama.

Biewer Yorkshire Terrier a la pom pon

The Biewer Yorkie is Tri-coloured (Black-White and Tan), named after his Breeders, the Yorkshire Terrier Breeder couple Biewer from Germany. He has the same characteristics as the Yorkshire Terrier, but more calm in temperament.

Martha Corey

Martha Corey (1619 - 22 September 1692) was the wife of Giles Corey. They were both accused in the Salem Witch Trials, in which Giles was crushed to death and Martha was hanged.

Foldable phone

A foldable phone (also known as a foldable smartphone) is a smartphone that can be folded. Some foldable phones use multiple touchscreen panels on a hinge, while others use a flexible display. 

Concepts of such devices date back as early as Nokia's "Morph" concept in 2008, and a concept presented by Samsung in 2013 (as part of a larger set of concepts using flexible OLED displays). The first commercially available folding smartphones with OLED displays were sold in November 2018.

Tony Wrigley

Sir Edward Anthony Wrigley (17 August 1931 – 24 February 2022) was a British historical demographer. Wrigley and Peter Laslett co-founded the Cambridge Group for the History of Population and Social Structure in 1964. Wrigley was born in Manchester, England.

In 1960, Wrigley married Mieke Spelberg. He died on 24 February 2022, at the age of 90.

Fortaleza do Monte

Fortaleza do Monte () is a fort in Santo António, Macau. It is the historical military fort in Macau. The fort is part of the "Historic Centre of Macau" and is a UNESCO World Heritage Site.

Art Cooley

Arthur P. Cooley (June 2, 1934 – January 30, 2022) was an American biology teacher, naturalist and expedition leader. He was a co-founder of the Environmental Defense Fund (EDF). He was born in Southampton, New York.

Cooley died on January 30, 2022 in Grand Junction, Colorado at the age of 87.

Gabriel Garran

Gabriel Garran (pseudonym of Gabriel Gersztenkorn) (3 May 1929 – 6 May 2022) was a French actor and theatre director. He directed "Paulette", "Lulu Kreutz's Picnic" and "See You Tomorrow".

Garran died on 6 May 2022, three days after his 93rd birthday.

Antón Arieta

Antón Arieta-Araunabeña Piedra (6 January 1946 – 7 May 2022), known as Arieta, was a Spanish footballer. He played as a striker. He was born in Durango, Spain. He played for the Spain national football team from 1970 until 1972, making seven appearances. 

Arieta died on 7 May 2022 at the age of 76.

Durango, Spain

Durango is a town and municipality of the historical territory and province of Biscay, located in the Basque Country, Spain. 

Fisseha Desta

Fisseha Desta (; 21 April 1941 – 7 May 2022) was an Ethiopian military officer and politician. He was the first vice president of Ethiopia from 1987 to 1991 during the Mengistu Haile Mariam administration. He was born in Adwa, Ethiopia. In the 1990s Fisseha was sentenced to 20 years in prison for his role in the military dictatorship. He was then released in 2011 on parole.

Desta died on 7 May 2022 in Addis Ababa, Ethiopia from heart disease at the age of 81.

Stand by Me

Stand by Me may refer to:





Fulco I, Margrave of Milan

Fulco I, Margrave of Milan ( 1070 - 15/22 December 1128) was the founder of the House of Este.

Kang Soo-yeon

Kang Soo-youn (also known as Kang Soo-yeon; August 18, 1966 – May 7, 2022) was a South Korean actor. She won the best actress award (Volpi Cup) at the 44th Venice International Film Festival for acting in Im Kwon-taek's movie "The Surrogate Woman" (1986). In 1990, she won best actress award at the 16th Moscow International Film Festival for "Come Come Come Upward" (1989). She was born in Seoul, South Korea. Her started acting in 1969.

Kang went in the hospital in Seoul after she had a cerebral hemorrhage on May 5, 2022. She died two days later at the age of 55.

Cassock

The cassock or soutane is a type of clothing. It is a Christian clerical coat used by the Oriental Orthodox Church, Eastern Orthodox Church and the Catholic Church, it is also used by Protestants such as Anglicans and Lutherans.

Courtland Mead

Courtland Robert Mead (born April 19, 1987) is an American actor. He is best known for his performances on screen and in animation during the 1990s.

Kim Anderson

Kim Anderson is an associate professor at the University of Guelph. She works in the Department of Family Relations and Human Development in the College of Social and Applied Human Sciences. Anderson is an Indigenous (Metis) scholar. She researches Indigenous mothering, Indigenous feminism, Indigenous masculinities, and Indigenous knowledge in cities. She holds the Canada Research Chair in Indigenous Relationships, and leads a research team exploring the Indigenous concept of “all my relations" - an Indigenous expression of gratitude and connection - and how these relationships are developed and maintained among urban Indigenous populations. 

She got her PhD in History from the University of Guelph in 2010. She had studied the role of Anishinaabek life stage teachings among northern Algonquin women. These helped Indigenous peoples to decolonise and make healthier lives. Her M.A. is in Adult Education and Sociology and Equity Studies from University of Toronto's Ontario Institute for Studies in Education. She earned an Honours B.A. as an English Specialist from the University of Toronto.

Anderson joined the Department of Family Relations and Applied Nutrition at University of Guelph in 2017. She became the Canada Research Chair in Indigenous Relationships in 2018. She planss to "Indigenize the campus" with programs including language training, food and medicine gardens, and ceremonial spaces. Prior to joining the faculty at University of Guelph, Anderson was Associate Professor in Indigenous Studies at Wilfrid Laurier University from 2011-2016.


Phillip Van Dyke

Phillip Van Dyke (born June 13, 1984) is an American former actor. He is best known for portraying the goblin Luke in the first two installments of Disney's "Halloweentown" film series and Arnold in seasons two and three of Nickelodeon's "Hey Arnold!".

Santo António, Macau

Santo António is a civil parish () in the western part of the Macau Peninsula of Macau. It has the highest population density in Macau (98,776 persons per km²).

Scinax caldarum

The Caldas snouted tree frog ("Scinax caldarum") is a frog. It lives in Brazil. It lives in two places: Poços de Caldas and Alfenas, both in Minas Gerais.

Sperm theft

Sperm theft also known as forced fatherhood, spermjacking or spurgling (a mix of sperm and burgling), happens when a man's sperm is used, against his will or without his permission, to get a woman pregnant. It can also happen when someone lies about their use of contraceptives or when a man or boy is sexually assaulted. In most places, sperm theft is not illegal. It is an issue for men's rights campaigners.

United Armenia

United Armenia (Armenian: Միացեալ Հայաստան, Miats'eal Hayastan), also known as Greater Armenia or Great Armenia, is an Armenian irredentist political goal aimed at uniting all territories perceived as "historically or ethnically Armenian" to the Republic of Armenia. 

The modern use of United Armenia by the Armenian Revolutionary Federation (ARF) encompasses the following areas:

Roddy Ricch

Rodrick Wayne Moore Jr. (born October 22, 1998), known professionally as Roddy Ricch is an American rapper and singer. He released two mixtapes, "Feed Tha Streets" (2017), and "Feed Tha Streets II" (2018), through his label Bird Vision Entertainment. 

He was featured in Nipsey Hussle's posthumous single, "Racks in the Middle". In 2020, the song won Best Rap Performance at the 62nd Annual Grammy Awards, becoming both Hussle and Ricch's first Grammy.

In December 2019, Ricch released his first album, "Please Excuse Me For Being Antisocial", which reached number one on the Billboard 200. The album's single, "The Box", reached number one on the Billboard Hot 100. Ricch was also featured in DaBaby's 2020 single "ROCKSTAR". It became Ricch's second number one on the Hot 100. In 2021, he released his second album, "LIVE LIFE FAST". The album peaked at number four on the Billboard 200.


Cornelia Jakobs

Anna Cornelia Jakobsdotter Samuelsson (born 9 March 1992), known as Cornelia Jakobs is a Swedish singer. She was a member of the girlband Love Generation. They entered Melodifestivalen in 2011 and 2012. 

Jakobs returned to Melodifestivalen in 2021. Jakobs won Melodifestivalen 2022 and represented Sweden in the Eurovision Song Contest 2022 in Turin, with the song "Hold Me Closer". She finished in fourth place in the final.

Giacomo da Lentini

Giacomo da Lentini, also known as Jacopo da Lentini was a 13th century Italian poet. Giacomo was the inventor of the sonnet.

Will Wood

Will Wood is an American musician from New Jersey.

Wood's style of piano often changes from one song to the next, drawing from folk, pop, jazz, rock and roll, latin music, and klezmer, which is the traditional music of the Ashkenazi Jews of Central and Eastern Europe. When in a studio or performing live with a band, he is usually accompanied by "the Tapeworms", which includes Mike Bottiglieri on guitar, Matt Berger on saxophone, Mario Conte on drums, and Vater Boris on bass. He also performs by himself. His live shows include a mix of music, talking, and comedy.

Wood has released 4 albums since 2015, "Everything is a Lot" (2015), "Self-ish" (2016), "The Normal Album" (2020) and "In Case I Make It" (2022). He has also written music for the podcast, "Camp Here and There".



Oprah Winfrey Network

Oprah Winfrey Network (OWN) is an American television channel founded by Oprah Winfrey on January 1, 2011. It replaced the Discovery Health Channel. Much of OWN's programming features reality, talk, as well as scripted dramas and sitcoms targeting African American audiences. As of February 2015, OWN is available to approximately 81.9 million pay television households (70.3% of households with television) in the United States Oprah recorded the network July 2007 - December 2010 Oprah would a no cue the network .

Bichon

Bichon is the name of several usually small dogs. Officially, they include:


Two breeds that are also part of the group (but which aren't recognised by the FCI) are:


Abortion in the United States

In the United States, abortion was federally legal under "Roe v. Wade" (the 1973 court case with which abortion was no longer a criminal act) until 2022. In 2022, the Supreme Court decided "Dobbs v. Jackson Women's Health Organization", ending federal abortion rights.In several states, there are trigger laws under which made abortion illegal, and these laws came into effect when Roe vs. Wade ended. The decision also impacted abortion rights in Alabama, Arkansas, Missouri, Iowa, Wisconsin, Oklahoma, Texas, and Mississippi, most of which are Republican. Most anti-abortion movement officials are conservative Republicans in a number of U.S. states. Few, however, are anti-abortion while advocating for the rights of lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender individuals (examples include the Pro-Life Alliance of Gays and Lesbians, PLAGAL for short).

The Hyde amendment (enacted in 1976) doesn't allow Medicare, Medicaid, or other federal funds to be used for abortion except if the mother's life is in danger, the mother was raped/sexually assaulted, or became pregnant through incest. This applies to thirty-two out of fifty states. They include Iowa, Pennsylvania, Kansas, Virginia, and Michigan.


Sovereign wealth fund

A sovereign wealth fund, social wealth fund or sovereign wealth account is a government owned investment fund/account that that invests in tangible and financial assets.

Bank run

A bank run occurs when many bank's clients withdraw their deposits over concerns of the financial institution's insolvency.

Wakana Matsumoto (singer)

Newgate Prison

Newgate Prison was a jail in the city of London. It was built in 12th century and remained in use until 1902 and was demolished in 1904. Newgate was most well known for holding pirates and being a debtor's prison.

Debtor's prison

A debtor's prison was an institution for confining people for unpaid debts. Imprisoning people for debt was really common in 18th century western Europe and America.

Booking

In law enforcement and criminology booking refers to the intake process of admitting an arrestee or convict into a prison or police station. In the United States and United Kingdom, this process involves being fingerprinted, photographed (having a mugshot taken), and having one's possessions confiscated. What an arrestee is allowed to keep in their possession varies depending on the exact facility, county, etc, inmates are usually allowed to keep prescription glasses with no tint on the lenses, hearing aids and other approved medical devices, their legal papers and a few other things. In the United States, if an arrestee can't bail out of jail, or they're beginning a prison term, they're issued a prison uniform and other jail issued items and informed of the facility's rules and regulations.

Booking also means making an appointment of some kind.

Democrats for Life of America

Democrats for Life in America (DFLA) is an American 501(c)(4) nonprofit organization. They are an pro-life group. The members of this group are against euthanasia, abortion and capital punishment.

The organization was founded in 1999. 

Members of the DFLA want to link abortion bans after 20 weeks of pregnancy to the increased support of mothers and pregnant women. They want to stop women from getting or looking for an abortion in most circumstances. They say abortion is a lethal and cruel injustice against unborn children.


Ray-Ban

Ray-Ban is a popular brand of eyeglasses and sunglasses created in 1936 as Bausch and Lomb and is famous for inventing the aviator and wayfarer styles of glasses. Ray-Ban started out making sunglasses for pilots in the United States Military, but soon after rolled into the civilian market. Nowadays, Ray-Ban is owned by the Italian conglomerate Luxottica.

In 1929, US Army Air Corps Colonel John A. Macready worked with Bausch & Lomb, a Rochester, New York–based medical equipment creator, to create aviation sunglasses that would reduce the distraction for pilots caused by the intense blue and white colors of the sky.

Oakley, Inc.

Oakley is a brand of popular sports products, especially sunglasses. Oakley's eyewear department specializes in wraparound sunglasses.

Emporio Armani Eyewear

Emporio Armani Eyewear is the eyeglasses branch of the Emporio Armani fashion brand. They are well known for high-end materials and quality.

Polaroid

Polaroid is an optical company that makes and sells camera lenses and polarized sunglasses. The company was founded in 1937.

Glare

Glare is uncomfortably bright light and or the difficulty seeing because of such light.

Glen Bell

Glen William Bell Jr. (September 3, 1923 – January 16, 2010) was an American businessman. He started the Taco Bell chain of restaurants.

He opened three restaurants called Taco Tia in the early 1950s, then sold them. He then opened four restaurants called El Tacos with a business partner. He then sold these to his partner, and opened his first Taco Bell restaurant in Downey, California in 1962.

Bell died of Parkinson's disease in 2010.

Anarcha-feminism

Anarcha-feminism or anarcho-feminism is an anti-authoritarian, anti-capitalist, anti-oppressive worldview that aims to create a "level playing field" for all genders. Anarcha-feminism advocates for women's social freedom and liberty without relying on other groups or parties.

Dakota Apartments

The Dakota Apartments is a Chateauesque style cooperative apartment building in Manhattan, New York City. The name of the building "Dakota" comes from the fact that Manhattan was sparsely populated at the time of the building's construction, just like South Dakota and North Dakota. The 10-storey building has 94 units, no two of which are the same. Dakota Apartments is one of the hardest co-op buildings to buy into and the co-op board has rejected the residency applications of celebrities like Madonna and Billy Joel.

John Lennon and his wife Yoko Ono are the most famous residents of the Dakota.

Dubai Mall

The Dubai Mall, located in Dubai UAE, is the second largest shopping mall in the world. Its total retail area is 508,000 square meters. Not only does the Dubai Mall have the standard stores and restaurants customarily found in shopping malls, but it also has an aquarium, indoor zoo, 22 movie theatres, a virtual reality attraction, and even an indoor ski park.

Wild Wadi

Wild Wadi is Dubai's main water park. It has two dozen water slides.

Oakley

Oakley may refer to:




Quality of life

Quality of life or quality of living is the measure of happiness and standard of living including housing, nutrition, health, employment satisfaction, etc.


The Shadows

The Shadows were an English rock band active in the 1950s and 1960s. Their Former members were Hank Marvin Jet Harris Tony Meehan Cliff Richard and others. They were one of the successful rock groups in the 1960s.

Ranch-style house

A ranch house, rancher, ranch bungalow or rambleris a low to the ground, usually single-storey (though split-level houses and raised ranch homes have more than one floor) house with simple architectural detailing. The ranch home form became common in the United States and Canada during the 1950s.

The Searchers (band)

The Searchers were an English merseybeat band active in the 1960s. Their hit “Needles and Pins” was one of their successful song. Chris Curtis on drums, died after a long illness in 2005. Tony Jackson, died of liver cirrhosis in August 2003. John McNally lead singer, was born in 1941.

54 (movie)

54 is a 1998 American drama movie. It was distributed by Miramax Films. The movie was shot several times before release in August 1998. "54" had negative reviews when it was released. The movie's box office was close to $16.8 million, making the movie a moderate success.

The movie is set in summer 1979 and the years after. It is about conservatism, illegal drugs, bisexuality, HIV/AIDS and party scenes in New Jersey and nearby New York City. The Studio 54 club is the main party focus during this movie.

In 1986, Studio 54 closes permanently. This happens when Steve went to prison for drug-related crimes. 

On Rotten Tomatoes, this movie has an approval rating of 15%–based on 67 reviews–and an average rating of 4.10/10. The website says "Robbed of its integral LGBTQ themes, "54" is a compromised and disjointed glance at the glory days of disco". Audiences on CinemaScore gave this movie an average grade of "C" on an A+ to F scale.

The 1998 movie was nominated for two Razzie Awards. Those included Worst Actor for Ryan Phillippe and Worst Supporting Actress for Ellen Albertini Dow. Neve Campbell was nominated for Worst Supporting Actress (also for "Wild Things") at the 1998 Stinkers Bad Movie Awards.

The Peace Kids (mural)

The Peace Kids is a mural in two places: Tel Aviv, Israel and Bethlehem, Palestine, by Israeli artist John Kiss. It was made in Bethlehem with Palestinian artist Moodi Abdallah.



Aliw Broadcasting Corporation

Aliw Broadcasting Corporation (ABC) is a Philippine broadcasting company. Its corporate office and studios are located at the 5th floor of Citystate Centre, 709 Shaw Blvd., Brgy. Oranbo, Pasig. It is one of the broadcast media assets of the ALC Group of Companies, alongside RPN and Nine Media.

It operates a number of stations under the Home Radio & DWIZ brands. Its office and studios are located at the 5th floor of Citystate Centre, 709 Shaw Blvd., Brgy. Oranbo, Pasig. The network's station DWIZ 882 is one of the few AM radio stations authorized to operate a 50,000 watt transmitter in Mega Manila.
It is a subsidiary of Nine Media Corporation. This is also owned by the ALC Group of Companies.

On January 26, 2022, the National Telecommunications Commission assigned Aliw's television frequency on channel 23 which was formerly used by Studio 23 and S+A of ABS-CBN Corporation.


Scinax boesemani

Boesman's snouted tree frog ("Scinax boesemani") is a frog. It lives in Brazil, Guyana, French Guiana, and Venezuela.

The adult male frog is 28 to 31 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is 32 mm long. The skin on its back is dark brown with lighter brown spots and white spots. This frog can change color: It can be orange in color during the day. There is a dark line from its nose to behind its ear. Its belly is white. Its throat is whitish or yellow. Scientists think it looks like "Scinax ruber" but it does not have the yellow or orange spots on its legs.

Scientists have seen this frog near large streams in places without many trees.

Superman (ice cream flavor)

Superman is an ice cream flavor. It is usually a red, blue, and yellow swirl. It was invented in the Midwestern United States in the early 20th century, mainly Michigan and Wisconsin. You can also buy it at ice cream parlors, such as Baskin Robbin's or Hershey's ice cream sellers in the United States.

It was invented before Superman, the DC Comics superhero character, but is often thought to be named after him, as his costume uses those colors. Makers never license Superman's name, often instead using a different name to avoid legal issues. Many brands use different flavors.

The blue ice cream is often Blue Moon, which has a hard-to-place flavor. It was also invented in the early 20th century, and can also be bought in the United States at ice cream parlors that sell Hershey's ice cream, as well as some grocery stores and gas stations.

Superman is thought to have been invented by Stroh's Ice Cream in Detroit, Michigan during the Prohibition Era.

Geology of Scotland

The bedrock of Scotland is very ancient rock. Archean gneiss, metamorphic beds with granite intrusions were laid down when the Caledonian mountains were built. Coal, oil and iron-bearing carboniferous deposits are there, and so are remains of Palaeogene volcanoes. So the rocks of Scotland north of the Highland Boundary Fault are generally older, and mostly "much" older, than the rocks of England.

This part of Scotland is known as the Highlands and Islands. It includes the Scottish Highlands, plus Orkney, Shetland and Outer Hebrides (the Western Isles). Much of Shetland's economy depends on oil and gas production from fields in the surrounding seas. To this might be added tourism, which has become increasingly important.

The Midland Valley, or Central Lowlands, has the big cities of Edinburgh and Glasgow. They are in an area known as the central belt, or valley. The economy of Scotland used to depend almost entirely on these two cities, because of their importance in ship building (Glasgow) and general commerce (Edinburgh). Coal mining was also important in the 19th and early 20th centuries. Now ships can be built more cheaply elsewhere (for example, South Korea), and yet much still much depends on these two cities, and on Aberdeen, which acts as a port for the North Sea oil rigs. 

The geology of the Central Valley is quite different from the Highlands and Islands. For one thing, it is in the exact place of an ancient and once large sea, the Iapetus Ocean. 

Sandstone, mudstone and limestone were laid down in the area which is now the Midland Valley. This occurred in shallow tropical seas on the edge of the once-great Iapetus Ocean. The Iapetus Ocean closed 480-430 million years ago, when the volcanic island arc collided with Laurentia. By the end of the Silurian period (c. 420 million years ago), the Iapetus Ocean had completely disappeared. The combined mass of three continents formed the "new" continent of Laurasia.<ref>See for paleogeographic reconstructions of the collisions for example ; 

Social norm

Social norms are the unwritten rules of a social group or culture. Norms provide an idea of how a person is expected to behave. Without some norms, the behavior of others would be unpredictable, and social order would not be possible. At the same time, norms allow for some differences for individual expression. Norms depend upon the social situation. A group of friends may have informal, less strict norms. The same people may have more strict, formal norms when in a social role, such as students at school or workers on the job.

Florida Man violated social norms.

Norms may be taught, or learned by observing and imitating others. Norms include value judgements, defining what actions are good or bad. Some violations of norms are more serious than others. Serious violations may be against the law.

Abdelhamid Ben Badis

Abd al-Hamīd ibn Mustafa ibn Makki ibn Badis (), better known as فضيلة الشيخ بن باديس ( (December 4, 1889 – April 16, 1940) was an Algerian teacher, Islamic reformer and scholar. He was an important person in matters of cultural nationalism. In 1931, Ben Badis founded the Association of Algerian Muslim Ulema. It was a national group of many Islamic scholars in Algeria. The members of the group had many different ways of thinking about things. They did not always agree on many things. The group had a great influence on Algerian Muslim politics up to the Algerian War of Independence. At this time, the group created many institutions to teach Algerian children of Muslim parents. Each month, it also published a journal, the Al-Chihab. Souheil Ben Badis provided information to it between 1925 and his death in 1940. The journal told its readers about the groups ideas and thoughts on religious reform. It dealt with religious and political issues.

Tasnia Farin

Tasnia Farin (; born 30 January 1998) is a Bangladeshi actress and model. She gained popularity by acting in the web series "Ladies & Gentlemen". She played the central role in that web series. It was directed by Mostofa Sarwar Farooki. The web series was released on 9 July 2021 by ZEE5. She is also known for her performance in the drama "Ex Boyfriend". She has also been seen in several dramas and music videos.

Dan Donohue

Dan Donohue (born August 27, 1966) is an American actor and voice actor from Spokane, Washington who best known for various video games and screen appearance as the antagonist or supporting character. His best known role is the voice of Nazi villain Untersturmführer Hermann Freisinger in . Before appearing on screen, Donohue played the trumpet and was the Drum Major in High School Band and later became an actor playing "Scar" in Disney's The Lion King on Broadway and the national tour.

He was an acting company member at for 11 seasons since 1994. He is known for (2019), and (2012).

John van der Starre

John van der Starre (born circa 1949) is a Dutch Paralympic swimmer from Rotterdam. He represented the Netherlands at international competitions. He won a gold medal and a bronze medal at the 1968 Summer Paralympics.

He won the gold medal in the 3x 50 m Medley Relay open event together with Cees Broekman, and Piet Makkes. Van der Starre swam in the relay the 50 m backstroke. He won the bronze medal in the 50 m Freestyle special class event.

All medalists of the 1968 Paralympics were honored by minister Klompé in The Hague.

Corrective lens

A corrective lens is a piece of glass, hard plastic or some other hard and transparent material ground to correct blurry vision.

A59

The A59 is a highway in the Netherlands. The project of the highway started in 1970 and was completed on the 9th of February of 1978.

The highway is located in the south of the Netherlands in the province of Noord-Brabant. The highway goes from from 's-Hertogenbosch to Terheijden.

Paul Givan

Paul Jonathan Givan (born 12 October 1981) is a Unionist politician from Northern Ireland representing the Democratic Unionist Party (DUP). Givan was First Minister of Northern Ireland from June 2021 to February 2022.

Peng Liyuan

Peng Liyuan (; born 20 November 1962) is a Chinese soprano and contemporary folk singer. She is the wife of Xi Jinping, the current general secretary of the Chinese Communist Party and president of the People's Republic of China.

Liyuan is well known for her fashion influence by being made by her personal designer Ma Ke. In 2014, Peng was listed as the 57th Most Powerful Woman in the World by "Forbes".

Amadou Soumahoro

Amadou Soumahoro (31 October 1953 – 7 May 2022) was an Ivorian politician. He was in the National Assembly constituency of Séguéla from 2011 until his death and was President of the National Assembly from 7 March 2019 until his death. He also the President of the "Assemblée parlementaire de la Francophonie" from 9 July 2019 until his death. Soumahoro was born in Séguéla, Ivory Coast.

Soumahoro died on 7 May 2022 in Abidjan, Ivory Coast at the age of 68.

National Assembly (Ivory Coast)

The National Assembly is lower house of the Parliament of Ivory Coast since November 2016. From 1960 to 2016, the National Assembly was Ivory Coast's unicameral legislative body. The first National Assembly was met on 27 November 1960 with 70 elected members ("députés").

Legislative power in Ivory Coast is exercised by Deputies elected from Constituencies ("Circonscriptions") by a "Scrutin de Liste" or Plurality-at-large voting which has neither a proportional representation or "panachage" element common in many such systems.

The Assembly is then reformed by election from candidates who must be Ivorian citizens of 25 years or older who have never renounced their Ivorian nationality.

Parliament of Ivory Coast

The Parliament of Ivory Coast is the legislature of Ivory Coast. From 1960 to 2016, it was a unicameral body. It became a bicameral body after a new constitution was approved by referendum on October 30, 2016. The new parliament is made up of two chambers:


Senate (Ivory Coast)

The Senate is the upper house of the Parliament of Ivory Coast. The Senate was created after a new constitution was approved by a referendum in 2016. They will be met at the Felix Houphouet-Boigny Foundation for Peace Research in Yamoussoukro.

André Arthur

André Arthur (December 21, 1943 – May 8, 2022) was a Canadian radio host and politician. He was the independent Member of Parliament for the riding of Portneuf—Jacques-Cartier from 2006 to 2011.

Arthur died on May 8, 2022 at the age of 78.

John R. Cherry III

John R. Cherry III (October 11, 1948 – May 8, 2022) was an American movie director and screenwriter. He was known for creating the character of Ernest P. Worrell, played by Jim Varney. He was born in Nashville, Tennessee. 

Cherry died from Parkinson's disease on May 8, 2022, aged 73.

Maria Gusakova

Maria Ivanovna Gusakova (; 2 February 1931 – 8 May 2022) was a Soviet cross-country skier. He competed from the late 1950s to the early 1960s for VSS Spartak/ She won a gold and silver medal at the 1960 Summer Olympics and a bronze medal at the 1964 Summer Olympics. She was born in Timoshkino, Soviet Union.

Gusakova died on 8 May 2022 at the age of 91.

Bengt Johansson

Bengt Johansson (25 June 1942 – 8 May 2022) was a Swedish handball player and coach. He was born in Halmstad, Sweden. He played in the Sweden men's national handball team between 1964 and 1972. He was better known as being the coach for the Swedish team from 1988 to 2004.

Johansson died on 8 May 2022 from problems caused by Parkinson's disease at the age of 79.

Kim Chi-ha

Kim Jiha (; 4 February 1941 – 8 May 2022) was a South Korean pro-democracy activist, poet and playwright. He won the Lotus Prize for Literature in 1975.

Dennis Waterman

Dennis Waterman (24 February 1948 – 8 May 2022) was an English actor and singer. He was best known for his television roles in "The Sweeney", "Minder" and "New Tricks". He also appeared in "Up the Junction", "Scars of Dracula", "Colditz", "Fair Exchange", "Windy City" and "".

Waterman died in hospital in Madrid, Spain on 8 May 2022 at the age of 74.

Linda Lê

Linda Lê (1963 – 9 May 2022) was a Vietnamese-born French writer. She won the Fénéon Prize, the Prix Wepler, the Prix Renaudot du livre de poche, and the Prince Pierre de Monaco literary prize. Lê was born in Da Lat, Vietnam. She moved to France in 1977. She published her debut novel when she was 23.

Lê died on 9 May 2022, at the age of 58.

Jody Lukoki

Jody Lukoki (15 November 1992 – 9 May 2022) was a Congolese-Dutch professional footballer. He played as a winger. He played for FC Twente from 2021 until his death. He played for the DR Congo national football team from 2015 until 2020, making five appearances. Lukoki was born in Kindu, DR Congo.

Lukoki died while in a coma on 9 May 2022 at a hospital in Almere, Netherlands from cardiac arrest after being beaten by family members at the age of 29.

Ajax

Ludogorets Razgrad

Adreian Payne

Adreian DeAngleo Payne (February 19, 1991 – May 9, 2022) was an American professional basketball player. He played for Michigan State University from 2010 until 2014. Payne played for the Atlanta Hawks from 2014 until 2015. He played for the Minnesota Timberwolves from 2015 until 2017. Payne also played for the Orlando Magic from 2017 until 2018. He was born in Dayton, Ohio.

Payne was shot and killed on May 9, 2022 in Orlando, Florida at the age of 31.

Qin Yi

Qin Yi (; 31 January 1922 – 9 May 2022) was a Chinese actress. She was born in Shanghai, China. Her career began in 1938 and she retired in 2019. She was known for her roles in "Far Away Love" (1947), "Woman Basketball Player No. 5" (1957) and "Troubled Laughter" (1979).

Qin turned 100 in January 2022 and died four months later on 9 May 2022 in Shanghai.

Mieczysław Pietrewicz

Mieczysław Pietrewicz (1941 – 6 May 2022) was a Polish economist and politician. He was the Minister of State Treasury and Deputy Prime Minister from 1996 until 1997. He was a member of the Sejm from 1997 until 2001. Pietrewicz was a member of Monetary Policy Council from 2004 until 2010.

Pietrewicz died on 6 May 2022 at the age of 81. 

George Horvath

George Horvath (14 March 1960 - 3 May 2022) was a Swedish modern pentathlete. He competed at the 1980 Summer Olympics. He won a bronze medal in the team event. Horvath was born in Danderyd, Sweden.

Horvath died on 3 May 2022. He was 62 years old.

John Lee (government official)

John Lee Ka-chiu (; born 7 December 1957) is a Hong Kong politician. He used to be a police officer. He became the Chief Executive of Hong Kong in 2022 

Lee was Chief Secretary for Administration between 2021 and 2022, Secretary for Security between 2017 and 2021, Under Secretary for Security between 2012 and 2017, Deputy Commissioner of Police between 2010 and 2012. 

Lee ran in the election to become Hong Kong's next Chief Executive in May 2022. He was the only candidate. He took office on 1 July 2022.

William Marshal, 2nd Earl of Pembroke

William Marshal, 2nd Earl of Pembroke (1190 - 6 April 1231) was the son of William Marshal, 1st Earl of Pembroke.

Dark (TV series)

Dark is a German streaming series with three season for Netflix.

Champ de Mars

Champ de Mars is a large public park in Paris, France. It is between the Eiffel tower to the northeast, and the Ecole Militaire to the south east. The name translates as "Mars Field." It is named after Mars, the Roman god of war, and for the Campus Martius in Rome. The park was used as an exercising ground for the nearby military school. It is a rectangle about by . Its area is about . 

Jason Marnocha

Jason Marnocha (born March 9, 1989) is an American voice actor from Indiana. He affiliated with , FUNimation Entertainment, Sound Cadence Studios and VSI Los Angeles. He is known for (2016), (2019) and JoJo's Bizarre Adventure (2012). Jason is known for his very versatile, but normally deep growly voice where he portrays monsters, villains, and other minor characters in video games or anime series.

2018–19 FC Augsburg season

The 2018–19 FC Augsburg season was the 112th season in the football club's history. The season lasted from 1 July 2018 to 30 June 2019.

! colspan=14 style=background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center| Goalkeepers

! colspan=14 style=background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center| Defenders

! colspan=14 style=background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center| Midfielders

! colspan=14 style=background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center| Forwards

! colspan=14 style=background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center| Players transferred out during the season

2019–20 FC Augsburg season

The 2019–20 season was FC Augsburg's 121st season in existence. The season lasted from 1 July 2019 to 30 June 2020.

The Bundesliga schedule was announced on 28 June 2019.

! colspan=14 style=background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center| Goalkeepers

! colspan=14 style=background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center| Defenders

! colspan=14 style=background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center| Midfielders

! colspan=14 style=background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center| Forwards

! colspan=14 style=background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center| Players transferred out during the season

Foothills

A foothill is a lower hill or region at the base of a mountain range.

Timeshare

Timeshare is a vacation home ownership structure whereby one buys a time slot that entitles them to occupy the unit for a given period of time each year.

Holiday cottage

A vacation home or holiday home is a secondary dwelling that some people stay in in lieu of a hotel. Many upper middle class and upper class people own vacation homes and sometimes rent them out when not using them. There's a variety of vacation home options including




And more.

Vacation homes can come in the form of cottages, cabins, recreational vehicles, houseboats, tents,apartments\condominiums, beach houses, etc.

Condo hotel

A hotel condominium, condo hotel or condo-tel is a hotel, especially a resort hotel, where people can purchase suites. Almost all condo-tels have on-site rental programs. Hotel condominiums are usually located in highly touristy areas like on popular beaches.

Impact! (TV series)

Impact! Wrestling (styzeled as IMPACT!) or IMPACT! on AXS TV previously known as TNA Impact! is an American professional wrestling television program produced by the American promotional Impact Wrestling, that debuted on June 4, 2004.


Upper middle class

The upper middle class is the socioeconomic rank above most of the middle class and below the upper class. According to sociologist Max Weber, people in the upper middle class usually have a good education (tertiary education, usually a university degree) and they earn enough money so they can live comfortably, without having to worry about money too much. For them, it is also important that their children get a similar good education. 

Country club

A country club is an exclusive privately owned club that includes recreational facilities. Country clubs typically centre around golf and the overwhelming majority of them have golf courses.

Freelancer

A freelancer is someone who works for a multitude of employers or clients instead of being in a convention employee/boss relationship.

As the freelance economy grows in popularity, so does the demand for certain skills. With an ever-changing landscape of new technology and trends, freelancers must stay up to date on their skills in order to remain competitive. Whether you’re a beginner or a seasoned veteran, having the right skills can make all the difference when it comes to landing freelance gigs. In this blog post, we’ll explore some of the top freelance skills that are in demand and how you can acquire them. Get ready to take your career as a freelancer to the next level!

https://www.dailyexpresses.com/2023/01/Top-skills-in-demand-for-freelancers.html 

Insignificance (Jim O'Rourke album)

Insignificance is the debut studio album by Jim O'Rourke. The album was released on November 19, 2001.

2022 Sri Lankan protests

2022 Sri Lankan protests were a series of protests by many non-partisan protesters, mainly the general public and opposition political parties against the government of president Gotabaya Rajapaksa. They believe Rajapaksa is not doing a good job at fixing Sri Lanka's economy which has caused an economic crisis with severe inflation, daily blackouts up to 10–13 hours, a shortage of fuel and many essential items. Many of the protesters want the government run by the Rajapaksa family to resign, and creating new set of qualified democratic rulers. 

The protesters commonly chanted slogans such as "Go home Gota", <nowiki>"Go Home Rajapaksas"</nowiki> and "Gota pissek" (Gota is a lunatic). 

The protests have been mainly staged by the general public including teachers, students, doctors, nurses, IT professionals, farmers, lawyers, social activists, sportspersons, engineers, and a few police officers. 

On 9 July 2022, President Gotabaya Rajapaksa and Prime Minister Ranil Wickremesinghe announced their resignations after protestors storm their homes in Colombo. However, Rajapaksa promised to resign on 13 July, but instead left the country to the Maldives and later Singapore and stayed as president. He would officially resign as president on 14 July. On 20 July 2022, Wickremesinghe was elected president.

Dr. Demento

Barret Eugene "Barry" Hansen (born April 2, 1941), known professionally as Dr. Demento, is an American radio broadcaster and comedic singer. He is known for his parody songs and for being the inspiration of "Weird Al" Yankovic.

Janosch

Janosch (, born Horst Eckert; 11 March 1931) is a German children's author and illustrator. He was born in Hindenburg, Weimar Republic. His best known work is "Janoschs Traumstunde".


Denys Dubrov

Denys Vitaliovich Dubrov (, 10 January 1989 – 9 May 2022) was a Ukrainian swimmer. At the 2016 Rio Paralympics, he won three gold, three silver and two bronze medals, setting world records in the Men's SM10 200 m individual medley and S10 100m butterfly events. 

Davyd Zhvania

Davyd Vazhaevich Zhvania (; ; 20 July 1967 – 9 May 2022) was a Ukrainian politician. He was a member of the Verkhovna Rada from 2002 until 2014. He was also the Emergency Minister of Ukraine for a short time in 2005. He was born in Tbilisi, then-Georgia SSR.

Zhvania was shot and killed on 9 May 2022 during the Russian invasion in the Zaporizhzhia Oblast, Ukraine at the age of 54.

Shivkumar Sharma

Pandit Shivkumar Sharma (13 January 1938 – 10 May 2022) was an Indian composer and santoor player. He was born in Jammu, Jammu and Kashmir, British Raj. His career began in 1955. Some of the movies he composed music for were musical hits, such as "Faasle" (1985), "Chandni" (1989), "Lamhe" (1991), and "Darr" (1993).

Sharma died from cardiac arrest in Jammu on 10 May 2022, aged 84.

Hariprasad Chaurasia

Hariprasad Chaurasia (born 1 July 1938) is an Indian music director and classical flautist. He plays the flute, in the Hindustani classical tradition. Chaurasia was born in Allahabad, United Provinces, British India. He was known for being part of the duo Shiv–Hari with Shivkumar Sharma. His career began in 1957. Some of the best known music he composed for movies were "Faasle" (1985), "Chandni" (1989), "Lamhe" (1991), and "Darr" (1993). 

Devlet Bahçeli

Devlet Bahçeli (born 1 January 1948) is a Turkish politician and economist. He was the deputy prime minister from 1999 until 2002. In 1997, he was elected chairman of the Nationalist Movement Party (MHP).

Robert Brom

Robert Henry Brom (September 18, 1938 – May 9, 2022) was an American prelate of the Roman Catholic Church. He was bishop of the Diocese of Duluth from 1983 to 1989. He later was bishop of the Diocese of San Diego in Southern California from 1990 to 2013. Brom was born in Arcadia, Wisconsin.

Brom died on May 9, 2022 in San Diego, California at the age of 83.

Scinax eurydice

The Maracas snouted tree frog ("Scinax eurydice") is a frog. It lives in Brazil.

Clausthal-Zellerfeld

Clausthal-Zellerfeld is a town in Lower Saxony, Germany. Its population is around 15,000. The towns of Clausthal and Zellerfeld joined to form Clausthal-Zellerfeld.

Mining was done in the city from the 16th century. It stopped in 1930, as there was nothing left to mine.

Graham Thorpe

Graham Paul Thorpe (born 1 August 1969) is a former English cricketer. He played for England internationally and Surrey domestically. He was a left-handed middle-order batter and slip fielder. He appeared in 100 Test matches for England between 1993 and 2005.

Thorpe was born in Farnham, Surrey. He is married to Amanda.

In May 2022, Thorpe was in hospital with a serious illness.

Guia Fortress

The Guia Fortress (; ) is a 17th-century colonial fort, chapel, and lighthouse in São Lázaro, Macau. The lighthouse is part of the UNESCO World Heritage Site Historic Centre of Macau.

São Lázaro

São Lázaro is a civil parish () of Macau, it is located in the central part of the Macau Peninsula. 

São Lourenço, Macau

São Lourenço is a civil parish () of Macau. It is located in the southwestern of Macau Peninsula.

Nossa Senhora de Fátima, Macau

Nossa Senhora de Fátima is a civil parish in the northern part of the Macau Peninsula of Macau. It has an area of . 

Peter Sohn

Peter Sohn (Born 1/23/1977) is an American animator, director, voice actor, and storyboard artist. Sohn has acted for many Disney/Pixar movies, including Lightyear, Luca, The Good Dinosaur, Toy Story of Terror, Monsters University, WALL·E,Ratatouille, and The Incredibles. He also was the director of The Good Dinosaur.

As well as acting and directing, Peter Sohn was in the art department for Toy Story 3 as a production artist and as a storyboard artist, Up, WALL·E, Ratatouille, The Incredibles, and Osmosis Jones as a storyboard artist, and Finding Nemo as a production artist.

St. Dominic's Church, Macau

Saint Dominic's Church (; ) is a late 16th-century Baroque-style church in Macau.

Janny Minholts

Janny Minholts also written as Janneke Minholtz (born 22 November 1949) is a Dutch former Paralympic swimmer from Oosterhoogebrug. She was a member of Gehandicapten Sportclub Groningen (GSC), Zwemclub Groningen (ZCG) and represented the Netherlands at international competitions. She won two gold medals and a bronze medal at the 1968 Summer Paralympics.

She prepared three years intensively on the 1968 Summer Paralympics. She trained almost every early morning at “Helperbad” in Groningen. She was trained and coached by Jan van der Tuin and trained together with Olympians Klenie Bimolt and Coby Sikkens. The swimming events at the 1968 Summer Paralympics took all place on the same day. She won the gold medal in the 50 m Backstroke special class event, breaking her own world record, ahead of Ingrid van der Benden. She won another gold medal in the 3x 50 m Medley Relay special class event together with Wil Verschoor and Ingrid van der Benden. Minholts swam the 50 m backstroke. The third event where she competed in was the 50 m Breaststroke special class. She wasn’t in general not as good in the breaststroke as in the backstroke and won the bronze medal.

In the weeks after she returned from the Paralympics, she was honored multiple times. Including the village hall on Saturday 16 November. A festive event where people could congratulate her. She was addressed by the alderman and mayor. On 22 November she was honored by minister Klompé in The Hague.

After the Paralympics, she retired from competitive swimming. As she was in her 5th and last year at the Thorbecke Lyceum in Groningen, she focussed after the Paralympics on her final examination. After graduation she planned to study at the Academie voor Sociale en Culturele Arbeid to become a social worker.

Quirien Jonker

Quirien Klaversteijn-Jonker is a Dutch Paralympic swimmer from Soest. She won two silver medals at the 1972 Summer Paralympics. At the 1971 Stoke Mandeville Games she won a gold medal in a new world record, and also won a silver medal.

Having polio Jonker competed in swimming competitions in disability class 3. She was selected to represent the Netherlands at the 1971 Stoke Mandeville Games, the World Games in Great Britain, in July 1971. She became champion in the 25 m backstroke event in a new world record with a time of 33.8 seconds. She won furthermore a silver medal in the 25 m breaststroke event. At the 1972 Summer Paralympics in Heidelberg she won two silver medals. She finished second in the 25 m backstroke behind Henny Hilberink. Together with Netty van der Krieke and Sonja Graveland she won also the silver medal in the 3x 50 metres relay event.

Jonker had polio. The mother of Jonker was Else Jonker-Driessen. She had four brothers and sisters. Jonker lived in Soest where she worked as a teacher at the Margrietschool. Jonker married Jan J. Klaversteijn in Soest on 21 December 1972. They moved to Bunnik. They have two sons: Jan and Erik. In the 1990s Jonker was secretary of the VSN, Post-polio Support Group in Bunnik.

Laser Kiwi flag

The Laser Kiwi flag is a joke flag from the 2015 New Zealand flag contest. After the contest, they stayed using the British Colonial flag.

Set It Off (band)

Set It Off is an American punk/rock band formed in 2008 in Tampa, Florida. They gained popularity on lead vocalist Cody Carson’s YouTube channel. 3 of the band albums made it to the Billboard 200 chart. The band members are Cody Carson (vocals, guitar), Zach Dewall (guitar, vocals), Austin Kerr (bass, vocals), Maxx Danziger (drums) and Dan Clermont (synth, vocals). In 2015, Austin Kerr was removed from the band after sexual assault allegations he addressed. 

Cephalaspid

The Cephalaspidida are an extinct group of fish from the Devonian period which was 419.2 to 358.9 million years ago (mya). Cephalaspids had no jaws. Also these fish have plates on their heads to protect them.

Eoin MacNeill

Eoin MacNeil (15 May 1867 – 15 October 1945) was an Irish scholar, Irish language enthusiast, nationalist and politician who served as Minister for Education from 1922 to 1925, Ceann Comhairle of Dáil Éireann from 1921 to 1922, Minister for Industries 1919 to 1921 and Minister for Finance January 1919 to April 1919. He served as a Teachta Dála from 1918 to 1927. He was a Member of Parliament for Londonderry City from 1918 to 1922 and a Member of the Northern Ireland Parliament for Londonderry from 1921 to 1925

Laurence Ginnell

Lauren Ginnel was an Irish politician.

Matthew Wood

Matthew Russell Wood (born 8/15/1972) is an American voice actor.
He is known for playing General Griveous in and . He has also played Bib Fortuna in The Book of Boba Fett, , The Mandalorian, and , as well as many other roles related to the Star Wars series. Wood also had smaller roles in Robot Chicken, What’s New, Scooby-Doo?, Knives Out, Next Gen, Olaf’s Frozen Adventure, The Emoji Movie, , and Star Trek Into Darkness.

Robert Gillmor

Robert Gillmor MBE (6 July 1936 – 8 May 2022) was a British ornithologist, artist, illustrator, author and editor. He was a founder member of the Society of Wildlife Artists (SWLA). He was the society's chairman and president. He worked on over 100 books, and in 2001 was honored with the RSPB Medal.

Nadungamuwa Raja

Nadungamuwa Vijaya Raja (, ), also known as simply Nadungamuwa Raja ( – 7 March 2022), was an Indian elephant. For more than a decade, he was the main casket bearer of the procession of Esala. Nadungamuwa Raja was the largest tame elephant in Asia. When Raja died, Sri Lankan President Gotabaya Rajapaksa said that Raja a national treasure.

Nadungamuwa Raja died in the early morning of 7 March 2022 at the age of 68/69 from a heart attack. The President of Sri Lanka Gotabaya Rajapaksa ordered that Raja's body be preserved as a stuffed body.

John H. Coates

John Henry Coates (26 January 1945 – 9 May 2022) was an Australian mathematician. He was a professor at the University of Cambridge from 1986 to 2012. He was born in New South Wales, Australia.

Coates died on 9 May 2022 in Cambridge, England at the age of 77.

Gerald Hannon

Gerald Hannon (July 10, 1944 – May 9, 2022) was a Canadian journalist.

Hannon was known for talking about pedophilia in his article "Men Loving Boys Loving Men" (1977). Hannon was accused and later found innocent on obscenity charges laid because of what he wrote in the article.

In 1995, he was controversially hired by Ryerson University as a journalism instructor while he was working as a male prostitute at the same time.

Hannon died on May 9, 2022 by assisted suicide, four years after being diagnosed with Parkinson's disease in Toronto, Ontario at the age of 77.

Tim Johnson (Illinois politician)

Timothy Vincent Johnson (July 23, 1946 – May 9, 2022) was an American politician and lawyer. He was the U.S. representative for from 2001 to 2013. He was a member of the Republican Party. He did not run for re-election in 2012. He was also a member of the Illinois House of Representatives from 1977 until 2001. He was born in Champaign, Illinois.

Johnson died on May 9, 2022 in Urbana, Illinois at the age of 75.

Rodney Davis (politician)

Rodney Lee Davis (born January 5, 1970) is an American Republican politician. He was the U.S. representative for Illinois's 13th congressional district from 2013 to 2023. In 2022, he lost re-nomination to U.S. Representative Mary Miller.

Santa Claus (politician)

Santa Claus (born Thomas Patrick O'Connor; May 1947) is an American politician, monk, and child welfare activist. He was a member of the North Pole, Alaska City Council from 2015 to 2022. Claus was re-elected to the council in 2019, with 100 votes. He was also the mayor pro tem. He was a candidate for the United States House of Representatives in the 2022 special election. 

Claus is a Christian monk of the Celtic Anglican order Anam Cara.

He changed his name to match the legendary character in 2005, to help bring awareness for his activism about children's health and welfare.

Claus has a stepson, but is not currently married. He has confirmed that he has had multiple cancers, but has not shared any specific diagnoses.

Claus is a supporter of democratic socialism, including support for medicare-for-all, coronavirus relief, a wealth tax, and student loan cancellation.

Claus supported Joe Biden's presidential campaign in the 2020 election after Bernie Sanders dropped out of the Democratic primary.

Claus is a supporter of medical marijuana. He says that his views are similar to those of Bernie Sanders, sharing the same views as Sanders on racial justice, corporate taxes, and election freedoms.

In April 2022, Claus announced his candidacy for the United States House of Representatives in the 2022 special election. He wanted to finish the rest of Congressman Don Young's term, but after having a lot of support, he said he would run for a full two year term in November 2022. Claus was among 48 candidates running in the non-partisan June primary, including former Alaskan Governor Sarah Palin. However, he lost in the June primary and did not advance to the run-off primary.

Morbius (movie)

Morbius is a 2022 American superhero movie based on the Marvel Comics character Morbius. The movie is produced by Columbia Pictures in association with Marvel and distributed by Sony Pictures Releasing. It is the third movie in Sony's Spider-Man Universe. It was directed by Daniel Epsinosa. It was released in the United States on April 1, 2022. It received negative reviews from critics and did not do well at the box office.


Walden Bello

Walden Flores Bello (born November 11, 1945) is a Filipino academic, environmentalist, and social activist. He was a member of the House of Representatives of the Philippines from 2007 until 2015. He is an adjunct professor at Binghamton University. 

On October 20, 2021, Bello announced his candidacy for vice president in the 2022 Philippine elections as the running mate of presidential candidate and labor leader Leody de Guzman. Bello is a democratic socialist.


Żary

Żary ( , , ) is a town in western Poland. Its population is 37,500.

Charles Rufus Skinner

Charles Rufus Skinner (August 4, 1844 – June 30, 1928) was a member of the United States House of Representatives from Mexico, New York. He started as an editor of the Watertown Daily Times from 1870 to 1874. He was a member of the Board of Education of Watertown, New York from 1875 to 1884. Skinner died in Pelham Manor, New York on June 30, 1928 and was buried in Brookside Cemetery in Watertown, New York.

Tom Osborne

Thomas William Osborne (born February 23, 1937) is a former American football player, coach, college athletics administrator, and politician. He was head football coach of the Nebraska Cornhuskers from 1973 to 1997. He was honored into the College Football Hall of Fame in 1999. Osborne was a member of the United States House of Representatives from Nebraska's third district as a Republican from 2001 until 2007.

Osborne played college football as a quarterback and wide receiver at Hastings College. He played for the NFL for a short time with the San Francisco 49ers and Washington Redskins from 1959 until 1961.

Kelly Ward

Kelly Ward (born November 17, 1956) is an American actor and voice director for television animation. As an actor, he is best known for his role as T-Bird Putzie in the 1978 movie "Grease", and as a voice director, he is best known for his work on the Cartoon Network animated series "Ed, Edd n Eddy".

Silas Carson

Silas Carson (born 8 January 1965) is an English actor, mostly known for portraying several characters in the "Star Wars" franchise, including Nute Gunray, Ki-Adi-Mundi, Lott Dod and Antidar Williams.

He has also been the voice of Ood in "Doctor Who". 

Carson also played roles in many indie films and television shows.

Hotel Saratoga explosion

On May 6, 2022, Hotel Saratoga, a five-story luxury hotel in Havana, Cuba had a suspected gas leak explosion that damaged large parts of the building. At least forty-two people died, while another ninety-four were injured. At the time of the explosion, the hotel was undergoing renovations and there were no guests, however there were fifty-one workers inside the hotel.

Bill Koch (businessman)

William Ingraham Koch (; born May 3, 1940) is an American billionaire businessman, sailor, and collector. His boat was the winner of the America's Cup in 1992. Koch's net worth was at $1.8 billion in 2019.

David Koch (1940−2019) was his twin brother. His other brothers are Frederick R. Koch (1933−2020) and Charles Koch (born 1935).

Glenn Dubin

Glenn Russell Dubin (born April 13, 1957) is an American hedge fund manager. He is also the co-founder of Highbridge Capital Management and a founding board member of the Robin Hood Foundation.

List of presidents of Ukraine

This is a list of people who have served as the President of Ukraine. 

May Calamawy

May El Calamawy (, ; born October 28, 1986) is an Egyptian-Palestinian actress. She has worked and lived in the United States since 2015. She is known for her roles in the American television series "Ramy" as Dena Hassan and "Moon Knight" as Layla El-Faouly.

Seoul Subway Line 3

Seoul Metropolitan Subway Line 3 of the Seoul Metropolitan Subway is a rapid transit train. It connects Eunpyeong District to Gangnam and southeastern Seoul. Most trains on this line go further northwest to Goyang along the Ilsan Line. In 2019, 330 million or about 900,000 passengers per day rode the train along the Seoul Metro section.

In December 2010 the line had the second highest WiFi data use in the Seoul Metropolitan area. It averaged 1.8 times more data use than the other 14 subway lines that have WiFi service.

Construction began in 1980. The first section of Line 3 opened (Gupabal–Yangjae; Jichuk opened in 1990) after work was finished in two stages during 1985. In October 1993, a second extension to the south was opened (Yangjae–Suseo).

In March 1996, the Korail Ilsan Line opened. This lets Line 3 trains go all the way to the city of Goyang. There are 2 depots near Jichuk station and Suseo station for both Korail and Seoul Metro.

A 3 km extension opened on February 18, 2010. It goes from Suseo to Garak Market (Line 8) and Ogeum (Line 5).

On December 27, 2014, Wonheung station opened between Wondang and Samsong stations.




Ogeum station

Ogeum station is a railway station on Line 3 and Line 5 of the Seoul Subway. Seoul Metro operates both Line 3 and 5 platforms. It is the southern end of Line 3. It takes about 95 minutes to travel between Ogeum Station and Daehwa Station, the northern end of the line.

Some scenes for the movie "The Bourne Legacy" were filmed at the station.

Jichuk station

Jichuk Station is northwest of Seoul on Seoul Subway Line 3. It is within walking distance to Eunpyeong-gu, Seoul. Jichuk station has a subway depot for Line 3 trains nearby.

Jichuk Station is named after the administrative area (dong) where it is. The area used to be two villages in the Joseon period. Jijeong-ri produced paper. Chuk-ri was famous for its bush clover. When the area became united under Goyang-gun, it was named using the first syllables of the two villages.

The Visitor (Jim O'Rourke album)

The Visitor is the second studio album by Jim O'Rourke. The album was released on September 8, 2009.

Patricia A. McKillip

Patricia Anne McKillip (February 29, 1948 – May 6, 2022) was an American fantasy novelist. 

McKillip holds the record for the most Mythopoeic Fantasy Awards (four) and nominations (fifteen). She also won World Fantasy Awards for Best Novel, as well as for Life Achievement.

McKillip's first works were two short children's books, "The Throme of the Erril of Sherill" and "The House on Parchment Street". Her first novel, "The Forgotten Beasts of Eld", was published in 1974 and won the World Fantasy Award in 1975.

McKillip died on May 6, 2022, at the age of 74.

Maya Hawke

Maya Ray Thurman Hawke (born July 8, 1998) is an American actress and model. She is the daughter of actress Uma Thurman and actor Ethan Hawke. She played Jo March in the 2017 BBC version of "Little Women". She played Robin Buckley in the third season of the Netflix series "Stranger Things" (2019).

Nena von Schlebrügge

Baroness Birgitte Caroline "Nena" von Schlebrügge (born January 8, 1941) is a Mexican-born Swedish-American model. She was active from the 1950s and 1960s. She started her high-fashion modelling career in London in 1957. She worked at "Vogue" and "Harper's Bazaar". Her daughter is actress Uma Thurman.

She modeled for ‘Famntaget’ (‘The Embrace’) in Sweden.

Robert Thurman

Robert Alexander "Bob" Farrar Thurman (born August 3, 1941) is an American Buddhist writer and academic. He has written, edited, and translated many books on Tibetan Buddhism. He was a Professor of Indo-Tibetan Buddhist Studies at Columbia University, before retiring in June 2019. He also is the co-founder and president of the Tibet House US New York. He is the father of actress Uma Thurman.

Buck Martinez

John Albert "Buck" Martinez (born November 7, 1948) is an American former professional baseball catcher and manager. He is the television play-by-play announcer for the Toronto Blue Jays. He played 17 seasons in Major League Baseball (MLB) with the Kansas City Royals, the Milwaukee Brewers, and the Toronto Blue Jays. Martinez managed the Toronto Blue Jays from 2001 to May 2002. He was born in Redding, California.

In April 2022, Martinez was diagnosed with cancer.

Jim Pillen

Jim Pillen (born December 31, 1955) is an American Republican politician, veterinarian, and businessman who is the 41st and current Governor of Nebraska since 2023. He is a member of the Republican Party.

Pillen was born in Columbus, Nebraska. He studied at the University of Nebraska–Lincoln and Kansas State University.

From 1975 to 1978, he was a defensive back for the Nebraska Cornhuskers football team.

Before entering politics, Pillen was a farmer and is a practicing veterinarian. He also works as chair of Pillen Family Farms.

Joseph P. Kelly (attorney)

Joseph Patrick Kelly (born March 17, 1956) is an American attorney and politician who is the 42nd and current Lieutenant Governor of Nebraska since 2023. He was the United States attorney for the District of Nebraska from 2018 to 2021.

In April 2022, Nebraska gubernatorial candidate Jim Pillen announced Kelly as his running mate for Lieutenant Governor of Nebraska.

Kelly was born in Lexington, Nebraska. He studied at the University of Nebraska.

Sonia Chang-Díaz

Sonia Rosa Chang-Díaz (born March 31, 1978) is an American politician. She is in the Massachusetts Senate from the 2nd Suffolk district since 2009. She is a member of the Democratic Party.

She was the first Hispanic woman elected to the state senate. She ran for the Democratic nomination for Governor of Massachusetts in the 2022 election.

Chang-Díaz was born in Boston, Massachusetts. She studied at the University of Virginia.

Tibet House US

Tibet House US (THUS) is a Tibetan cultural preservation and education nonprofit. It was founded in 1987 in New York City by a group of Westerners after the Fourteenth Dalai Lama, Tenzin Gyatso, wanted to create a cultural institution to build awareness of Tibetan culture.

Willy Ley

Willy Otto Oskar Ley (October 2, 1906 – June 24, 1969) was a German-American science writer and rocket scientist. He was a known supporter of cryptozoology. The crater Ley on the far side of the Moon is named in his honor.

The Straight Road

The Straight Road is a 1914 American silent drama movie directed by Allan Dwan and starring Gladys Hanson, William Russell, Iva Shepard, Lorraine Huling, Arthur Hoops. It was distributed by Paramount Pictures.

Essential tremor

Essential tremor (ET), also called benign tremor, familial tremor, and idiopathic tremor, is a disorder of the nervous system that causes the patient to experience involuntary movements, producing involuntary and rhythmic jerks. It often affects the hands, although it can sometimes affect the voice or the head. Although it is the most common type of tremor, its causes have not yet been identified. It is not usually a dangerous condition, but essential tremor can progress over time, worsening the patient's condition.

Essential tremor is a progressive neurological disorder, and the most common movement disorder. Its onset is usually after age 40, but it can occur at any age. The cause is unknown. Diagnosis is by observing the typical pattern of the tremor coupled with the exclusion of known causes of such a tremor.

During maturation, a process occurs that involves progressive neurodegeneration and/or the death of neurons. This process, which can be normal and natural during normal aging, involves the fundamental cells of the nervous tissue and its internal components, which are the ones that prevent effectiveness in conducting information in the human brain, with the appearance of tremors, such as in Parkinson's disease. Essential tremor is the result of abnormal communication between certain areas of the brain, including the cerebellum, thalamus, and brainstem.
This ailment affects men and women, being more frequent in people over 65 years of age. Although the exact cause of essential tremor is unknown, some work indicates that the part of the brain that controls muscle movements does not work correctly in patients with essential tremor. Half of the cases of essential tremor are the consequence of a genetic mutation, although the specific gene has not been identified. This type is called familial tremor. It is unknown what causes essential tremor in people who do not have a genetic mutation.
The diagnosis is usually made on clinical grounds. Tremors can begin at any age, from birth to old age (senile tremor). Any voluntary muscle in the body can be affected, although tremor is most commonly seen in the hands and arms and slightly less on the neck (which makes the person's head move), tongue, and legs. A resting tremor of the hands is sometimes present. Tremor occurring in the legs may be diagnosed as orthostatic tremor.

ET occurs within multiple neurological disorders in addition to Parkinson's disease. This includes migraine disorders, where co-occurrences between ET and migraines have been examined.
Essential tremor is usually treated with medication.

Mrs. Black Is Back

Mrs. Black Is Back is a 1914 American comedy-drama movie directed by Thomas N. Heffron and starring May Irwin, Charles Willis Lane, Clara Blandick, Wellington A. Playter, Elmer Booth, Marie Pavis, Cyril Chadwick. It was distributed by Paramount Pictures.

A Romantic Adventuress

A Romantic Adventuress is a 1920 American silent drama movie directed by Harley Knoles and starring Dorothy Dalton, Charles Meredith, Augusta Anderson, Ivo Dawson, Robert Schable. It was distributed by Paramount Pictures.

Malcolm Jarvis

Malcolm Peter Jarvis was born 6 December, 1955 in Masvingo, Zimbabwe. He is a Zimbabwean cricketer who played 5 tests and 12 one-day internationals between 1987 and 1995. He is the father of Zimbabwean cricketer Kyle Jarvis.


Cameroonian Football Federation

The Cameroonian Football Federation () is the leading body of football in Cameroon. It organizes the Cameroon national football team both men and women. It also organizes the Première Division, the highest league in club football. It is known as FECAFOOT.

On 11 December 2021 Samuel Eto’o Fil was elected President of the organisation.




Scinax villasboasi

Scinax villasboasi is a frog. It lives in Brazil. Scientists have seen it in exactly one place: Campo de Provas in Pará.

Iyrcae

The Iyrcae () were an ancient nation on the north-east trade route described by Herodotus beyond the Thyssagetae.

They were distinguished by their mode of hunting, climbing a tree to survey their game, and then pursuing it with trained horses and dogs. Possibly as a result of false correction, they are mentioned during the first century CE, refers to the Τυρκαι ("Turcae") in the forests north of the Sea of Azov, and Pliny the Elder lists the "Tyrcae" among the people of the same area. The ethnonym Iyrcae was also hypothesized to be connected to the Oghuz Turkic tribe of the Anatolian Yörüks. Some historians, however, include them among the Sarmatian tribes, since the accounts of Herodotus are consistent with later records of the Sarmatians culture, and the archaeological finds from the area at that time are also identical with the Sarmatians.

Lombard language

Lombard is a Gallo-Romance language, in a linguistic continuum it is spoken by millions of people in Northern Italy and Southern Switzerland, most of Lombardy and some areas of Piedmont and the western side of Trentino, and in Switzerland in the cantons of Ticino and Graubünden. Lombard dialects are also heard in Santa Catarina in Brazil.

Nördlinger Ries

The Nördlinger Ries is an impact crater caused by a meteorite. It is a large circular depression in western Bavaria and eastern Baden-Württemberg. 

It is north of the Danube in the district of Donau-Ries. The city of Nördlingen is in the depression, about south-west of its centre.

The depression is a meteorite impact crater formed 14.808 ± 0.038 million years ago in the Miocene. The crater is most commonly referred to simply as "Ries crater" or "the Ries". 

The original crater rim had an estimated diameter of . The present floor of the depression is about below the eroded remains of the rim.

It was originally assumed that the Ries was of volcanic origin. In 1960 Eugene Shoemaker and Edward C.T. Chao showed that the depression was caused by meteorite impact.

Stone buildings in Nördlingen contain millions of tiny diamonds, all less than across. The impact that caused the Nördlinger Ries crater created an estimated of them when it hit a local graphite deposit. Stone from this area was quarried and used for the local buildings.

Backlink

A backlink is a type of web resource. It is a link from another website that links to that resource, which is typically a web page, website, or web directory. The number, quality, and relevance of backlinks for a web page are some of the things that search engines like Google use to estimate how important the page is. Businesses tried to get as many links to their website as they could. Then their site would appear above others when people searched. This matters for online shopping. Google has tried to check that the links it counts are relevant. Businesses may also try to damage their competitors by putting lots of poor quality links to their websites. 

Military of Afghanistan

The Military of Afghanistan consisted of Afghani's who advocated for peace and the freedom to rule their State. Their intention was to along with the help of The United States rid Afghanistan of the Taliban. Their ranks were cluttered with corruption but, also included loyal patriots. The army eventually gave in after the withdrawal of U.S. troops.

National Smallbore Rifle Association

The National Smallbore Rifle Association (NSRA) is a British charity and governing body for some shooting sports.

The NSRA governs target shooting with smallbore rifles and pistols, as well as airguns and match crossbow.

The NSRA is based at The Lord Roberts Centre at the National Shooting Centre, Bisley Camp in Surrey. They organise competitions all year round.

The NSRA holds a big competition at Bisley each year in August. The first meeting was held in 1922 and has been held every year since, except during World War 1 and World War 2.

Most competitions are shot at distances of fifty metres and one hundred yards.



British Shooting

British Shooting is the governing body for ISSF shooting sports in the United Kingdom. The organisation looks after Britain's shooting teams for the Olympic Games and Paralympic Games.

In 2007 British Shooting replaced another organisation called the GB Target Shooting Federation. British Shooting is not a membership organisation, which is unusual for a governing body. Because there are lots of organisations managing different sorts of shooting sports in the UK, British Shooting brings the rifle, pistol and shotgun shooters together from all those other shooting organisations.

Since 2007, British Shooting's teams have won several medals at the Olympic Games and Shooting World Championships.

At the 2012 London Olympics, Peter Wilson won a Gold medal in the Men's Double Trap.

At the 2016 Olympic Games, British Shooting delivered two Bronze medals for Team GB - Edward Ling in the Men's Trap and Steven Scott in the Men's Double Trap.

At the 2018 ISSF World Shooting Championships, Seonaid McIntosh became world champion in the Women's 50Metre Prone Rifle. In 2019, Seonaid won three World Cup medals, including the first World Cup Gold medal ever won by a British woman. At the 2019 European Shooting Championships she became the European Champion in the 300 Metre Prone Rifle event.

At the 2020 Olympics, Matthew Coward-Holley won Team GB's only shooting medal in the Men's Trap.



Hideki Konno

Hideki Konno (born May 13, 1965) is a video game director, designer, and producer who works for Nintendo. Since 2015, Konno has worked on Nintendo’s Smart Device Group, the department responsible for the company’s smartphone games.

Some of the most well known projects Konno has worked on include the Mario Kart and parts of the Super Mario series, the Nintendo 3DS, both of the Nintendogs games, and two of the Luigi’s Mansion games.

Teófilo Braga

Joaquim Teófilo Fernandes Braga (; 24 February 1843 – 28 January 1924) was a Portuguese writer and politician and the leader of the Government of Portugal after the overthrow of King Manuel II. He was also the second elected president of the First Portuguese Republic.

Teófilo Braga was born in the Azores, in São José, Ponta Delgada, his father was Joaquim Manuel Fernandes Braga and his mother was Maria José da Câmara e Albuquerque, from the island of Santa Maria. He got a bachelor's degree at the University of Coimbra in 1868 and studied modern literature at the University of Lisbon in 1872.

Bob Lanier

Robert Jerry Lanier Jr. (September 10, 1948 – May 10, 2022) was an American professional basketball player. He played center for the Detroit Pistons and the Milwaukee Bucks of the National Basketball Association. Lanier was honored into the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame in 1992.

After retiring from playing he was an assistant coach for the Golden State Warriors, and briefly was their interim head coach. He went on to work as an NBA Cares Global Ambassador.

Lanier died on May 10, 2022 from a short-illness, aged 73.

Manuel de Arriaga

Manuel José de Arriaga Brum da Silveira e Peyrelongue (; 8 July 1840 – 5 March 1917) was a Portuguese lawyer and the first elected president of the First Portuguese Republic after overthrowing King Manuel II of Portugal.

University of Coimbra

The University of Coimbra (UC; , ) is a public research university in Coimbra, Portugal. The university is one of the oldest active universities in the world. In 2013, UNESCO made the university a World Heritage Site.

Genoese dialect

Genoese, locally called , is the Ligurian dialect spoken in Genoa, the capital city of Liguria, in Northern Italy.

Mary Kuivenhoven

Mary Kuivenhoven (born circa 1952) is a Dutch Paralympic swimmer from Soest. She competed at the1972 Summer Paralympics, winning a gold medal as part of the 4x 100 metres relay team, and individually two silver medals and a bronze medal.

She worked as a shop assistant.

Ingrid van der Benden

Ingrid van den Benden (born 1951) is a former Dutch Paralympic swimmer. She won three gold medals and one silver medal at the 1968 Summer Paralympics. She won four gold medals at the 1972 Summer Paralympics in Heidelberg.

When Van den Bende was two, she moved with her parents from Indonesia to the Netherlands. Shortly before she arrived in the Netherlands, she had polio. For her rehabilitation she started swimming when she was four. At the time, she walked with suspenders and high shoes. During the swimming competitions of the 60th anniversary of the “Amsterdamse Specialisten Vereniging” in 1966 she swam very fast. Her performance was noticed and so she was able to compete the same year and the following year at the Stoke Mandeville Games, the annual competitions for athletes with disabilities in Great Britain. In both years she won three times. 

At first he trained every Thursday night at the ZAR. She was a member of the ISA swimming club in Amsterdam. She was selected to compete in the 1968 Summer Paralympics in Tel Aviv, in Israel. She has won two individual gold medals, a silver medal and a gold medal in the 3x 50m relay. After the Paralympics she was awarded in her school. It was a festive event, including a speech from the mayor. She received several gifts, including a swimming diploma: 

At the 1969 Dutch National Championships she swam four world records. At the 1972 Dutch National Championships she swam two world records.

In the years preceding the 1972 Summer Paralympics in Heidelberg she intensified her training to a professional level, having three training sessions per day, five days a week, plus Saturday as match-day. As result she swam several long-lasting World Records and won three individual gold medals plus another gold medal as part of the 4x 100m relay.


Andra Martin

Andra Martin (born Sandra Rehn, July 15, 1935 – May 3, 2022) was an American actress. She was known for being in Warner Bros. movies during the 1950s and 1960s. She was born in Rockford, Illinois. She was known for her roles in "The Thing That Couldn't Die", "Up Periscope" and "Yellowstone Kelly". 

Martin died on May 3, 2022, at the age of 86.

Francis J. Meehan

Francis Joseph "Frank" Meehan (February 14, 1924 – May 7, 2022) was an American diplomat. He was born in East Orange, New Jersey. He was an ambassador during the Jimmy Carter and Ronald Reagan presidencies. 

Meehan was the Ambassador to Czechoslovakia from 1979 until 1980. He later was the Ambassador to Poland from 1980 to 1983. Meehan lastly was the Ambassador to East Germany from 1985 until 1988.

Meehan died on May 7, 2022 in Helensburgh, Scotland at the age of 98.

Underworld (2003 movie)

Underworld is a 2003 American action horror movie. The movie is produced by Screen Gems and distributed by Sony Pictures Releasing. It is the first movie in the Underworld franchise. It was directed by Len Wiseman. It was released in the United States on September 19, 2003.



María Duval

María Dussauge Ortiz (born 2 August 1937), commonly known as María Duval, is a Mexican actress and singer. She was of the stars from the Golden Age of Mexican cinema. Duval was born in Querétaro, Mexico. Her career lasted from 1955 until 1995. 


María Duval (Argentine actress)

María Duval (born María Mogilesky; 17 May 1926 – 10 May 2022) was an Argentine actress. She was popular during the 1940s. She made 21 movies from 1940 until her retirement in 1948. She was born in Bahía Blanca, Argentina. Her best known roles were in "La senda oscura" (1947), "Story of a Bad Woman" (1947), "La serpiente de cascabel" (1948), "Cita en las estrellas" (1949) and "El extraño caso de la mujer asesinada" (1949).

Duval died on 10 May 2022 at her home in Buenos Aires, Argentine one week before her 96th birthday.

Kjell Lönnå

Kjell Lönnå (13 July 1936 – 10 May 2022) was a Swedish choir leader, composer and television personality. He was born in Smedjebacken, Sweden. His career lasted from 1953 until 2022. He wrote the soundtrack for "Den Svenska Psalmboken". Lönnå was one of the national conductors for the National Swedish Choir Association.

Lönnå died on 10 May 2022, at the age of 85.

Enrique Metinides

Jaralambos Enrique Metinides Tsironides (12 February 1934 – 10 May 2022) was a Mexican photographer. He began working with photography as a child. He published his first photo in a newspaper when he was twelve and at age thirteen, became an unpaid assistant at La Prensa. Metinides was born in Mexico City.

Metinides died on 10 May 2022 in Mexico City, aged 88.

Shireen Abu Akleh

Shireen Abu Akleh (3 April 1971 – 11 May 2022) was a Palestinian-American journalist. She worked as a reporter for the Arabic-language channel of Al Jazeera for 25 years until her assassination. She was born in Jerusalem. She was seen as a role model by many upcoming talented Palestinian and Arab journalists, particularly women.
Abu Akleh was born on 3 April 1971 in Jerusalem to an Arab Christian family. She spent time in the United States, obtaining U.S. citizenship through members of her mother's family who lived in New Jersey.

As a child, her parents would often tell her stories of a Palestine that existed before Israel was established. This inspired her to be a voice for Palestine.

After graduating with a Bachelor's degree in Journalism from Yarmouk University in Jordan, Abu Akleh returned to Palestine.

Abu Akleh was assassinated on 11 May 2022 by an Israeli soldier. At the time of her killing she was wearing a blue Press vest and covering a israeli raid on the Jenin refugee camp in the Israeli-occupied West Bank. She was aged 51.



Jeroen Brouwers

Jeroen Godfried Marie Brouwers (30 April 1940 – 11 May 2022) was a Dutch writer. From 1964 to 1976 Brouwers worked as an editor at Manteau publishers in Brussels. In 1964, he wrote his first book. He won the Ferdinand Bordewijk Prijs in 1989 for "De zondvloed", the Constantijn Huygens Prize in 1993 for his collected works, and in 1995 the Prix Femina for International works for his book "Bezonken rood" ("Sunken Red").

Brouwers won the Libris Prize for "Cliënt E. Busken" in 2021.

Brouwers was born in Batavia, Dutch East Indies and died in Maastricht. He died from a short-illness, aged 82.

Henk Groot

Hendrik Groot (22 April 1938 – 11 May 2022) was a Dutch footballer. He played as a forward and attacking midfielder. He made 39 appearances with the Netherlands national football team from 1960 until 1969.

Dupuytren's contracture

Dupuytren's contracture (also called Dupuytren's disease, Morbus Dupuytren, Viking disease, palmar fibromatosis and Celtic hand) is a condition in which one or more fingers become permanently bent in a flexed position. It is named after Guillaume Dupuytren. It usually begins as small, hard nodules just under the skin of the palm.

Hydrocephalus

Hydrocephalus is caused by too much cerebrospinal fluid in the brain.
Which can be mistaken for brain cancer, brain dysfunction or aneurysms. This causes higher pressure inside the skull. Older people with this may have headaches, double vision, poor balance, urinary problems, personality changes, or mental impairment. In babies, it may be seen as a rapid increase in head size.

Hydrocephalus can happen as a birth defects or can also happen later in life. Other causes include meningitis, brain tumors, traumatic brain injury, or brain hemorrhage.

IND

IND or ind can mean:


Chen Meier

Chen Meier (born 10 September 1990) is a Chinese wheelchair basketball player. She is a member of the China women's national wheelchair basketball team. She won the silver medal at the 2020 Summer Paralympics.

Deng Mingzhu

Deng Mingzhu (born 10 November 1987) is a Chinese wheelchair basketball player. She is a member of the China women's national wheelchair basketball team and the Guangdong Province team. She finished 5th at the 2012 Summer Paralympics and 6th at the 2016 Summer Paralympics. She won the silver medal at the 2020 Summer Paralympics. 

She is born on 10 November 1987. Due to infantile paralysis she has a spinal cord injury. She started playing wheelchair basketball in 2007 when she was 20 years old in Guangzhou at the Guangdong Province wheelchair basketball team.

She studied computing at the Guangdong Peiying Vocational School in Guangzhou. She is married to Feng Liangzhu.

She competed at the 2010 Asian Para Games, and 2014 Asian Para Games.

Ringlet (haircut)

A ringlet is a hairstyle. They are also called princess curls or corkscrew curls. This hairstyle is made by twisting wet hair,wrapping hair around a small curling iron, or with hair rollers. People with curly hair will grow this hairstyle on their own.

Livin La Pura Vida

"Livin La Pura Vida" is the seventh episode of 31st season of The Simpsons. It was first shown on November 17, 2019. In The episode Marge becomes obsessed with getting the perfect vacation photo when the Simpson family are finally invited on the Van Houten's annual trip to Costa Rica, while Lisa becomes worried they can't afford it and Homer befriends Patty's new girlfriend, Evelyn The episodes was directed by Timothy Bailey, written by Brian Kelley and guest starred Fortune Feimster as Evelyn.

The Incredible Lightness of Being a Baby

'The Incredible Lightness of Being A Baby' is the eighteenth episode of 31st season of The Simpsons. It was first shown on April 19, 2020 and directed by Bob Anderson.

She Used to Be My Girl

"She Used to Be My Girl" is the fourth and final episode of sixteenth season of "The Simpsons". It was also the original series finale on FOX during the last episode of 2004. It was shown on December 5, 2004. This episode was directed by Matthew Nastuk and written by Tim Long. Kim Cattrall guest starred as Chloe Talbot.

Mobile Homer

"Mobile Homer" is the episode of the "The Simpsons". It was first shown on May 1, 2005.

Universal Animation Studios

Universal Animation Studios is an American animation studio and a division of Universal Pictures. Universal Pictures is a subsidiary of NBCUniversal and is owned by Comcast. Universal Animation Studios has produced direct-to-video sequels to Universal-released movies, such as "The Land Before Time", "An American Tail", "Balto", "Curious George" as well as other movies and television series.

Universal Animation Studios was established in 1990 as Universal Cartoon Studios. It was the animation division of MCA Inc. The first work by the company was "". It was announced on March 22, 1991 and was first broadcast on CBS on September 14 the same year.

In 2006, Universal Cartoon Studios was renamed to Universal Animation Studios.






The G Files

The G Files is the fifth studio album by Warren G. The album was released on September 29, 2009.

SonyLIV

Sony LIV was an OTT platform. It was launched in 2013.

Konrad Laimer

Konrad Laimer (born 27 May 1997) is an Austrian footballer. He plays as a midfielder for German club Bayern Munich and the Austria national team.

Laimer started his career with USC Abersee. 2007 he went to the youth of FC Red Bull Salzburg. After that he went to the Red Bull Salzburg Academy. 2014 he went to FC Liefering. He made his Erste Liga debut with FC Liefering at 2 May 2014 against SV Horn. He made his first team debut at 28 September 2014 against SK Rapid Wien. He came in forAlan in extra time. He scored his first goal in the cup semifinal versus FK Austria Wien on 20 April 2016.

On 30 June 2017 he went to RB Leipzig in the German Bundesliga.

On 9 June 2023, Bayern Munich announced that they had signed Laimer on a free transfer until 30 June 2027.

He played in all youth national teams from U16 to U21. With the U19 team he played in the U-19 European championship 2014 a nd the U-20 World championship 2015.

Laimer was first called in the Austria in September 2017. He made his debut on 7 June 2019 in a qualifing match for the Euro 2020 against Slovenia in the starting XI.

Division of Monash

The Division of Monash is an electoral division in Victoria.

Soul Blade

Soul Blade released in Japanese arcades as is a fighting video game developed by Project Soul and published by Namco. It was the first installment in the "Soulcalibur" series. Originaly release on Arcade in 1995, then later ported in PlayStation in December 20, 1996.

The Heart of Jennifer

The Heart of Jennifer is a 1915 American silent drama movie directed by James Kirkwood, Sr. (who also stars) and also starring Hazel Dawn, Russell Bassett, Harry C. Browne. It was distributed by Paramount Pictures. It is a lost movie.


Femtometre

The femtometre is a unit used to measure length in the metric system, represented by the symbol fm. It is equal to one quadrillionth of a meter: 10 m, or 1 m / 1,000,000,000,000,000. It is also called a fermi, named after Enrico Fermi. 1 femtometre is equal to 0.001 picometres or 1000 attometres.

1 femtometre is similar in size to a proton or neutron.

Coppergate Helmet

The Coppergate Helmet (or York Helmet) is an eighth-century Anglo-Saxon helmet found in York. It was discovered in May 1982.

The helmet is one of six Anglo-Saxon helmets which have survived to the present day. It is by far the best preserved. It is similar to the helmet found in Wollaston, Northamptonshire. Other helmets—from Benty Grange, Sutton Hoo, Shorwell, and Staffordshire—are also similar.

These "crested helmets" were used in England and Scandinavia from the sixth to eleventh centuries. This helmet is now in the collections of the Yorkshire Museum.

Amadou Haidara

Amadou Haidara (born 31 January 1998) is a Malian professional footballer. He plays as a midfielder for Bundesliga club RB Leipzig and the Mali national team.

Haidara started his career with the Malian side JMG Academy Bamako. In July 2016 he went to FC Red Bull Salzburg in Austria. He went on loan to the second league side FC Liefering. Haidara also played for the FC Red Bull Salzburg U-19 team in the UEFA Youth League. There he scored two goals versus FK Vardar.

He made his first match in the third round of the 2016–17 league versus LASK Linz. He substituted Gideon Mensah after the halftime break and scored his first goal in the 48th minute for Liefering.

During the 2017–18 season Salzburg had their best ever European campaign. They finished top of their Europa League group for the fourth before beating Real Sociedad, Borussia Dortmund and Lazio Roma. On 3 May 2018, he played in the Europa League semi-finals as Olympique de Marseille played out a 1–2 away loss but a 3–2 aggregate win to secure a place in the 2018 UEFA Europa League Final. In the quarterfinal he made a goal versus Roma.

On 22 December 2018 went to RB Leipzig. On 30 March 2019 he scored his first Bundesliga goal in a 5–0 win over Hertha BSC. In the 2019–20 season, RB Leipzig managed to reach the Champions League semi-finals.

He scored his first Champions League goal in a 3–2 win over Manchester United in the 2020–21 season on 8 December 2020.

Haidara played five matches for the Malian U17 team. Haidara made his team debut for the Mali national football team in a 2018 World Cup qualification match against Ivory Coast on 6 October 2017.

Red Bull Salzburg
Mali U17

Tiger Shark (movie)

Tiger Shark is a 1932 American romantic adventure movie directed by Howard Hawks and starring Edward G. Robinson, Richard Arlen, Zita Johann, Leila Bennett, J. Carroll Naish, Vince Bennett, Sheila Bromley, Edwin Maxwell, Henry Otho, Harry Semels. It was distributed by First National Pictures.


Aftermath (1914 movie)

Aftermath is a lost 1914 American silent drama movie based on play of the same name by William Addison Hervey. It stars Owen Moore, Virginia Pearson and was distributed by Paramount Pictures.


Hussein bin Ali, King of Hejaz

Hussein bin Ali Al-Hashimi, was the Sharif of Mecca and the one who, following the Hussein McMahon correspondace, incited the Arab revolt against the Ottoman Empire in World War l. By calling themselves Hashemites, his family claims to descend from the Prophet Banu Hashim. This lineage, along with the fact that Sharif Hussein has been the official protector of the holy sites of Mecca and Medina since 1908, legitimized him for many Arab Muslims as the natural leader of the Arabs.

Having been under Ottoman rule for a long time and serving as officials of the Ottoman government, Sharif Hussein and his sons did not participate in the Arab nationalist movement and political opposition that had emerged in Damascus, Beirut and Cairo around 1912 before the First World War. However, their position changed when the Ottoman Sultan Abdülhamit II and the CUP government began to centralize their power, narrowing down on Hussein with the Hijaz railway from Damascus to Medina, thereby threatening the autonomous power of Sharif Hussein in 1908. When war broke out, Hussein saw an opportunity to expand his influence and oppose Ottoman rule. Sharif Hussein became the leader of the Arab revolt and in the subsequent Hussein-McMahon correspondence, it was he who negotiated with the British for an independent Arab state in exchange for the Arab revolt against the Ottomans.

Clay Pigeon Shooting Association

The Clay Pigeon Shooting Association (CPSA) is the national governing body for clay pigeon shooting in England.

The organisation was founded in 1928. It is a member of the British International Clay Target Shooting Federation and is represented at the World Forum on Shooting Activities through the British Shooting Sports Council.

Its main job is to promote and encourage the development of the sport. It also works with the government to represent CPSA members, as well as organising national competitions and selecting England teams for major international events, including the Olympics.

The CPSA has about 25,000 members at all shooting levels, from farm and casual shoots through to national and International competitions.

The CPSA manages safety standards at 450 affiliated and registered grounds around the country.



National Rifle Association

A National Rifle Association (NRA) is a governing body for shooting sports in a country. The most famous NRA is the National Rifle Association of America.

In some countries, the Association is more interested in political subjects and gun rights. In other countries they are more interested with target sports and competitions. The oldest National Rifle Association is the British National Rifle Association which was founded in 1859.


Sports governing body

A sports governing body is a sports organization that has a "regulatory" or "sanctioning" function. This normally means it manages a sport, sets the rules, helps clubs and runs competitions.

Sports governing bodies come in lots of forms and can have different jobs. This can include setting the rules for the sport that they govern, and giving punishments for breaking the rules. Some governing bodies manage lots of sports at an international level, such as the International Olympic Committee and the International Paralympic Committee, or only one sport at a national level, such as the Rugby Football League. National bodies will normally work with the international bodies for the same sport.

International sports federations manage a sport (or a set of similar sports) at the highest level. These federations work to set common rules and run international competitions. They help run the events at the Olympic Games.

About 30 international sport federations are based in Switzerland, with about 20 in the Lausanne area, where the International Olympic Committee is based.
National governing bodies do the same work as an international federation, but within one country. They support local clubs and pick national teams.

National Rifle Association of New Zealand

The National Rifle Association of New Zealand (NRA) is the national governing body for Fullbore rifle shooting in New Zealand. 

The Association is the member for New Zealand at the International Confederation of Fullbore Rifle Associations (ICFRA) and takes part in ICFRA World Championships and the Commonwealth Games.

The NRA started as the New Zealand Rifle Association (NZRA) in 1878. It ran the national competition each year. The Government Volunteer Movement had run the competition since 1861 but gave it to the NZRA. By 1900 the NZRA had trouble with money because they built a new shooting range for the competition each year in a different place. The NZRA was taken over by the Defence Force and was called the New Zealand Defence Rifle Association. In 1923, the National Rifle Association was formed to separate the target shooters from the military Defence Force.


Scinax blairi

Blair's snouted tree frog ("Scinax blairi") is a frog. It lives in Colombia. Scientists have seen it as high as 200 meters above sea level. It lives on the llanos. They are grassy plains.

McMahon–Hussein Correspondence

The McMahon–Hussein correspondance was a correspondance of 10 letters during 1915 and 1916 between Sharif Hussein, the Emir of Mecca and the British High Commissioner Sir Henry McMahon. In the exchange, McMahon (in the name of the British government) promised Shairf Hussein an independent Arab state in the area of Greater Syria. In return Sharif Hussein would launch an Arab revolt against the Ottoman Empire in the context of the First World War. Despite unresolved questions concerning the precise boarders, the Arab revolt began in Mecca on 10 June 1916. It was led by one of Sharif Hussein's sons, Emir Faysal, and accompanied by T.E. Lawrence, better known as "Lawrence of Arabia", who was sent as an agent for the British.
In the war against the Ottoman Empire, the British needed the help of the Arabs. Therefore, British officials devised a plan whereby an Arab uprising against the Ottomans would separate Ottoman troops in the Middle East from German troops in Africa. This led to what is known as the Hussein-McMahon correspondence: an exchange of letters between the British High Commissioner Henry McMahon, who was stationed in Egypt, and the Sharif of Mecca, Hussein bin Ali. Sharif Hussein was considered the legitimate leader of the Arab people because of his alleged descent from the Prophet (the Hashemites) and his role as the official protector of the holy sites. In ten letters, borders within large parts of Ottoman Territory (Greater Syria) were drafted and discussed: the British promised an independent Arab territory from the Mediterranean to present-day Iraq and from the Indian Ocean to Syria.

Armenian population by country

The Armenian population in each country is described as below. 

National Rifle Association of Australia

The National Rifle Association of Australia (NRAA) is the national governing body for Fullbore rifle shooting in Australia.

The NRAA is the member for Australia at the International Confederation of Fullbore Rifle Associations (ICFRA) and takes part in ICFRA World Championships and the Commonwealth Games.

The NRAA was started in 1888. It was called the "General Council of the Rifle Associations of Australasia" and was made of groups from the different areas of Australia. These groups wanted to send an Australian team to the rifle competition at Wimbledon in the UK. Adelaide, South Australia, New South Wales, Victoria and Tasmania were the first areas of Australia to join.

The Bob's Burgers Movie

The Bob's Burgers Movie is a 2022 American musical comedy movie based on the television series "Bob's Burgers" created by Loren Bouchard, who co-wrote, co-produced and directed in his feature directorial debut with Bernard Derriman. The original voice cast of the series reprise their roles, including H. Jon Benjamin, Dan Mintz, Eugene Mirman, Larry Murphy, John Roberts, Kristen Schaal, Zach Galifianakis, and Kevin Kline.

The movie premiered at the El Capitan Theatre in Hollywood on May 17, 2022. It was released on May 27, 2022, by 20th Century Studios in the United States, after almost two years of delays due to the COVID-19 pandemic.

A ruptured water main creates a sinkhole right in front of Bob's Burgers, blocking the entrance and ruining the Belchers' plans for a successful summer. While Bob and Linda struggle to keep the business afloat, the kids try to solve a mystery that could save their family's restaurant.

List of Yoshi video games

This is a list of video games mainly featuring Yoshi.


Danilo I, Prince of Montenegro

Danilo I (25 May 1826 13 August 1860) was the prince of Montenegro from 1851 until his assassination in 1860. He was the third shortest ruling king of Montenegro.

List of rulers of Montenegro

This list shows a list of sovereigns of the country which is now Montenegro, since 1696.

VOJISLAV I (1018-1043) 
DURAD I 1362-1378



Diário da República

Diário da República is the official gazette of Portugal. The gazette is published electronically since 1 July, 2006. The gazette was called "Diário do Governo" between 1869 and 1976.


Kalush (rap group)

Kalush (stylized in all caps) is a Ukrainian music band. They make hip hop, folk and rap music. They named the group after their hometown of Kalush. 

In 2021, the group formed a project named the Kalush Orchestra to enter the competition "Vidbir 2022" (the winner of "Vidbir" represents Ukraine at Eurovision). They finished second. 

However, the winner, Alina Pash, was later disqualified from representing Ukraine in Eurovision. As runners-up, Kalush Orchestra were selected to represent Ukraine in the Eurovision Song Contest 2022 in Turin.

They won the final with the song "Stefania". They later performed it at the Eurovision Song Contest 2023.

Chanel Terrero

Chanel Terrero Martínez, (born 28 July 1991) is a Cuban-Spanish singer, dancer and theatre actress from Havana.

In 2022, she won the first edition of the Benidorm Fest, earning her the right to represent Spain in the Eurovision Song Contest 2022 in Turin. She performed the song "SloMo", placing third in the final.

Sequin (coin)

The sequin was a gold coin. It was minted and issued by the Republic of Venice from the 13th century onwards.

The design of the Venetian gold ducat, or "", was unchanged for over 500 years. It was issued from 1284 until the takeover of Venice by Napoleon in 1797. No other coin design has ever been produced for such a long time.

Altice Arena

MEO Arena (formerly Altice Arena from 2017 until February 2024) is an indoor arena in Lisbon, Portugal.

James Rolfe

James D. Rolfe (born July 10, 1980) is an American filmmaker, actor, YouTuber, and online personality.

The Black Dahlia Murder (band)

The Black Dahlia Murder is an American melodic death metal band from Waterford, Michigan, formed in 2001. They are named after the 1947 unsolved murder of Elizabeth Short, often known as Black Dahlia.

Out of the eight studio albums they have released to date, the last seven have charted on the U.S. "Billboard" 200, with their fifth album "Ritual" peaking at No. 31 in 2011.

National Parliament of Papua New Guinea

The National Parliament of Papua New Guinea is the unicameral national legislature in Papua New Guinea. It was created in 1964 as the House of Assembly of Papua and New Guinea. After the nation was given independence in 1975, it became the National Parliament.

The 111 members of parliament serve five-year terms, 89 of whom are chosen from single-member "open" electorates, which are sometimes known as "seats" but are officially known as constituencies. The remaining 22 are chosen from single-member provincial electorates: the 20 provinces, the autonomous province of Bougainville (North Solomons), and the National Capital District.

Sam Basil

Sam Basil (16 November 1969 – 11 May 2022) was a Papua New Guinean politician. He was a member of the National Parliament of Papua New Guinea from 2007 until his death in 2022. From 17 April 2019 to 13 May 2019, Basil was the Minister of Finance. At the time of his death, he was a member of the Melanesian Alliance Party. 

Basil was killed in a car accident on 11 May 2022, one day before election nominations, at the age of 52.

Juan Amat

Juan Amat Fontanals (June 10, 1946 – May 12, 2022) was a Spanish field hockey player. He won the silver medal with the Men's National Team at the 1980 Summer Olympics in Moscow. Amat was born in Terrassa, Barcelona, Spain.

Amat died on May 12, 2022 at the age of 75.

Gergely Karácsony

Gergely Szilveszter Karácsony (; born 11 June 1975) is a Hungarian politician and political scientist. He became Mayor of Budapest in 2019. He was a member of the National Assembly (MP) from 2010 to 2014 and Mayor of Zugló from 2014 to 2019.

Zugló

Zugló () is the 14th district of Budapest, the capital of Hungary.

Richard Worth

Richard Westwood Worth (3 July 1948 – 10 May 2022) was a New Zealand politician and lawyer. He was a member of the New Zealand National Party. He was the Member of Parliament for Epsom from 1999 to 2005 and a list MP from 2005 to 2009. Worth was born in Auckland, New Zealand. Worth was the Minister of Internal Affairs from 2008 until 2009 during the John Key government.

Worth died on 10 May 2022 at the age of 73.

John L. Canley

John L. Canley (February 1, 1938 – May 9, 2022) was a United States Marine and soldier. He was a recipient of the 2018 Medal of Honor for his actions during the Battle of Huế. Canley was a gunnery sergeant during the Vietnam War. Canley was born in Caledonia, Arkansas.

Canley died on May 9, 2022 in Bend, Oregon from cancer, aged 84.

Caledonia, Arkansas

Caledonia is an unincorporated community in Union County, Arkansas, United States.

Elizabeth Christine Allan-Shetter

Elizabeth Christine "Liz" Allan-Shetter (born Elizabeth Christine Reid on 24 November 1950) is an American water skier. She competed at the 1972 Summer Olympics, where waterskiing was a demonstration sport, in the three events, winning the slalom event and finishing third in the jumping event.

At the Water Ski World Championships she became an eight-time individual World Champion (1x tricks, 3x slalom, and 4x jumps) and a three-time combined champion (1965, 1969, and 1973). In 1969 she won the grand slam; where she won the combined and all three segments, the only time this has ever been accomplished at the Worlds by a man or woman (through 2018). At the she became a 42-time national champion. At the national championships. between 1962 and 1975, she always won at least two of the four titles. She also won the Masters Cup for women nine times, every time she participated. She was inducted in the American Hall of Fame in 1982.

Kaye Thurlow

Kaye Thurlow-Faulkner is an Australian water skier and writer. She competed at the 1972 Summer Olympics, where waterskiing was a demonstration sport, in the three events. She finished second in the Tricks event and in the Jump event, and finished 5th in the Slalom event. 

She competed at five Water Ski World Championships between 1967 and 1975 winning a total of eight medals; two in 1969 (bronze and silver), three in 1971 (2x silver and bronze) and three in 1975 (2x bronze and silver). 

At Moomba Masters she won a total of 24 gold medals, including eight overall titles. Thurlow became eight times overall Australian champion. In 1978 she became Victorian Sports Woman of the Year. She was inducted into the International Hall of Fame in 2009.

Thurlow married Colin Faulkner. They wrote a book on waterskiing titled "Australian Water Skiing."

Titanic 666

Titanic 666 is a supernatural movie produced by The Asylum, released on April 15, 2022 on the Tubi streaming platform for the 110th anniversary of the sinking of the Titanic, this film has received various reviews just like its predecessor (Titanic II).

A couple of influencers embark on the maiden voyage of the new "Titanic III", which takes on a macabre hue before the ghosts of the real Titanic, who are invoked to scare the passengers and crew, who would suffer the same fate as the Titanic 110 years before.



Mickey in Arabia

Mickey in Arabia is a 1932 American animated short movie from Walt Disney Productions. Columbia Pictures released the movie. This was the last cartoon in the Mickey Mouse series released by Columbia Pictures. Walt Disney plays Mickey Mouse and Marcellite Garner plays Minnie. It was the 43rd Mickey Mouse film, the seventh in 1932.



Naples, Idaho

Naples is a small unincorporated community in Boundary County, in the far north of Idaho, United States. It lies south of the city of Bonners Ferry and north of Sandpoint. 

The Ruby Ridge standoff of 1992, between federal agencies and the Randy Weaver family, took place about from the city.

It was named after the Italian city.

FIFA Player of the Century

FIFA Player of the Century was an award created by FIFA. It was only given once. The award was given to the best football player of the 20th century. The award was given to Diego Maradona and Pelé.

Gino Cappelletti

Gino Cappelletti (March 26, 1934 – May 12, 2022) was an American professional football player. He played college football at University of Minnesota. He played for the Boston Patriots from 1960 until 1970. Cappelletti is a member of the Patriots Hall of Fame. He was the Patriots' radio color commentator until July 2012. His nicknames included "The Duke" and "Mr. Patriot". Cappelletti was born in Keewatin, Minnesota.

Cappelletti died on May 12, 2022 at the age of 89.

Keewatin, Minnesota

Keewatin is a city in Itasca County, Minnesota, United States. The population was 984 at the 2020 census.

Pomona, New York

Pomona is a village partly in the town of Ramapo and partly in the town of Haverstraw in Rockland County, New York, United States.

Haverstraw, New York

Haverstraw is a town in Rockland County, New York, United States. 39,087 people lived there at the 2020 census. The name comes from the Dutch word "Haverstroo" meaning "oats straw".

Haverstraw (village), New York

Haverstraw is a village in the town of Haverstraw in Rockland County, New York, United States. 12,323 people lived here in 2020.

Barbara Franklin

Barbara Hackman Franklin (born March 19, 1940) is an American politician and businesswoman. She was the 29th United States Secretary of Commerce from 1992 to 1993 to President George H. W. Bush.

Garland, Utah

Garland is a city in northeastern Box Elder County, Utah, United States. The population was 2,589 at the 2020 census.

Lorenz Oken

Lorenz Oken (birth name: Lorenz Okenfuss; born 1 August 1779 – 11 August 1851) was a German naturalist, botanist, biologist, and ornithologist. Oken was born in what is now Offenburg, Baden; he studied natural history and medicine at Freiburg, Würzburg and later went to Göttingen.

Area code 607

Area code 607 is an area code for New York. It was created in 1954 as a split of area codes 315 and 716 for the southern portion for the Southern Tier, bordering Pennsylvania. It covers cities including but not limited to Binghamton, Cortland, Ithaca, Oneonta, and Delhi.

The Return of the Regulator

The Return of the Regulator is the fourth studio album by Warren G. The album was released on December 11, 2001.

Mock castle

A modern castle or mock castle is a house or mansion designed and built to resemble a medieval castle. These residences often have some castle features including towers, crenellations and even fake dungeons and moats sometimes. Mock castles have no serious defensive abilities, at least not at the same level as original medieval castles. The majority of modern castles were built in the 19th and 20th centuries, though they continue to be built occasionally today.

Crenellation

Crenellations or battlements are the tooth-like gaps in parapets often found on castles town walls, and fortresses.

Parapet

A parapet is a low wall, for decorative or protective purposes on the roof of a building, the sides of a bridge or the top of a defensive wall.

Boldt Castle

Boldt Castle is a gilded age mock castle in the Thousand Islands region of New York State, USA. The six-story castle assumes a Scottish Baronial style.

Thousand Islands

The Thousand Islands is an archipelago in Upstate New York. 

Salad dressing

A salad dressing is a sauce for salads.

Hamptons

The Hamptons is a posh beachfront area in Long Island, New York State. The area is primarily occupied during the summer as multimillionaire and billionaire homeowners use their mansions and luxury condominiums as vacation homes. Most houses in the Hamptons are the same style, so much so that the area has its own architectural style.

Historically, the Hamptons were full of fishing villages, then during the Gilded Age, the ultra wealthy began to move in.

DJ Envy

DJ Envy is an American disc jockey (DJ), record producer, and radio personality.


Brøndby IF

Brøndbyernes Idrætsforening short Brøndby IF is a professional association football club based in Brøndbyvester. The club was founded in 1964 when two local clubs merged (Brøndbyøster IF and Brøndbyvester IF).

Brøndby IF has won 11 Danish championships and 7 Danish Cups. Brøndby reached the semi-finals of the UEFA Cup 1990-91.


"As of 24 May 2021, Source: "


Moeen Ali

Moeen Munir Ali is an English cricket player who plays for England. Ali plays as an all-rounder. Moeen made his test debut in 2014, scored 2,914 runs in 64 Tests at an average of 28.29 and took 195 wickets with his nagging off-spin but played little test cricket since the 2019 Ashes series against Australia. He has played for Chennai Super Kings and Royal Challengers Bangalore in the Indian Premier League.

Christian Heinle

Christian Heinle (born 30 March 1985) is an Austrian football manager and former player who is currently the manager of Ried.

Heinle played for SV Grieskirchen, SV Bad Schallerbach and Union Rottenbach in lower classes in Upper Austria. After the 2020–21 season he ended his career.

In 2014–15 he started as assistant coach to his father at Union Rottenbach. He also played for the team. In 2015–16 he became playing coach of Rottenbach. In 2017–18 he became player-coach of SV Grieskirchen.

In 2020–21 he went to SV Ried and became head coach of the second team. January 2021 he became assistant coach to Miron Muslic in the first team but stayed headcoach of the second team. Also under headcoach Andreas Heraf he stayed as assistant coach. In November 2021 he became caretaker of the first team. In the winter of 2021 Robert Ibertsberger became new coach of Ried and Heinle worked as assistant coach.

In April 2022 Heinle replaced Ibertsberger as head coach.


Lautoka

Lautoka is a city in Fiji and has the second most people, after Suva. In the 2017 Census, Lautoka had 71,573 people.

Nadi

Nadi is a city in Fiji and has the third most people, after Suva and Lautoka. In the 2007 Census, Nadi had 42,284 people. In 2012, Nadi had about 50,000 people.

Labasa

Labasa is a town in Fiji. In 2007, Labasa had 27,949 people. It is the largest town on the island of Vanua Levu.

Ba, Fiji

Ba is a town in Fiji. In 1996, Ba had 14,596 people.

Lami, Fiji

Lami is a town in Fiji. In 2007, Lami had 20,529 people.

Levuka

Levuka is a town in Fiji. In 2007, Levuka had 3,226 people. It is the largest town on the island of Ovalau, having almost half of the island's people.

Nausori

Nausori is a city in Fiji. In 2017, Nausori had 57,866 people.

Savusavu

Savusavu is a town in Fiji. In 2007, Savusavu had 3,372 people.

Captain Courtesy

Captain Courtesy is a lost 1915 American silent drama movie directed by Phillips Smalley and Lois Weber. It stars Dustin Farnum, Courtenay Foote, Winifred Kingston, Herbert Standing, Jack Hoxie and was distributed by Paramount Pictures.


Arrernte people

The Arrernte people, also called the Aranda, Arrarnta, Arrernt or Arunta, are the Australian Aboriginals of the Alice Springs ("Mparntwe") area in the Northern Territory.

The Desert Storm Mixtape: Blok Party, Vol. 1

The Desert Storm Mixtape: Blok Party, Vol. 1 is the debut studio album by DJ Envy. The album was released on February 11, 2003.

Morpeth

Morpeth is a historic market town in Northumberland, North East England, lying on the River Wansbeck. Nearby towns include Ashington and Bedlington. In the 2011 census, the population of Morpeth was given as 14,017, up from 13,833 in the 2001 census.

First Intifada

The First Intifada was a large-scale rebellion by Palestinians against the military occupation of the Palestinian territories by Israel. It started in 1987 and ended in 1993. While the rebellion was put down by the Israel Defense Forces, it led to a diplomatic victory for the Palestinians by giving recognition to the State of Palestine and the Palestinian National Authority in the Oslo Accords. The First Intifada inspired the Second Intifada in 2000 and the Third Intifada in 2023.
The Palestinian unrest which led to the outbreak of the first intifada started with the Israeli settlements on Palestinian territory, forcing Palestinians to leave their land. Israeli settlements on Palestinian territory were already happening since Israel won the Six-Day War in 1967 but the Israeli government intensified these Jewish settlements and land expropriation in the 1980's. The United Nations considers Israel's settlements in Gaza Strip, the West Bank and East Jerusalem illegal. Other reasons for the Palestinian rebellion were the worsening Palestinian economy and the limited access to jobs. The widespread dissatisfaction among Palestinians living under more than twenty years of occupation and oppression by Israel and the lack of prospects for the future were also big factors that led to the first Intifada.

The first protests against Israel's occupation started in Gaza. A Israeli army car drove into a Palestinian car, killing all four occupants on 8 December 1987. That night, protests broke out in a Palestinian refugee camp during the funeral of the victims. People in the refugee camp believed the accident was set up by Israel, as a payback for the death of an Israeli man who was killed in Gaza a few days earlier. When the Israeli army killed a Palestinian man during the protests, the Palestinians became rebellious out of anger.

The protests spread to other places in the Gaza Strip and eventually made its way to the West bank. It became a Palestinian mass uprising against the occupation. Palestinians came into active resistance. This uprising was different from all Palestinian resistance before: this was a mass rebellion in which almost all domains of Palestinian society became involved. 
Quickly the resistance became efficiently organized. A party (Unified National Leadership of the Uprising: UNLU) was established which brought together all important Palestinian organizations and parties that already opposed Israel before the Intifada. Other Palestinians set up multiple sorts of "popular committees" who dealt with different parts of the organization such as food supply, medical care and social reform.

The first Intifada is often known for its nonviolent nature. The nonviolent resistance from Palestinians existed of the boycott of Israeli products, strikes and the refusal to pay taxes or other obligated payments to Israel. However, the idea that this intifada was nonviolent is not correct. The first year of the Intifada was the most violent. The Palestinian youth started throwing rocks to the Israeli security forces at the beginning of the uprising. Later, they exchanged rocks for guns, grenades and other weapons against Israeli forces. The more violence Palestinians used the more violent the Israeli responses became.
The first period of the Intifada is often divided into four phases. The first phase started immediately after the mass demonstrations on 8 December in Gaza and ended, more or less, three weeks later. This phase consisted of the sudden Palestinian demonstrations and uprisings that spread from Gaza to all of the Palestinian territories. The second phase lasted until march 1988. The Intifada became more organized in this phase: the UNLU was established, even as several of the civil committees discussed above. In the third phase, that ran from march to June 1988, the Palestinians effectively started to boycott Israeli products and taxes. During the fourth phase the resistance became even more structured and organized. This phase climaxed with the Declaration of Palestinian statehood (written by the Palestinian poet Mahmoud Darwish and proclaimed by Yasser Arafat) in November 1988.
In 1989 the Israeli authorities began to banish the committees more actively and tried to crush the resurrection by deploying "collaborators". The Israeli security forces switched to extreme violent tactics in this period. The Israeli authorities called for a policy to crush the uprising by 'force, might, beating' in 1988. Israeli soldiers beat up and tortured Palestinian demonstrators, especially young people, on immense scale. An estimated amount of 57.000 were arrested by Israel authorities during the Intifada, a huge part of them became victim of torture and violence. Israeli forces used teargas, weapons, stones, sticks and bomb explosions against Palestinians. The Israeli tactics from this period led to a peak in Palestinian violence as well.

Between 9 December 1987 and 31 December 1993 an estimated number of 1282 Palestinians died and more than 130.472 became injured during the six year period of the Intifada. The houses of 2534 Palestinians got demolished by Israeli security forces. For every three Palestinians that died, less than one Israeli was killed. Most of the Palestinians who died were killed by Israeli security forces. The Israelis who died were killed by Palestinian civilians. Most Palestinians and Israelis died within the Palestinian occupied territories including: the Gaza strip, the West Bank and East Jerusalem. However, some of the victims that fell during this period of violence died within the Green Line.

The Intifada officially ended on the 13th of September 1993, when the Declaration of Principles was signed by the PLO and Israeli government at the White House in the USA. Israel recognized the PLO as Palestinian representative for the first time. The PLO agreed to renounce terrorism as a tactic to reach their goals and both parties decided to establish a Palestinian Authority that would get more responsibility and autonomy in the occupied territories. This declaration was also the start of the Oslo accords, in which Palestine and Israel would start to discuss the many issues on autonomy, borders, refugees and Jerusalem. The Oslo accords would last until 1995.

On 13 September 1993 the PLO and the Israeli government signed the Declaration of Principles. This marks the start of the Oslo Accords. These accords were held between 1993 and 1995. More general, the Oslo Accords consisted of several agreements between the PLO and the Israeli government. The Oslo accords were considered a huge breakthrough in the peace process between Palestine and Israel. However, many criticized or fully renounced the accords from the start. The signing of the Declaration marks the official end of the First Intifada

Scinax wandae

The Villavicencio snouted tree frog ("Scinax wandae") is a frog. It lives in South America. It lives on the llanos, which are grassy plains. It lives on the low llanos in Colombia and on the high llanos in the Andes mountains in Venezuela.

Branko Elsner

Branko Elsner (23 November 1929 – 17 November 2012) was a Slovenian football manager and player. He is best known for being the manager of the Austria national team twice.

As manager he had his first success with NK Olimpija Ljubljana. Then he went to Austria and became coach of Wacker Innsbruck. As manager he won the Austrian Bundesliga twice (1972, 1975) and the Austrian Cup (1970, 1975). In 1975 and from 1985 to 1988 he was manager of the Austria national football team.

In 1982 he did a doctorate and during the 1990s he was a teacher at the University of Ljubljana.

His son Marko Elsner and grandsons Luka Elsner and Rok Elsner were professional footballers.

Josef Molzer

Josef Molzer (28 February 1906 – September 1987) was an Austrian international footballer and coach.
He started with his local club SK Admira Wien. 1926 he went to SK Rapid Wien and after half a year to FK Austria Wien. After a short time with Floridsdorfer AC he came back to Austria Wien. In the next seven seasons he won twice th Austrian Cup and the Mitropacup 1933. In November 1934 he played one of his best matches when he scored both goals versus FC Liverpool in a 2:0 win during a tour through England. 1936 he went to First Vienna FC and 1938 he retired. In 1932 he played two matches for the Austria National football team versus Sweden and Hungary.

1946 he became coach of SK Sturm Graz. He won three times the Styrian title. Then he went to Germany where he became coach of Westfalia Herne and then TSV 1860 Munich. After that he was coach of the Austrian national football team. He could qualifie for the 1958 FIFA World Cup. 1960 he became coach of First Vienna FC.

Thibaud Gaudin

Thibaud Gaudin (1229 - 16 April 1292) was Grandmaster of the Knights Templar from 1291 until 16 April 1292.

Hungarians in Slovakia

Hungarians are the biggest minority group in Slovakia. According to the 2021 Slovak census, 422,065 people said they’re Hungarian, while 462,175 said that Hungarian was their native language.

Guillaume de Beaujeu

Guillaume de Beaujeu (1230 - May 1291) was Grandmaster of the Knights Templar from 1273 until 1291.

Árpád Feszty

Árpád Feszty (; 21 December 1856 – 1 June 1914) was a Hungarian painter. He is known for painting the "Arrival of the Hungarians" in 1894.

Mohamed bin Zayed Al Nahyan

Sheikh Mohamed bin Zayed bin Sultan Al Nahyan (; born 11 March 1961), also known by his initials as MBZ, is the 3rd President of the United Arab Emirates and the Crown Prince of the Emirate of Abu Dhabi since 2022.

He was the Deputy Supreme Commander of the United Arab Emirates Armed Forces. He is seen as the main figure in the country's foreign policy and is a leader of a campaign against Islamist movements in the Arab World. His half-brother, Khalifa bin Zayed Al Nahyan, was the President of the United Arab Emirates.

Arrival of the Hungarians

The Arrival of the Hungarians () is a large cyclorama painting made mainly by Hungarian painter Árpád Feszty showing the beginning of the Hungarian conquest of the Carpathian Basin in 895. The painting was completed in 1894 for the 1000th anniversary of the event. 

Dominique Lecourt

Dominique Lecourt (; 5 February 1944 – 1 May 2022) was a French philosopher. He was known for his work creating an interpretation of the philosophy of science of Gaston Bachelard. He was honored with the National Order of the Legion of Honour. He was a professor at the Université Paris Diderot-Paris 7.

Ursula Braun-Moser

Ursula Braun-Moser (25 May 1937 – 2 May 2022) was a German politician. She was a member of the Christian Democratic Union of Germany, Alternative for Germany, and later the Liberal Conservative Reformers. She was in the European Parliament from 1984 to 1989 and again from 1990 to 1994. She was born in Frankfurt, Germany.

Braun-Moser died in Bad Vilbel, Germany on 2 May 2022 at the age of 84.

Marian van der Meer

Marie Anne "Marian" van der Meer (18 May 1936 – 6 May 2022) was a Dutch politician. She was a member of the Labour Party. She was in the Provincial States of North Holland from 1970 to 1982, and in the Senate from 1983 to 1995. She was born in Hengelo, Netherlands.

Meer died in Amsterdam on 6 May 2022 at the age of 85.

Fred Ward

Freddie Joe Ward (December 30, 1942 – May 8, 2022) was an American actor and producer. He was known for his roles in "Escape from Alcatraz", "Southern Comfort", "The Right Stuff", "", "Tremors" and "", "Henry & June", "The Player", "Swing Shift" and "Short Cuts".

Ward died on May 8, 2022 in Los Angeles, California at aged 79.

Titanic, Oklahoma

Titanic is a Census-designated place in Adair County, Oklahoma, United States. It had a population of 356 inhabitants in 2010, its name is probably due to the name of the British ocean liner RMS "Titanic".

Francesco Nucara

Francesco Nucara (3 April 1940 – 12 May 2022) was an Italian politician. He was born in Reggio Calabria, Italy. He was a member of the Italian Republican Party. Nucara was the Chamber of Deputies from 1983 until 1994 and again from 2006 until 2013.

Nucara died on 12 May 2022 in Rome, Italy at the age of 82.

Giorgio Pasetto

Giorgio Pasetto (4 July 1941 – 12 May 2022) was an Italian politician. He was member of Christian Democracy, the Italian People's Party, and Democracy is Freedom – The Daisy. He was President of Lazio from 1992 to 1994, was a member of the Chamber of Deputies from 1996 to 2006, and a Senator from 2006 to 2008. He was born in Nettuno, Italy.

Pasetto died in Rome, Italy on 12 May 2022 at the age of 80.

Nettuno

Nettuno is a town and "comune" of the Metropolitan City of Rome in the Lazio region of central Italy. It is south of Rome. 


Maria Pańczyk-Pozdziej

Maria Pańczyk-Pozdziej (10 January 1942 – 12 May 2022) was a Polish politician and journalist. She was a member of the Civic Platform. She was in the Senate of Poland from 2005 to 2019. Pańczyk-Pozdziej was born in Tarnowskie Góry, General Government, Germany.

Pańczyk-Pozdziej died on 12 May 2022 at the age of 80.

Karim Djoudi

Karim Djoudi (; 13 July 1958 – 13 May 2022) was Algerian politician. He was born in Montpellier, France. He was the Minister of Finance of Algeria from June 2007 to May 2014. In 2011 Djoudi froze the assets of Muammar Gaddafi in Algeria.

Djoudi died on 13 May 2022 at the age of 63.

Teresa Berganza

Teresa Berganza Vargas (16 March 1933 – 13 May 2022) was a Spanish mezzo-soprano. She was known for her roles as Rossini's Rosina and La Cenerentola, and Bizet's Carmen. 

She appeared as Zerlina in Joseph Losey's "Don Giovanni" movie in 1979. She took part in the opening ceremonies of Expo '92 in Seville and the opening ceremonies of the 1992 Summer Olympics in Barcelona.

Berganza died on 13 May 2022 in San Lorenzo de El Escorial, Spain at the age of 89.

San Lorenzo de El Escorial

San Lorenzo de El Escorial, also known as El Escorial de Arriba, is a town and municipality in the Community of Madrid, Spain. It is from Madrid.

Itami


From Japanese census data,


Birkirkara

Birkirkara is a city in the central region of Malta. It is the second most populous city, with 24,356 people living there in 2020.

Birkirkara is twinned with:


Economic inequality

Economic inequality is the disparities in people's incomes and wealth. It affects standard of living for different socioeconomic classes in a given country, as how high one's income is often dictates what they can eat and how often they can eat, what type of dwelling they can live in (to the point of becoming homeless sometimes), quality of medical care etc. Government policies to alleviate such inequality, especially by alleviating poverty, or at least trying to alleviate it, can include universal healthcare, welfare, universal basic income, increasing or decreasing business regulations, etc.

Income inequality is when some people get far more income than other people. As of 2018, the countries of Scandinavia in northern Europe have some of the lowest levels of income inequality. Incomes are more unequal in the United States and even more so in the countries of southern Africa.

Both wealth and income inequality can be measured by the Gini coefficient.


American Action Network

The American Action Network is a center-right non-profit organization aligned to the Republican Party. The organization is a think tank and an advocacy group.

Friends of the Earth

Friends of the Earth is an international network environmentalist organizations in 73 countries. Affiliated organizations include Greenpeace and Sierra Club.


Sierra Club

Sierra Club is an environmentalist organization with Greenpeace and Friends of the Earth among others.


Nursing home

A nursing home is a long term hospital for those too sick and or frail to take care of themselves. These facilities are for those who need intensive hospital-like care for longer than the typical recovery hospital stay. Nursing homes are primarily geared towards older people or senior citizens and 3 to 5 months is the average length of stay. Nursing homes provide more intensive care than most typical assisted living facilities.

Elder abuse happens more in nursing homes than elsewhere.

Poorhouse

A poorhouse, alms house or poor farm was a facility that offered meals and living accommodation for people too poor to live on their own. Residents were often required to do manual labor to earn their keep and generally had few rights at all. These facilities were in existence and operation primarily from the medieval period to the early 20th century, after which point societal welfare programs and homeless shelters largely replaced them.

See also Workhouse

Life extension

Life extension (also indefinite life extension or biological immortality) is the catch-all term for drastically increasing people's lifespans by halting or reversing aging. Because aging has multiple causes and symptoms, any successful indefinite life extension program would have to include multiple medications, supplement pills, therapies and other procedures. It could even include molecular nanobots to repair damage brought on by aging. This life expectancy extension is currently impossible but futurists say such procedures, therapies, etc should be available in the 2030s or 2040s.

Anti-aging

Anti-aging can refer to something like a lotion or cream designed to make someone look younger.

The term anti-aging can also mean the currently theoretical technologies and medical procedures that result is life extension by halting or reversing aging.

I Want It All

I Want It All is the third studio album by Warren G. The album was released on October 12, 1999.

Helicopter shot

The helicopter shot is an unorthodox cricket shot by hitting the ball of a wristy flick, using the bottom-hand as the dominant force, shot which can hit a yorker for a six. This shot was introduced by former captain of the Indian national cricket team, MS Dhoni.

International Mathematical Congress

The 1893 International Mathematical Congress was an event that came before the International Congress of Mathematicians. It took place from August 21 to August 26, 1893 in Chicago. It was held in connection with the World's Columbian Exposition.

It is not considered part of the International Congress of Mathematicians because 41 of the 45 participants were from the United States. The mathematician Felix Klein brought articles by German, French, Austrian, Italian, and Swiss mathematicians for publication in the "Proceedings of Congress".

Felix Klein delivered the opening speech at the International Mathematical Congress. The speech was called "The Present State of Mathematics". It contained a "manifesto" for future international cooperation mathematicians.

Klein was a strong believer in international collaboration in mathematics. Georg Cantor, whose efforts led to the founding of the German Mathematical Society, believed in the same. Their goals were the same, but they were both motivated by different personal reasons. Cantor felt that his close colleagues were unfairly criticizing his work, so he wanted a bigger platform to promote his ideas. Klein had strong ideas about math education and math research, and he was a great organizer who wanted to see his ideas on a bigger stage.

1983–85 North American drought

A severe and very intense drought developed across North America during mid-spring 1983. It had several strong heat waves across large sections of the United States and southern Canada. The intense heat spells and conditions of drought lasted until Autumn 1985. Several places (the Quad Cities, St. Louis, Kansas City and Cedar Rapids being some of them) recorded their all time highest temperature in these areas.

The North American Drought of 1983–85 might have begun in April 1983. Dry conditions severely affected a number of states across the Midwest and the Great Plains. Many states also experienced a heat wave in the summer months of the first drought year. Temperatures were or higher in multiple areas. Later in 1983 and the two following years, dry conditions began affecting south-central Canada as well, particularly Alberta, Manitoba and Saskatchewan. The drought may have been caused under a weak-to-moderate La Niña. That spell may have developed during the mid-spring of 1983.

Almost all the counties in the State of Indiana and large sections in Illinois were given a drought disaster declaration because of dangerous heat spells. Very dry conditions were also present alongside the heat. In Kentucky, the Drought of 1983 was second to worst in the 20th century. A large number of trees and shrubs became dormant during the drought and heat.

From 1983 to 1985 dry conditions also affected parts of the Middle Atlantic. The drought during those two plus years affected Pennsylvania, Maryland, New Jersey, parts of New England and eastern New York State.

In parts of south-central Canada between spring 1983 to early Autumn 1985, drought led to poor crops. That was mainly in Alberta, Manitoba and several regions of Saskatchewan. June 1983 was somewhat wet for these areas. In July it was almost the opposite. August, Autumn and the following two years were also mainly hot and dry in the same areas.

Very intense heat waves affected large areas of the United States from Spring 1983 to mid-Autumn 1985. Missouri, Illinois and Kentucky were hit by severe heat. The heat and dryness also stretched across the Southeastern and Mid Atlantic areas. They included Newark, New Jersey, Philadelphia and New York City. Other affected states were Nebraska, Iowa, Wisconsin, Minnesota and Kansas. There were 500 to 700 deaths due to the heat.

Scinax sugillatus

The Quevedo snouted tree frog ("Scinax sugillatus") is a frog. It lives in Ecuador and Colombia on the Pacific (western) side of the mountains. Scientists have seen it as high as 500 meters above sea level.

The adult male frog is about 39.9 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is 45.5 mm long. This frog is brown on the back and whitish on the belly. It has black coloring on its middle with stripes. The stripes are bright blue and bright green.

The Latin name of this frog means "blue and black."

María Elena Durazo

María Elena Durazo (born March 20, 1953) is a Mexican-American politician. She is a California State Senator. She represents people living in Central Los Angeles and East Los Angeles. That is the 24th State Senate district. She was a labor organizer. She was the first female leader of the Los Angeles County Labor Federation. Durazo is a member of the Democratic Party. 

Durazo was born in 1953. Her family traveled between California and Oregon harvesting crops. Her parents had eleven children. She was the seventh child in the family. She graduated from St. Mary's College in 1975. After several years of working, Durazo completed a law degree from the People's College of Law.

At college she got involved in the Chicano Movement.

In 1983 Durazo started work as an organizer for the Hotel Employees and Restaurant Employees Union (UNITE HERE). It was called the International Ladies Garment Workers Union at that time. 

In the 1980s the union leaders were trying to decide if they wanted to help immigrants who were taking jobs in the Unite States. Some union leaders thought that immigration was bad for older union members. Durazo did not want national union organizations to make all the decisions for people in Los Angeles. Many of the workers in Los Angeles were immigrants. Durazo fought for local union chapters to have some independent power. 

In 1989, Durazo was elected President of her local HERE chapter, Local 11. During that time, she was became a member of the Executive Board of HERE International Union. In 2004 she was elected the Executive Vice President of UNITE-HERE International. She was also the National Director of the Immigrant Workers' Freedom Ride (2003), was on the National AFL-CIO's Immigration Committee (2000-2004), and continues to be a Chair of National AFL-CIO's Immigration Committee.

She was the treasurer of the Los Angeles County Labor Federation, AFL-CIO, from 2006-2014. She was appointed to the job when the serving head resigned because he was caught cheating in the elections. However, she was reelected as President in 2010. Durazo continues to serve as the Executive Vice President of the governing Executive Council of the national AFL-CIO.

Los Angeles Mayors Tom Bradley, Richard Riordan, and Antonio Villaraigosa all appointed Durazo to city commissions. She served as a vice chair for the Democratic National Committee (DNC). Durazo was a co-chair for both of President Barack Obama's presidential campaigns.

Durazo was elected to the State Senate in 2018. She is the chair of the Latino Legislative Caucus.

In 1987 she married Miguel Contreras. He was also a labor organizer.

Law of Ukraine &quot;To ensure the functioning of the Ukrainian language as the State language&quot;

The law of Ukraine "To ensure the functioning of the Ukrainian language as a state language" (in Ukrainian : "Закон України «Про забезпечення функціонування української мови як державної»") is a law approved by the Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine on April 25, 2019, and which took full effect on July 16 of the same year. 
The law was passed by 278 votes of the People's Deputies. 38 voted against, 7 abstained, 25 didn't vote. It was signed by Parliament President (speaker) Andriy Parubiy and Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko.
Before this law, Ukrainian language was regulated by the "On Principles of State Language Policy" (so-called "Kivalov-Kolesnichenko Law"). After the Maidan's Revolution (in Ukrainian ": Революції Гідності", "Dignity Revolution" or "Revolution of Dignity"), an attempt was made to repeal it, but the then President of Parliament did not sign the Council's decision, citing the need to draft a new law first. The Kivalov-Kolesnichenko law was declared unconstitutional and, to replace it, the bill 5670-d was prepared and approved in the first reading in Autumn 2018. Public activists and experts participated in drafting the law. The new law awards the status of the Ukrainian language as the only state language in Ukraine. 

According to some, the end of the Kivalov-Kolesnichenko law caused a crackdown on Russian-speaking regions (Odessa, Dnipropetrovsk, Kharkov, Luhansk and Donetsk ) that led to attacks to the Russian population.

The law provides for the creation of the following institutions:



Kirghiz Soviet Socialist Republic

The Kirghiz Soviet Socialist Republic (Kirghiz SSR; Kyrgyz: Кыргыз Советтик Социалисттик Республикасы, romanized: Kyrgyz Sovettik Sotsialisttik Respublikasy; Russian: Киргизская Советская Социалистическая Республика, romanized: Kirgizskaya Sovetskaya Sotsialisticheskaya Respublika), also commonly known as the Kyrgyzstan and Soviet Kyrgyzstan (Kyrgyz: Кыргызстан, Советтик Кыргызстан, romanized: Kyrgyzstan, Sovettik Kyrgyzstan) in the Kyrgyz language and as Kirghizia and Soviet Kirghizia (Russian: Киргизия, Советская Киргизия, romanized: Kirgiziya, Sovetskaya Kirgiziya) in the Russian language, was one of the constituent republics of the Soviet Union (USSR) from 1936 to 1991.

Citations

Harold Jones (murderer)

Harold Jones (11 January 1906 – 1971) was a British child murderer who killed two preadolescent girls in Monmouthshire, Wales, in 1921, when he was aged 15.

He was believed to be the London serial killer Jack the Stripper.

Presbyterian Senior High School, Osu

The Presbyterian Secondary School, Osu was made in 1956 in one of the Old Basel Missionary Buildings at the foot of Kuku Hill of Osu. 
The motives of establishing the school are:


Grampy Can Ya Hear Me

Grampy Can Ya Hear Me is the fifth episode of The Simpsons (season 29), the six-hundred and twenty-third episode overall.

It originally aired on November 5 2017 The episode was written by Bill Odenkirk and directed by Bob Anderson.

Bra, Piedmont

Bra is an Italian city in Piedmont. It is in the Province of Cuneo. About 29,800 people live there.

Schwäbisch Gmünd

Schwäbisch Gmünd is a town in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.

About 60,000 people live there. It is the second-largest town in the Ostalbkreis, after Aalen.

Canteleu

Canteleu is a commune. It is in Normandy in the Seine-Maritime department in northwest France.

Bodie, California

Bodie is a ghost town located in California. There were 11 people living there in a 2020 census.

Lake City

Lake City may refer to:

Lake City, as a city nickname, may also refer to any of the following cities:


Centerville, California

Centerville may refer to:


Groton City, New York

Groton is a town in Tompkins County, New York, United States.

Ron Jones

Ron Jones (born July 7, 1954 in Kansas City, Kansas) is an American songwriter & composer known for writing music for television shows such as Star Trek: The Next Generation, Duck Tales, American Dad! and Family Guy.

2022 Buffalo shooting

On May 14, 2022, a mass shooting took place in Buffalo, New York, United States, at a Tops Friendly Markets store, a supermarket in the East Side neighborhood. Ten black people were killed and three others were injured.

The FBI says the attack was a racist hate crime because eleven of the people injured were black while the shooter is white. A suspect was arrested by the police. The white suspect was identified as Payton S. Gendron. He is believed to be a white supremacist.

Mountain tapir

The mountain tapir, also known as the Andean tapir or woolly tapir, is the smallest of the four widely recognized species of tapir. It is the only one to live outside of tropical rainforests in the wild. It is most easily distinguished from other tapirs by its thick woolly coat and white lips.

Alan Smart

Alan Smart (born October 10, 1963) best known for his work as the supervising director on SpongeBob SquarePants, which he has been involved with since the horror and series, and as assistant director and layout artist on The Simpsons (he also received credit as a director in the season three and twenty-second episode, "Flaming Moe's<br>500 Keys").

He has done animation for the Nicktoons CatDog, Hey Arnold, Rocko's Modern Life, Ren and Stimpy and FOX TV Shows King of the Hill director in 2001 Chasing Bobby season 5 episode 9 and The Simpsons director in 2011 episode 500 Keys

The Simpsons episodes directors (1991-2011) November 21, 1991
Bobby World episodes

Stefania (song)

"Stefania" (, ) is a 2022 song by Ukrainian folk-rap group Kalush Orchestra. 

The song represented Ukraine at the Eurovision Song Contest 2022. It is the third song sung entirely in Ukrainian to represent the country at Eurovision, but the second to actually compete at the contest. 

It won the Eurovision Song Contest 2022 with 631 points, making it the first rap song to win the contest.

Henry Coke Morgan Jr.

Henry Coke Morgan Jr. (February 8, 1935 – May 1, 2022) was an American politician and lawyer. He was the United States District Judge of the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Virginia from 1992 until his death. Morgan Jr. was born in Norfolk, Virginia. In 1991, he was nominated to the court by President George H. W. Bush.

Morgan Jr. died on May 1, 2022 in Virginia Beach, Virginia at the age of 87.

Egidio Alagna

Egidio Alagna (31 October 1935 – 3 May 2022) was an Italian politician and lawyer. He was a member of the Italian Socialist Party. He was in the Chamber of Deputies from 1983 to 1992. He was born in Marsala, Italy. 

Alagna died in Palermo, Italy on 3 May 2022 at the age of 86.

Lil Keed

Raqhid Jevon Render (March 16, 1998 – May 13, 2022), known professionally as Lil Keed, was an American rapper. He was signed to Young Thug's record label YSL Records. His song "Nameless" reached number 42 on the "Billboard" Hip Hop/R&B Songs Airplay chart.

Render died on May 13, 2022 at the age of 24.


Andrei Babushkin

Andrei Vladimirovich Babushkin (; 28 January 1964 – 14 May 2022) was a Russian publicist, politician, sociologist and human rights activist. He was a member of Yabloko. He was on the Presidential Council for Civil Society and Human Rights from 2012 to 2022. He was born in Moscow Oblast, Soviet Union.

Babushkin died of pancreatitis in Moscow, Russia on 14 May 2022 at the age of 58.


Bernard Bigot

Bernard Bigot (24 January 1950 – 14 May 2022) was a French academic and civil servant. He was the Director-General of the ITER organization from 2015 until his death. He was the president of the École normale supérieure de Lyon, and director of the French Commission for Atomic Energy. Bigot was born in Blois, France.

Bigot died on 14 May 2022 at the age of 72.

Valerio Onida

Valerio Onida (30 March 1936 – 14 May 2022) was an Italian jurist, politician and constitutional law professor. He was the Judge of the Constitutional Court of Italy from 1996 until 2005 and President of the Court from September 2004 to January 2005. Onida was born in Milan, Italy.

Onida died on 14 May 2022 in Milan at the age of 86.

Maxi Rolón

Maximiliano 'Maxi' Brian Rolón (19 January 1995 – 14 May 2022) was an Argentine professional footballer. He played as a left winger. Rolón was born in Rosario, Argentina. He played for the Argentina U20 team from 2014 until 2015 and made seven appearances. He played for FC Barcelona B twenty-four times from 2014 until 2016.

Rolón was killed in a car crash on 14 May 2022 in Casilda, Argentina at the age of 27.


Casilda

Casilda is a city in the province of Santa Fe, Argentina. 35,058 people lived here in 2010.



Uri Savir

Uri Savir (; 7 January 1953 – 14 May 2022) was an Israeli politician and diplomat. He was born in Jerusalem, Israel. He was a member of the Centre Party and New Way. From 1999 to 2001, he was a member of the Knesset. From 2001 until 2005, he was the Ambassador to Eritrea. He was the chief negotiator of the Oslo Accords.

Savir died on 14 May 2022 at the age of 69.

David West (baseball)

David Lee West (September 1, 1964 – May 14, 2022), was an American professional baseball player. He was born in Memphis, Tennessee. West played for the Major League Baseball from 1988 until 1998. He played for the New York Mets, Minnesota Twins, Philadelphia Phillies and Boston Red Sox. 

West died on May 14, 2022 from glioblastoma at the age of 57.

Summer Lee

Summer L. Lee (born November 26, 1987) is an American community organizer and Democratic politician who is a member of the United States House of Representatives from Pennsylvania's 18th congressional district since 2023. She was a member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives for the 34th district from 2019 to 2022. Lee is the first black woman to represent Southwestern Pennsylvania in the state legislature.

In October 2021, Lee announced her candidacy for the United States House of Representatives for the 18th congressional district. In February 2022, Lee announced that she would run in the newly-redrawn 12th congressional district. She won the Democratic nomination in May 2022. She won the general election in November 2022.

Lee born in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania and was raised in North Braddock, Pennsylvania. She graduated from Pennsylvania State University in 2009 and from the Howard University School of Law in 2015. She campaigned for Bernie Sanders in the 2016 Democratic primaries after graduating.

North Braddock, Pennsylvania

North Braddock is a borough in Allegheny County, Pennsylvania, United States. The 2020 census had the borough population at 4,320.

Mechanicsburg, Pennsylvania

Mechanicsburg is a borough in Cumberland County, Pennsylvania, United States. It is 8 miles (13 km) west of Harrisburg. It is part of the Harrisburg–Carlisle metropolitan statistical area. As of the 2020 census it had a population of 9,311. 

SV Seekirchen

SV Seekirchen is a football club from Seekirchen, a city in Salzburg. The club is playing in Regionalliga Salzburg, the 3rd level of Austrian soccer.

The club was founded 1945 as Union Seekirchen and started playing in the leaguesystem in 1946. 1997 they reached the Regionalliga (3rd level) for the first time.


SV Seekirchen is known for developing young players. 

Republic of Croatia (1990–1991)

The Republic of Croatia was a republic within the Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia in 1990 and 1991. The creation of a republic based on democracy occurred in 1990 when elections were held. Franjo Tuđman was elected President of Croatia that year. He promised independence if reforms were not introduced. While generally heading towards independence, the government attempted negotiations with the Serbian government one last time: the idea was to create a confederal Yugoslavia where Croatia and other republics would be autonomous and powers would be decentralized. This was not accepted.
From 1990 to 1991, Croatia faced political crisis within Yugoslavia as Serb-populated areas attempted to form an enclave called Serbian Krajina which intended to separate from Croatia if Croatia itself attempted to separate. The Serb leadership in Krajina refused to recognize the government of the Republic of Croatia as having sovereignty over them. The crisis began with the Log Revolution as Croatian Serbs cut down trees which they used to block roads. This hampered Croatian tourism and caused alarm in the province of Dalmatia as Croatia was hosting the 1990 European Athletics Championships in Split.
Croatia's status as a constituent republic ended in 1991. In a referendum on independence, a majority of Croatians wanted independence from Yugoslavia (93% of the total number of votes). Serb-controlled areas of Croatia became part of the unrecognized Republic of Serbian Krajina, which would not be under Croatian control until 1995. Its main part was liberated by Croatian forces in 1995 (Operation Storm); a part remained in eastern Slavonia under United Nations (UN) administration until its peaceful reincorporation into Croatia in 1998.


Federal State of Croatia

Federal State of Croatia ("Federalna Država Hrvatska" in Croatian) was proclaimed on May 9 1944 (3rd session of ZAVNOH). It changed its name to People's Republic of Croatia ("Narodna Republika Hrvatska" in Croatian) on November 29 1945. 

Dubrovnik Republic (1991)

The Dubrovnik Republic () was a Serb proto-state during the Siege of Dubrovnik in the Croatian War of Independence. It was self proclaimed by the Yugoslav People's Army on 15 October 1991, in occupied areas of Croatia, after being captured by members of 2nd Corps of the Yugoslav People's Army (JNA). Its provisional president was Aleksandar Aco Apolonio. 
The territory did not correspond to the pre-1808 Republic of Ragusa borders, stretching from Neum (Bosnia and Herzegovina's only coastal town) to Prevlaka (on Croatia's maritime border with Montenegro). They only existed in the occupied villages Cavtat and Konavle. The International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia (ICTY) during the trial of Serbian President Slobodan Milošević, identified the Dubrovnik Republic as being part of several regions in Croatia that Milošević sought to be incorporated into a "Serb-dominated state". The ICTY said that the JNA's campaign in the Dubrovnik region was aimed at securing territory for this entity.

Supernoobs

Supernoobs is a Canadian animated series produced by WildBrain Studios for Cartoon Network in the U.S, U.K and worldwide, Teletoon (Season 1 only) and following by Season 2, the show started airing on Family Channel and was created by Scott Fellows who also created Johnny Test. It first aired in the U.K and Ireland on November 2, 2015 before airing in the U.S on December 7, 2015. The show follows 4 middle school kids who get battleballs and now have to fight the virus. 


Bang Bros

Bang Bros (stylized BangBros) is a pornographic film studio in Miami, Florida, United States.


Republic of Ragusa

The Republic of Ragusa (; ; ; ; ) was an Italian trading republic. Its capital was in Dubrovnik, Croatia. It existed from the 14th century to the 19th century, when it was conquered by Napoleon

Johann Georg Pisendel

Johann Georg Pisendel (5 January 1688 – 25 November 1755) was a German composer and violinist. 

Pisendel was born in Cadolzburg. His father, Simon, was a cantor and organist. He became a choir singer in Ansbach when he was ten years old. He learned to play the violin with Giuseppe Torelli.

He went to Leipzig to study the law. He met Johann Sebastian Bach in Weimar. In 1712, he became a violinist in the Dresden court. He went to Venice in 1716. He studied with Antonio Vivaldi. They became good friends. He returned to Dresden in 1717. He became the "Konzertmeister" of Dresden's court orchestra in 1728. 

In 1755, he died in Dresden. People thought he was one of the greatest violinists. Many composers, such as Vivaldi, Telemann and Albinoni wrote music for him.

Darul Islam (Indonesia)

Darul Islam (meaning "House of Islam" ), also known as Darul Islam/Islamic Armed Forces of Indonesia (, DI/TII) was an Islamist group in Indonesia. They fought for the establishment of an Islamic state of Indonesia. 
It was established in 1942 by a group of Muslim militias. The group recognised only "Shari'a" as a valid source of law. The movement has produced splinters and offshoots that range from Jemaah Islamiyah to non-violent religious groups.



Andreas Ibertsberger

Andreas Ibertsberger (born 27 July 1982) was an Austrian professional footballer. He played as a left-back. He was a member of the Austria national team. Ibertsberger is a younger brother of former national team player Robert Ibertsberger.

He started his career with his local club SV Seekirchen. Then he went on to SV Austria Salzburg. In January 2005 he went on to SC Freiburg. In January 2008 he moved to 1899 Hoffenheim. With Hoffenheim he was promoted to the German Bundesliga.

On 15 May 2012 the contract expired. He had missed most matches of the 2011–12 season with a chronic back problem. 2013 he went to MSV Duisburg in the 2.League. After this he ended his career.

Ibertsberger made his debut for Austria in an October 2004 World Cup qualification match against Northern Ireland.

He started as assistance coach for the second team of TSG Hoffenheim. Then he went on to Eintracht Frankfurt, where he is assistance coach of the U19 team.


Chechen Republic of Ichkeria

The Chechen Republic of Ichkeria (; ; ; shortened to "ChRI" or "CRI") was a country that declared independence from Russia and controlled most of the former Checheno-Ingush ASSR from 1991 to 2000. It became a part of Russia during the Second Chechen War.

Guangxu Emperor

Emperor Guangxu (14 August 1871 – 14 November 1908), personal name Zaitian, was the tenth Emperor of the Qing dynasty, and the ninth Qing emperor to rule over China proper. His reign lasted from 1875 to 1908, but in practice he ruled, without Empress Dowager Cixi's influence, only from 1889 to 1898. He initiated the Hundred Days' Reform, but was abruptly stopped when the empress dowager launched a coup in 1898, after which he became powerless and was held under house arrest until his death. His era name, "Guangxu", means "glorious succession". He was involved in the First Sino-Japanese War from 1894-1895,and the Boxer Rebellion from 1899-1901 .

Checheno-Ingush Autonomous Soviet Socialist Republic

The Checheno-Ingush Autonomous Soviet Socialist Republic (Checheno-Ingush ASSR) was an autonomous republic within the Russian Soviet Federative Socialist Republic. They existed from 1936 to 1944 and again from 1957 to 1992. Its capital was Grozny.
As of the 1979 census, the territory had an area of and a population of 611,405 being Chechens, 134,744 Ingush, and the rest being Russians and other ethnic groups.

Plant colour

Plant colors are very noticeable, especially in flowering plants, and especially the color green. Plants are green because it is a functional color. They photosynthesise, and the chlorophyll they use happens to be green. However, flowering plants show many other colors. Blue is quite rare, though bluebells are a famous exception. Apparently the color is difficult to make by the usual plant biochemistry. It is also rare in animals, so if it is difficult for plants to make, presumably it is difficult for animals to make.

Color can be made in two ways. There are pigments which show a particular color, and there are structural colors.

Plant pigments make the plants show colors. The main pigments are:

There are also structural colors, although they are less common. They are caused by reflecting iridescent color from a multi-layered surface. Butterfly wings are a typical example.

Some particular types of animals and plants have evolved color systems which are unique. 

In the course of evolution, many other colorful molecules have been used by plants and animals. In bacteria, dinoflagellates and fungi, for instance, many other color-causing compounds have been used. Sometimes the color is just incidental, and sometimes it has a function on the life of the organism.

At first, no animals existed which could see colors. At that stage, colors on plants, etc. were incidental by-products of their physiology. The evolution of color vision undoubtedly had an effect on the colors of plants and animals, but we have little evidence of this early stage. We know from the plants and animals of today that color vision is very important.


Eurovision Song Contest 2023

The Eurovision Song Contest 2023 was the 67th edition of the Eurovision Song Contest. The competition was held in Liverpool, United Kingdom. 

Thirty-seven countries took part overall. The winner was Loreen, representing Sweden with the song "Tattoo". This is the second time she has won the contest. She first won in 2012. 

Ukraine won the 2022 contest, represented by Kalush Orchestra, but it was unable to host the competition due to the Russian invasion of Ukraine. For this reason, the UK hosted the contest as they were the runners-up in 2022. 

The contest was held at the Liverpool Arena. There were two semi-finals on 9 and 11 May, and the final on 13 May 2023. In total, 37 countries competed. The two semi-finals were hosted by Hannah Waddingham, Julia Sanina and Alesha Dixon, who all returned to host the final alongside Graham Norton. 


As per the rules of Eurovision, the Grand Final will consist of 26 countries. These include the previous winning country (Ukraine), the Big Five countries (France, Germany, Italy, Spain and the United Kingdom) and ten countries from each semi-final.

The first semi-final took place on 9 May 2023 at 20:00 BST (21:00 CEST). Fifteen countries participated in the first semi-final, from which ten qualified for the final. Those countries plus France, Germany and Italy, as well as countries not participating in the contest under a combined "Rest of the World" vote, voted in this semi-final. The ten countries with the most votes qualified.

The first semi-final took place on 11 May 2023 at 20:00 BST (21:00 CEST). Sixteen countries participated in the second semi-final, from which ten qualified for the final. The semi-final countries plus Spain, Ukraine and United Kingdom, as well as countries not participating in the contest under a combined "Rest of the World" vote, voted in this semi-final. The ten countries with the most votes qualified. 

The final took place on 13 May 2023 at 20:00 BST (21:00 CEST). Twenty-six countries participated in the final. These were the twenty countries that passed the semi-finals, and six other countries: the Big Five (France, Spain, Italy, Germany and the United Kingdom) and previous winner Ukraine. 
The winner was Sweden with the song "Tattoo". It was performed by Loreen, who had already won Eurovision 2012 with the song "Euphoria". "Tattoo" was written by Loreen along with Jimmy "Joker" Thörnfeldt, Jimmy Jansson, Moa Carlebecker, Peter Boström and Thomas G:son. Loreen became the second performer to win the contest twice, after Johnny Logan. Sweden won the contest for the seventh time, tying Ireland's record for the most wins in the contest. The other countries in the Top Ten were Finland, Israel, Italy, Norway, Ukraine, Belgium, Estonia, Australia and Czechia. 
Each country had a panel of music experts called ‘jurors’ who awarded a set of points on a scale of 12, 10 and 8 to 1 to their ten favourite songs, with 12 going to the first, 10 to the second and 8 to 1 to the third to tenth. The same system was used for each country’s televote and the points were added together to find a winner.

Manfred Pamminger

Manfred Pamminger (born December 28, 1977) was an Austrian football player.

Pamminger started with his local club SV Seekirchen. His professional career started with SV Austria Salzburg. Then he played for SV Braunau, Austria Lustenau, SCR Altach and some other teams. In 2011–12 he played for the second team of FC Red Bull Salzburg, Red Bull Juniors. He ended his career as a player for USC Eugendorf in the Regionalliga West (3rd level). After the end of his career he became team manager of the newly founded FC Liefering

Second Intifada

The Second intifada was a Palestinian uprising against Israeli occupation. The period of the Second Intifada is marked from September 2000 until February 2005, even though opinions may differ about when it ended. An Intifada is an uprising or "the shaking of" against a power. The Second Intifada was more violent than the first. The second Intifada is considered part of the Israeli-Palestinian conflict and it was succeeded by the First (Palestinian) Intifada that lasted from 1987 until 1993.

After the First Intifada ended in 1993, there was still a lot of discontent among the Palestinians. They didn't agree with how the Oslo Accords were followed by Israel. The Palestinians thought these accords would mean the end of the Israeli occupation, in reality this did not happen. When the Israeli premier Ariel Sharon visited the Temple Mount, where among other things the Al-Aqsa Mosque is placed, it was the last straw for the Palestinians. This is why some people also call this uprising the 'Al-Aqsa Intifada'. The cause of the Second Intifada was years of building tension between Israel and Palestine. A reason why it erupted so quickly was because the Palestinian politician Yasser Arafat suggested that it would improve the conditions for the Palestinians.

The Second Intifada began with Palestinian demonstrations. These started in Jerusalem, but quickly spread to the West Bank. In the beginning the Palestinians mostly threw rocks and were not obedient towards the Israelis, the Israelis were heavily armed. This caused more tension between the two parties and this led to more violence: after one month, 141 Palestinians and 12 Israelis were killed. Many incidents happening on both sides caused even more friction. An example of these incidents is Muhammad al-Durrah, the Palestinian boy that hid behind his father but eventually got shot and was killed, all caught on camera.

Compared to the First Intifada, in the Second Intifada the Palestinians used other, more deadly tactics. Some of them were suicide bombings, snipers and rocket attacks. These increased forms of violence began after the heavy resistance by Israeli forces in the beginning.

In 2002, during the Second Intifada, the Israeli government decided to build a barrier between Israel and the West Bank. This was to protect the Israeli citizens from Palestinian suicide attacks, which occurred often in this period.

Another important event during the Second Intifada was the Israeli withdrawal from the Gaza Strip. This happened after things escalated between Hamas and the Israeli occupiers, which resulted in many deaths on both sides. Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon ‎saw the dangers of the occupation and wanted to disengage. This would be the safest option for Israel. His first announcement of disengaging was in 2003, the disengagement only started in 2005. Israel withdrew its settlements and settlers from Gaza. Ever since, the Gaza Strip is blocked by Israel. This restricts the movement of goods and people and caused a humanitarian crisis in the Gaza strip.

In 2005, after more than 5 years, the Second Intifada came to an end. In 2004 the intensity of the uprising was already fading. This was because of the Palestinians becoming weary, struggling against the strong lasting Israeli defense.

The Second Intifada was more violent than the first one, causing over 3000 Palestinian and nearly 1000 Israeli deaths.

Hydrocodone

Hydrocodone is a drug used to treat pain and as a cough suppressant. It is taken by mouth.

Princess Haya bint Hussein

Princess Haya bint Hussein (; born 3 May 1974) is the daughter of King Hussein of Jordan and his third wife Queen Alia. She is the half-sister of King Abdullah II.

In 2004, Princess Haya became the second official wife of the ruler of the Emirate of Dubai, Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum. In 2019, they divorced and Princess Haya left Dubai with the two children of the marriage to live in the United Kingdom.

Title

3 May 1974 Her Royal Highness Princess Haya bint Al-Hussein 

Princess Muna al-Hussein

Princess Muna Al-Hussein (, born Toni Avril Gardiner; 25 April 1941) is the mother of King Abdullah II of Jordan. She was the second wife of King Hussein. The couple divorced on 21 December 1972. 

She is British by birth, and changed her name to Muna Al-Hussein after her royal marriage.

Latifa bint Mohammed Al Maktoum

Sheikha Latifa bint Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum (; born 5 December 1985) is an Emirati sheikha and a member of the Dubai ruling family. Her father, Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum, is the Prime Minister of the United Arab Emirates, and her mother, Huriah Ahmed al M'aash is from Algeria. 

She has two half-sisters with the same name.

Sheikha Latifa escaped from Dubai in late February 2018 and was forcibly returned from international waters near the Indian coast by a joint India–Emirates operation on 4 March 2018. In December 2018, the Dubai royal court said that she was back in Dubai. She was believed to be held against her will under the order of her father, Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum. 

In August 2021 and after Latifa had been photographed in public places in Dubai, Spain and Iceland, the #FreeLatifa campaign, which had lasted three and a half years, came to an end when she was allowed to leave Dubai. In February 2022, it was reported she was living in Paris, France.

Liza Araneta Marcos

Louise "Liza" Cacho Araneta–Marcos (born 21 August 1959) is a Filipino lawyer and academic. She is known for being the wife of Bongbong Marcos. She became the First Lady of the Philippines in June 2022.

Araneta–Marcos taught law in various universities in the Philippines such as Mariano Marcos State University, Saint Louis University, Pamantasan ng Lungsod ng Maynila, Northwestern University, and Far Eastern University.

She was a strategist for her husband's presidential campaign in the 2022 Philippine elections.

Araneta–Marcos married her husband in April 17, 1993. They have three children; including Congressman Sandro Marcos.

Lake City, California

Lake City, California may refer to:

Honeylet Avanceña

Cielito "Honeylet" Salvador Avanceña (born February 17, 1970) is a Filipina businesswoman. She is best known for being the current partner of former Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte. Avanceña and Duterte have been in a relationship since at least 1996 and have a daughter named Veronica.

Shortly after the inauguration of his husband as president, Avanceña was not named as First Lady. Her step-daughter Sara was proposed to fulfill the role instead who did not accept the offer. Avanceña would carry out the roles usually done by the First Lady.

Mt. Lebanon, Pennsylvania

Mt. Lebanon is a township with home rule status in Allegheny County, Pennsylvania, United States. The population was 34,075 at the 2020 census. 
It is a suburb of Pittsburgh.

Scinax camposseabrai

Scinax camposseabrai is a frog. It lives in Brazil.

Jewett City, Connecticut

Jewett City is a borough in northern New London County, Connecticut. It is in the eastern part of the state near the Rhode Island state line. Jewett City is part of the town of Griswold. At the 2020 United States Census, the borough's population was 3,328.

Jewett City was named for Eliezer Jewett. He founded a settlement in this region in 1771.

Kampung Naga

Kampung Naga is a hamlet in the Salawu district in Tasikmalaya Regency in the province of West Java, Indonesia.

Grünberg, Hesse

Grünberg is a town in Gießen in Hessen, Germany.

Quill Award

The Quill Award was an American literary award that ran for three years in 2005-2007. it was created to inspire reading while promoting Literacy.




The foundation awarded a Quills Corporate Literacy Award to Verizon for its support of Literacy programs in the United States

Pastoralism

Pastoralism is a form of animal husbandry where domesticated animals known as Livestock are released onto large vegetated outdoor lands (pastures) for grazing, historically by nomadic people who moved around with their herds. The species involved include cattle, camels, goats, yaks, llamas, reindeer, horse and sheep.

Human musculoskeletal system

The human musculoskeletal system (also known as the human locomotor system, and previously the activity system) is an organ system that gives humans the ability to move using their muscular and skeletal systems. also The musculoskeletal system provides form, support, stability, and movement to the body.

It is made up of the bones of the skeleton, muscles, cartilage.

Orthopedic surgery

Orthopedic surgery or orthopedics (alternatively spelt orthopaedics), is the branch of Surgery concerned with conditions involving the musculoskeletal system. Orthopedic surgeons use both surgical and nonsurgical means to treat musculoskeletal trauma, degenerative diseases, infections, tumors, and congenital disorders among others.

Bill Mallon

William James Mallon (born February 2, 1952) is an American orthopedic surgeon, former professional golfer and a leading authority on the history of the Olympic Games.

Matewan

Matewan is a 1987 American historical drama movie directed by John Sayles and starring Chris Cooper, James Earl Jones, Mary McDonnell, Will Oldham, David Strathairn, Kevin Tighe, Gordon Clapp. It was distributed by Cinecom Pictures and was nominated for an Academy Award in 1988.


Cayuta, New York

Cayuta is a hamlet and town in Schuyler County, New York, United States. As of the 2020 census, 510 people lived there.

Cayuta occupies the southeastern corner of the county. It is northeast of Elmira. The town is part of the Elmira Metropolitan Statistical Area.



Brokedown Palace

Brokedown Palace is a 1999 American mystery drama movie directed by Jonathan Kaplan and starring Claire Danes, Kate Beckinsale, Bill Pullman, Lou Diamond Phillips, Jacqueline Kim, Daniel Lapaine, Paul Walker. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas (movie)

Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas is a movie based on the book . The black comedy movie was filmed in 1998 and the main characters are "Raoul Duke" and "Dr Gonzo" played by Johnny Depp and Benicio del Toro respectively. Raoul Duke wears a fisherman's hat and yellow tinted aviator glasses. The movie details the duo's journey to Las Vegas with purely journalistic intentions that then quickly devolve into a psychedelic exploration of the city.

Affair of the Poisons

The Affair of the Poisons was a murder scandal that occurred during the reign of and against King Louis the Fourteenth of France, under which prominent members of the French aristocracy were implicated and accused of trying to assassinate the king.

Saint-Lazare Prison

Prison Saint-Lazaire was a jail in Paris's 10th arrondissement, most notorious as being one of the places where the man with the iron mask was immured.

Arrondissement

An arrondissement is a district of a French city, especially Paris. It forms part of a French department.

Jean-Baptiste Colbert

Jean-Baptiste Colbert was a French statesman who served as Minister of State from 1661 until his death in 1683.


Young Democratic Socialists of America

The Young Democratic Socialists of America is the youth/student wing of the organization Democratic Socialists of America.

Labour movement

The Labour movement or labor movement is a social and political movement advocating the well-being of laborers and workers.


Laborer

A laborer or labourer is a worker who does manual labor jobs for a living.

New American Movement

The New American Movement was an American multi-tendency organization advocating socialism and third-wave feminism. It existed from 1971 to 1983.

The Mummy and the Hummingbird

The Mummy and the Hummingbird is a lost 1915 American silent drama movie directed by James Durkin and starring Charles Cherry, Arthur Hoops, Lillian Tucker, Claire Zobelle, Nina Lindsey. It was distributed by Paramount Pictures.

New Atlantis

New Atlantis can mean


Seastead

A seastead is a hypothetical floating settlement on the ocean, especially in international waters primarily to test out alternative systems of governance, especially of the libertarian variety.

New Atlantis (book)

New Atlantis is an unfinished utopian novel written by Sir Francis Bacon and published after his death in 1626. In "New Atlantis" Bacon portrayed a vision of future human discovery and knowledge, expressing his aspirations and ideals for humanity. New Atlantis depicts the creation of a land where generosity, enlightenment, dignity, splendor, piety and "public spirit".

Cameo Kirby (1914 movie)

Cameo Kirby is a 1914 American silent drama movie directed by Oscar Apfel and is the first version of the 1909 play of the same name by Booth Tarkington and Harry Leon Wilson. It stars Dustin Farnum, Fred Montague, James Neill, Jode Mullally, Winifred Kingston, Dick Le Reno, Ernest Joy and was distributed by Paramount Pictures.

Danton (1983 movie)

Danton () is a 1983 French Polish German historical drama movie directed by Andrzej Wajda and was based on the 1929 play "The Danton Case" by Stanisława Przybyszewska. It stars Gérard Depardieu, Wojciech Pszoniak, Patrice Chéreau, Jerzy Trela, Bogusław Linda, Angela Winkler, Andrzej Seweryn, Serge Merlin and was distributed by Gaumont.


Systolic array

A systolic array is a special type of computer architecture that can process data in parallel. A systolic array is typically a nxn square array. It can be used to multiply matrices very fast.

Scinax kennedyi

Kennedy's snouted tree frog ("Scinax kennedyi") is a frog. It lives in the llanos in Colombia and Venezuela.

Leipzig Opera

The Leipzig Opera is an opera house and opera company in Leipzig. It was created in 1693. Georg Philipp Telemann was the opera house's director from 1703 to 1705. The opera house was closed when Johann Sebastian Bach worked in Leipzig.


Austrian schilling

The schilling was the currency of Austria from 1925 to 1938 and from 1945 to 1999. The schilling was the circulating currency until 2002 when the euro was introduced. 

Jayeshbhai Jordaar

Jayeshbhai Jordaar is a 2022 Indian Hindi-language comedy-drama film written and directed by Divyang Thakkar. It was produced by Aditya Chopra and Maneesh Sharma under Yash Raj Films. It stars Ranveer Singh in the titular role as the son of a traditional Gujarati sarpanch, who believes in equal rights between males and females in society. It also stars Shalini Pandey while Boman Irani and Ratna Pathak Shah play supporting roles.

The film was officially announced in May 2019; after the pre-production ended, shooting commenced in Mumbai on 4 December 2019. The second schedule took place in Gujarat from January 2020 and the film wrapped up on 7 February 2020.

"Jayeshbhai Jordaar" was earlier announced to release in theatres on 2 October 2020 and later 27 August 2021, but the COVID-19 pandemic in India led to its postponement by the makers who waited for the pandemic to subside rather than releasing it on OTT platforms. The film was released theatrically on 13 May 2022. On box office account the film grossed crore worldwide in its first weekend of release.


Digital art

Digital art is the practice of art that uses digital technology to make it. Names for digital art have changed since the 1960s. Some of these names are computer art and multimedia art. Digital art is a part of new media art.

Digital arts also about making characters and getting them to make moves. You can generate art works on photopea by using AI and the using photopea you can edit out. Anything produced or made on digital media, such as animations, photographs, illustrations, videos, digital paintings, and such can be classified as digital art.It encompasses a wide range of techniques, from digital drawings, paintings and illustration, to photos, videos and even sculpture.





Mandan, North Dakota

Mandan is a city on the eastern border of Morton County. It is the eighth-largest city in North Dakota. It was founded in 1879. In 1881, it was made the county seat of Morton County. In the 2020 census, the population was 24,206. Across the Missouri River from Bismarck, Mandan is a core city of the Bismarck-Mandan Metropolitan Statistical Area.

Mandan's climate has large seasonal temperature differences. It has warm, hot and humid summers. In the winter, it becomes very cold.


Biretta

The biretta () is a religious square cap worn by Catholic clergy and some Anglican and Lutheran clergy.

Byron, Minnesota

Byron is a city in Olmsted County, Minnesota, United States.

Dover, Minnesota

Dover is a city in Olmsted County, Minnesota, United States.

Eyota, Minnesota

Eyota is a city in Olmsted County, Minnesota, United States.

Nkenge Touré

Nkenge Touré (born Anita Stroud on March 5, 1951) is a civil rights and political activist who is also a leader in the Anti-Racism, Reproductive Justice, and Black Women’s Health movements. She is also a former member of the Black Panther Party. Touré was the second black woman to work at the DC Rape Crisis Center, and she served as Director and General Administrator of the center. After working at the DC Rape Crisis Center for 13 years, Touré had an important role in anti-rape organizing and addressing all forms of violence toward women. Touré founded SisterSong, a national activist organization focusing on reproductive justice for women of color. She founded/co-founded other organizations, such as the National Black United Front and the International Council of African Women. Touré’s activism shaped black-feminist movements across America, allowing black feminists to gather together at political organizing, social gatherings, and consciousness-raising sessions to assert themselves. They produced leaders who supported feminism, civil rights, gay rights, and AID activism throughout the 1970s – 1990s. Touré continued to work with women with HIV, children born with HIV, and substance abusers. She has received numerous awards for her activism, spoken at rallies and conferences, and has published writing.

Oronoco, Minnesota

Oronoco is a city in Olmsted County, Minnesota, United States.

Stewartville, Minnesota

Stewartville is a city in Olmsted County, Minnesota, United States.

Afton, Minnesota

Afton is a city in Washington County, Minnesota, United States.

Bayport, Minnesota

Bayport is a city in Washington County, Minnesota, United States.

Birchwood Village, Minnesota

Birchwood Village is a city in Washington County, Minnesota, United States.

Cottage Grove, Minnesota

Cottage Grove is a city in Washington County, Minnesota, United States.

Dellwood, Minnesota

Dellwood is a city in Washington County, Minnesota, United States.

Forest Lake, Minnesota

Forest Lake is a city in Washington County, Minnesota, United States.

Grant, Minnesota

Grant is a city in Washington County, Minnesota, United States.

Lake Elmo, Minnesota

Lake Elmo is a city in Washington County, Minnesota, United States.

Lake St. Croix Beach, Minnesota

Lake St. Croix Beach is a city in Washington County, Minnesota, United States.

Lakeland Shores, Minnesota

Lakeland Shores is a city in Washington County, Minnesota, United States.

Lakeland, Minnesota

Lakeland is a city in Washington County, Minnesota, United States.

Landfall, Minnesota

Landfall is a city in Washington County, Minnesota, United States.

Mahtomedi, Minnesota

Mahtomedi is a city in Washington County, Minnesota, United States.

Marine on St. Croix, Minnesota

Marine on St. Croix is a city in Washington County, Minnesota, United States.

Newport, Minnesota

Newport is a city in Washington County, Minnesota, United States.

Oak Park Heights, Minnesota

Oak Park Heights is a city in Washington County, Minnesota, United States.

Oakdale, Minnesota

Oakdale is a city in Washington County, Minnesota, United States.

Pine Springs, Minnesota

Pine Springs is a city in Washington County, Minnesota, United States.

Scandia, Minnesota

Scandia is a city in Washington County, Minnesota, United States.

St. Marys Point, Minnesota

St. Marys Point is a city in Washington County, Minnesota, United States.

St. Paul Park, Minnesota

St. Paul Park is a city in Washington County, Minnesota, United States.

Willernie, Minnesota

Willernie is a city in Washington County, Minnesota, United States.

Yang Yan

Yang Yan (born 2 July 1998) is a Chinese wheelchair basketball player. She is a member of the China women's national wheelchair basketball team and the team. She plays at the centre position. She won the silver medal at the 2020 Summer Paralympics. 

At the 2018 World Wheelchair Basketball Championship in Hamburg she finished fourth.

Steelville, Missouri

Steelville is the county seat of Crawford County, Missouri, United States.

Chen Wenli

Chen Wenli (born 4 May 1990) is a Chinese wheelchair basketball player. She is a member of the China women's national wheelchair basketball team. She won the silver medal at the 2020 Summer Paralympics, and the gold medal at the 2018 Asian Para Games. 

At the 2018 World Wheelchair Basketball Championship she finished fourth.

Lei Tianjiao

Lei Tianjiao (born 31 October 1993) is a Chinese wheelchair basketball player. She is a member of the China women's national wheelchair basketball team and the Beijing team. She plays as a centre. She won the silver medal at the 2020 Summer Paralympics, and the gold medal at the 2018 Asian Para Games.

She finished with the team fourth at the 2018 World Wheelchair Basketball Championship, and sixth at the 2016 Summer Paralympics.

In November 2009 she was involved in a traffic incident that resulted in a below-the-knee amputation of her right leg. When she was 17 years old she started with wheelchair basketball after the Beijing wheelchair basketball team was recruiting new players.

Dai Jiameng

Dai Jiameng (born 7 July 1995) is a Chinese wheelchair basketball player (4.5 wheelchair basketball classification). She is a member of the China women's national wheelchair basketball team and the "Beijing" team. She won the silver medal at the 2020 Summer Paralympics, and the gold medal at the 2018 Asian Para Games. 

She finished fourth with the team at the 2018 Wheelchair Basketball World Championship , and sixth at the 2016 Summer Paralympics .

When she was four years old she was involved in a car accident that resulted in a limb deficiency. With a passion for basketball she started with wheelchair basketball in Beijing when she was fourteen years old. She made her debut at the 2014 Women's World Wheelchair Basketball Championship where she finished seventh. She competed at the 2015 Women's U25 Wheelchair Basketball World Championship.

She studied accounting at the Beijing Radio and TV University.


Huang Xiaolian

Huang Xiaolian (born 20 September 1990) is a Chinese wheelchair basketball player. She is a member of the China women's national wheelchair basketball team and the Guangdong Province team. She won the silver medal at the 2020 Summer Paralympics and the gold medal at the 2018 Asian Para Games. 

At the 2018 Women's World Wheelchair Basketball Championship she finished fourth.


Hassan Sheikh Mohamud

Hassan Sheikh Mohamud (, ; born 29 November 1955) is a Somali politician who currently is the President of Somalia since 2022. He was president before from 2012 until 2017. He is the founder and current chairman the Union for Peace and Development Party.

Baby formula

Baby formula, infant formula or just formula (American English) or baby milk, infant milk, false milk, or first milk (British English), is a manufactured food designed for feeding to babies and infants under 12 months of age. It is usually prepared for bottle-feeding or cup-feeding from powder (mixed with water) or liquid (with or without water). 

The U.S. Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (FFDCA) calls infant formula as a good substitution of breast milk.

Ideas about safety: 
There have been some cases where the use of "powdered infant formula" (or PIF) has been associated with illness or death, because of infection with "Cronobacter sakazakii" and other microorganisms that can get into that infant formula, when it gets made. Between 1958 and 2006, there were several dozen reported cases of "C. sakazakii" infection worldwide. The WHO believes that such infections are under-reported.

2022 United States infant formula shortage

In 2022, the United States had a major shortage of infant formula as a result of the 2021–2022 global supply chain crisis. It was also caused by a large scale product recall. 

As of May 14, nationwide out-of-stock rates were reported to be 43%, up from 31% two weeks before, with normal out-of-stock rate being 10%. 

In many places, store shelves are empty. Delaware, Kansas, and Tennessee were the most hard-hit states.

As of mid-May, manufacturers and retailers expected a months-long delay before formula stocks would be fully restored. 

Lin Suiling

Lin Suiling (born 26 February 1991) is a Chinese wheelchair basketball player. She is a member of the China women's national wheelchair basketball team and the Guangdong Province  team. She won the silver medal at the 2020 Summer Paralympics and the gold medal at the 2018 Asian Para Games. 

She was the Most Valuable Player at the 2019 Asia Oceania Championships. She finished fourth at the 2018 Women's World Wheelchair Basketball Championship , and sixth at the 2016 Summer Paralympics .

She has a leg impairment as a result from the effects of polio. She studied at the Hunan Radio and Television University (Administration Studies, Management) in Chenzhou


Simon Preston

Simon John Preston (4 August 1938 – 13 May 2022) was an English organist, conductor, and composer. He was sub-organist of Westminster Abbey from 1962 to 1967, and organist of Christ Church, Oxford from 1970 before returning to Westminster as Organist and Master of the Choristers in 1981. Preston was promoted Commander of the Order of the British Empire (CBE) in the 2009 Birthday Honours.

João Rendeiro

João Manuel Oliveira Rendeiro (22 May 1952 – 13 May 2022) was a Portuguese banker. He was the founder of the Banco Privado Português.

On 11 December 2021, Rendeiro was arrested in Durban, South Africa. On 23 February 2022, he was sentenced to ten years in prison. 

Rendeiro died in May 2022 of suicide from hanging in his serving sentence time in Westville, KwaZulu-Natal, aged 69.

James Francis Edwards

James Francis Edwards, CM, DFC & Bar, DFM, CD (5 June 1921 – 14 May 2022), later known as Stocky Edwards, was a Canadian fighter pilot. He was active during World War II. He had 19 confirmed aerial victories. This made Edwards Canada's highest scoring ace in the Western Desert Campaign.

Edwards turned 100 in June 2021. He died on 14 May 2022, at the age of 100.

Robert Cogoi

Robert Cogoi (born Mirko Kogoj, 25 October 1939 – 14 May 2022) was a Belgian singer. He was best known for his participation in the 1964 Eurovision Song Contest. He presented the song "Près de ma rivière" ("Close by My River"), and came in ninth place.

Cogoi died on 14 May 2022 at the age of 82.

Jim Ferlo

James Ferlo (May 19, 1951 – May 15, 2022) was an American Democratic politician. He was a member of the Pennsylvania State Senate representing the 38th Senatorial District from 2003 to 2015. He did not run for reelection in 2014. He was a member of the Pittsburgh City Council from 1988 until 2003. Ferlo came out as gay in 2014 and the Pennsylvania Senate's first openly gay legislator. He was born in Rome, New York.

On May 15, 2022, it was announced that Ferlo had died at aged 70.

Stevan Ostojić

Stevan Ostojić (Serbian Cyrillic: Стеван Остојић; 20 August 1941 – 15 May 2022) was a Serbian professional footballer. He played as a striker. He played for the Yugoslavia national football team from 1964 until 1971.

Ostojić died on 15 May 2022 in Belgrade, Serbia at the age of 80.

Maggie Peterson

Maggie Peterson Mancuso (January 10, 1941 – May 15, 2022) was an American television actress and singer. She was best known for playing Charlene Darling]on "The Andy Griffith Show". She was a location manager for movies, and worked in the production of the 1995 movie "Casino". Peterson was born in Greeley, Colorado.

Peterson died on May 15, 2022 at her home in Colorado at the age of 81.

Jerzy Trela

Jerzy Józef Trela (14 March 1942 – 15 May 2022) was a Polish actor. In 2003 he starred in the movie "". He was also known for "" (1994), "Quo Vadis" (2001) and "Ida" (2013). Trela was born in Leńcze, General Government.

Trela died on 15 May 2022 in Kraków, Poland at the age of 80.

François Blais (writer)

François Blais (January 3, 1973 – May 14, 2022) was a Canadian children's writer. He received the 2020 Governor General's Award for French-language children's literature for his novel "Lac Adélard". He was born in Grand-Mère, Quebec, Canada. He published his first book in 2006.

Blais died at his sister's home in Charette, Quebec on May 14, 2022 at the age of 49.

2022 Laguna Woods shooting

On May 15, 2022, a mass shooting happened at Geneva Presbyterian Church in Laguna Woods, Orange County, California, United States. One person was killed, and five others were injured, four of them critically. Most of the church attendees were Taiwanese-American. A suspect was taken into custody.

Virgil (wrestler)

Michael Jones (April 7, 1951 – February 28, 2024), better known by his ring name Virgil, is an American professional wrestler and actor. He is known for his eight-year career in the World Wrestling Federation (WWF). He was born in Nashville, Tennessee. 

In May 2022, Virgil was diagnosed with stage-2 colon cancer.

West Reading, Pennsylvania

West Reading is a borough in Berks County, Pennsylvania, United States. The population was 4,553 at the 2020 census.

Gisele Barreto Fetterman

Gisele Barreto Fetterman (née Almeida; born February 27, 1982) is a Brazilian-American activist, philanthropist, and nonprofit executive. She is a founder of the non-profit Freestore 15104. She is a co-founder of the non-profits For Good Pgh and 412 Food Rescue. She is the wife of Lieutenant-Governor John Fetterman. She is the Second Lady of Pennsylvania.

Élisabeth Borne

Élisabeth Borne (born 18 April 1961) is a French politician of La République En Marche! (LREM) and was the Prime Minister of France from 2022 until 2024. She was Minister of Labour, Employment and Integration in the government of Prime Minister Jean Castex from 2020 to 2022. 

On May 16, 2022, Emmanuel Macron appointed her as the next Prime Minister of France, following Castex's resignation.

Borne resigned on 8 January 2024 after the controversial passage of an immigration bill.

City with special status

City with special status (Ukrainian: місто зі спеціальним статусом, "misto zi spetsial'nym statusom"), formerly known as "city of republican subordinance", is a type of first-level administrative division of Ukraine. Kyiv and Sevastopol are the only cities with special status.

Glen Mourning

Glen Leroy Mourning (born March 26, 1987) is a former division 1A football scholarship football player for the University or Connecticut. Standing at 6”1 220 pounds, Glen was recruited to play defensive back for the Huskies. He is now an African American author widely known for his book series “"Crunchy Life"”. He has inspired children and adults all over America. He was born in Danbury, Connecticut and currently lives in Virginia. As of 2023 Glen is completing a second masters degree through the University of Virginia’s School"
of Education. 

URL=https://uconnhuskies.com/sports/football/roster/glen-mourning/3229 | title=Glen Mourning }}</ref>

Mourning was born on March 26, 1987 in Danbury, Connecticut he went to Danbury High School. He is the first in his family to graduate from high school as well as the first to finish college and complete a masters degree. He currently lives in Virginia.

He gained a scholarship to the University of Connecticut. He also went to the University of Bridgeport. He suffered ongoing injuries during his career at UCONN and was unable to contribute to the team. He then became an educator, author and motivational speaker.

His first "Crunchy Life" book was written in 2018 named "Crunchy Life: Recess Detention" followed by many other´s. He then started a nonprofit organization named Generation Forward Inc. located in Washington, D.C where he supports minority youth and families in need throughout the country. He now travels around America inspiring children with his books and speeches. 

Disestablishmentarianism

Disestablishmentarianism is a person who favors the separation of church and state, especially the withdrawal of special rights, status, and support granted an established church by a state; an advocate of disestablishing a state church.

It originates from movements in Henry VIII's England to remove the "establishment" of the Catholic Church.

Take a Look Over Your Shoulder

Take a Look Over Your Shoulder is the second studio album by Warren G. The album was released on March 25, 1997.

Strong Boy

Strong Boy is a lost 1929 American silent comedy movie directed by John Ford and starring Victor McLaglen, Leatrice Joy, J. Farrell MacDonald, Clyde Cook, Buddy Roosevelt, Tom Wilson, Eulalie Jensen, David Torrence. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

The Lords of Discipline (movie)

The Lords of Discipline is a 1983 American drama movie directed by Franc Roddam and was based on the 1980 novel of the same name by Pat Conroy. It stars David Keith, Robert Prosky, Judge Reinhold, Bill Paxton, William Hope, Michael Biehn, Ed Bishop, Jason Connery and was distributed by Paramount Pictures.


Daniel (1983 movie)

Daniel is a 1983 British American spy drama movie directed by Sidney Lumet and was based on the 1971 novel "The Book of Daniel" by E. L. Doctorow. It stars Timothy Hutton, Mandy Patinkin, Lindsay Crouse, Ellen Barkin, Amanda Plummer, Daniel Stern, Ed Asher, Maria Tucci, Peter Copley and was distributed by Paramount Pictures.


 

Exploitation behind clothes

The exploitation behind clothes consists of the racial, social and gender injustices happening with the production of clothes, especially in Bangladesh.

Women and children are forced to work in poor conditions.

The 2013 Dhaka garment factory collapse was a structural failure that occurred on 24 April 2013 in the Savar Upazila of Dhaka District, Bangladesh.

Jon Kareaga, Spanish activist, fights against fast fashion that affects Bangladesh garment industry.

The Lawyer (movie)

The Lawyer is a 1970 American courtroom drama movie directed by Sidney J. Furie and starring Harold Gould, Barry Newman, Diana Muldaur, Robert Colbert, Kathleen Crowley, Michael Murphy. It was distributed by Paramount Pictures.

Mathematics and medicine

Mathematics and medicine are closely connected, and doctors use mathematics to make predictions, interpret results or understanding the effectiveness of a surgery, drug or therapy.

The most common application of mathematics in medicine and pharmacology is probability and statistics where, for example, the effectiveness of new drugs or medical procedures is validated by statistical analysis before they are approved, for example, in the United States by the Food and Drug Adminstration (FDA).

Mathematics and architecture

Mathematics and architecture are related, since, as with other arts, architects use mathematics for several reasons.

Günter Praschak

Günter Praschak (12 September 1929 – 4 April 2011) was a Austrian football player and coach.

Günter Praschak went to school in Hollabrunn (Lower Austria) and played for the local club SV Hollabrunn. After the Second World War he came to Salzburg and played for SAK. He also played ice hockey. In 1953 he went to LASK. From 1955 to 1958 he played for SV Austria Salzburg. After a short time with LASK he came back to Austria and played there until 1966.

In 1957 he was the player-coach of Austria Salzburg. From 1965 to 1969 and 1973 to 1975 he was coach of the team. In 1970-71 and 1979-81 he was coach of SK VOEST Linz, also serving as technical manager. From 1984 to 1987 he was coach of the Austrian U23 national football team.

As manager of Austria Salzburg he brought Karl Kodat, Horst Hirnschrodt or Peter Grosser to Salzburg. He also was very much engaged in the plans for a new stadium in Lehen, which was finally opend in 1971. It was the homeground of Austria Salzburg until the opening of the EM Stadion Wals-Siezenheim in 2003.

Scinax exiguus

The Gran Sabana snouted tree frog ("Scinax exiguus") is a frog. It lives in the Gran Sabana and other parts of Venezuela and in parts of Brazil. Scientists have seen it between 1210 and 1350 meters above sea level. 

Israeli occupation of the West Bank

The West Bank, including East Jerusalem, has been under military occupation by Israel since 7 June 1967, when Israeli forces occupied the territory during the Six-Day war. Before the occupation, West Bank was ruled by Jordan.

William T. Lawrence (politician)

William Thomas Lawrence (May 7, 1788 – October 25, 1859) was a U.S. Representative from New York. He was the brother of Samuel Lawrence. Born as the son of Jonathan Lawrence in New York City, William attended the common schools. 

He engaged in mercantile pursuits. During the War of 1812, Lawrence served in the Fourth Regiment and (commander the American forces at Fort Bowyer), New York State Artillery. He moved to Cayuga County in 1823 and started farming. He was in the Justice of the Peace in 1838. Fort Bowyer was commanded by Major William Lawrence not William T. Lawrence. William Lawrence was from Maryland. He first served with the 4th Infantry and then the 2d Infantry from April 1802 until he was transferred to the 8th Infantry in May 1815. Information from Historical Register and Dictionary of the United States Army 1789-1903. Fort Bowyer was defended by the 2d Infantry not the 4th Infantry.

Lawrence was elected as a Whig to the Thirtieth Congress (March 4, 1847 – March 3, 1849). 
He died at his country home near Cayutaville on October 25, 1859. He was interred in the family cemetery on the Shore Road, in the Borough of Queens, New York City.

Alpine Junction, New York

Alpine Junction is a hamlet in Schuyler County, New York, United States. As of the 2020 census, 73 people lived there.

Alpine Junction is in the southeastern corner of the county. It is east of Elmira. It is part of the Elmira Metropolitan Statistical Area.

2022–23 FC Bayern Munich season

The 2022–23 season is scheduled to be the 124th in the history of FC Bayern Munich and their 58th consecutive season in the top flight. The club will participate in Bundesliga, DFB-Pokal, DFL-Supercup and UEFA Champions League.

"Undisclosed fees are not included in the transfer totals."

Expenditure

Summer: €120,500,000

Winter: €00,000,000

Total: €120,500,000
Income

Summer: €74,300,000

Winter: €0,000,000

Total: €72,300,000
Net totals

Summer: €46,200,000

Winter: €0,000,000

Total: €46,200,000

The group stage draw will be held on 25 August 2022.

Klara Höfels

Klara Höfels (1949 – 15 May 2022) was a German actress, director and theatre producer. She was first a stage actress who worked for Schauspiel Frankfurt, Residenztheater in Munich and Staatstheater Stuttgart. She later became known for roles in television series such as "SOKO" and "Hinter Gittern – Der Frauenknast". Höfels was born in Grevenbroich, North Rhine-Westphalia, West Germany. She played Irma in the 2016 movie "Toni Erdmann".

Höfels died on 15 May 2022 in Berlin, Germany at the age of 73.

Kay Mellor

Kay Mellor ("née" Daniel; 11 May 1951 – 15 May 2022) was an English actress, scriptwriter, and director. She was known for creating television shows such as ITV British drama "Fat Friends" (2000–05). She also co-created CITV's British children's drama "Children's Ward" (1989–2000). Mellor was born in Leeds, Yorkshire, England.

Mellor died on 15 May 2022, four days after her 71st birthday.

Rainer Basedow

Rainer Basedow (20 May 1938 – 15 May 2022) was a German actor. He was known for having provided the German voice dub of Pumbaa in the "Lion King" franchise. He also dubbed John Belushi as Jake Blues in "The Blues Brothers" and Sergeant Harley in "The Jungle Book".

Basedow died on 15 May 2022 at a hospital in Salzburg, Austria from a heart attack, five days before his 84th birthday.

2022–23 Bundesliga

The 2022–23 Bundesliga is the 60th season of the Bundesliga. It began on 5 August 2022 and will end on 27 May 2023.

Bayern Munich are the ten-time consecutive defending champions.

As the 2022 FIFA World Cup will be held between 21 November and 18 December 2022 due to the climatic conditions of the host country Qatar, the league will feature an extended pause during the season. As national team players must be released by their clubs on 14 November 2022, the last Bundesliga matchday before the break is scheduled from 11–13 November (matchday 15). The league will resume ten weeks later on 20 January 2023.
Bayern Munich, Borussia Dortmund,red Bull Leipzig have Qualified for champions league 2023-24.

A total of 18 teams will participate in the 2022–23 edition of the Bundesliga.

Bayern Munich

The relegation play-offs will take place on 31 May or 1 June and 5 or 7 June 2023.

Hilarion (Kapral)

Metropolitan Hilarion (born Igor Alexeyevich Kapral, ; 6 January 1948 – 16 May 2022) was a Canadian-American Orthodox prelate. He was the bishop of the Russian Orthodox Church Outside Russia (ROCOR), Metropolitan of Eastern America and New York, First-Hierarch of the ROCOR from 18 May 2008 until his death in 2022.

Hilarion died on 16 May 2022 at a hospital in New York City, aged 74.

Rodri (footballer, born 1934)

Francisco Rodríguez García (8 March 1934 – 17 May 2022), nicknamed Rodri, was a Spanish footballer. He played as a defender. He was born in Barcelona, Spain. He made four appearances for the Spain national football team in 1962.

Rodri died on 17 May 2022 in Barcelona at the age of 88.

José Araquistáin

José Araquistáin Arrieta (born 4 March 1937) is a Spanish retired footballer. He played as a goalkeeper. He made six appearances for the Spain national football team between 1960 until 1962. 


Salvador Sadurní

Salvador Sadurní Urpí (born 3 April 1941) is a Spanish retired footballer. He played as a goalkeeper. He made ten appearances for the Spain national football team between 1963 until 1969.


Carmelo Cedrún

Carmelo Cedrún Ochandátegui (born 6 December 1930) is a Spanish former football goalkeeper and manager. He made thirteen appearances for the Spain national football team from 1954 until 1963.


Enrique Collar

Enrique Collar Monterrubio (born 2 November 1934) is a Spanish former professional footballer. He played as a left winger. He made 16 appearances and scored 4 goals for the Spain national football team from 1955 to 1963. He played in the 1962 FIFA World Cup.


Severino Reija

Severino Reija Vázquez (born 25 November 1938) is a Spanish former footballer. He played as a defender. He participated with the national team at the 1962 FIFA World Cup, the 1964 European Nations' Cup, and the 1966 FIFA World Cup.


Adelardo

Adelardo Rodríguez Sánchez, also known as Adelardo (born 26 September 1939), is a Spanish former professional footballer. He made 14 appearances and two goals for the Spain national football team from 1962 until 1970.


Helenio Herrera

Helenio Herrera Gavilán (; 10 April 1910 – 9 November 1997) was an Argentine-French football player and manager. 

During his managerial career, Herrera won four La Liga titles in Spain (with Atlético Madrid and Barcelona) and three Serie A titles in Italy with Inter. 

He is seen as one of the greatest managers of all time.

Atlético Madrid

Barcelona

Inter Milan

Roma

Individual

Supreme People's Assembly

The Supreme People's Assembly (SPA; ) is the unicameral legislature of North Korea. It is made up of one deputy from each of the DPRK's 687 constituencies. They are elected to five-year terms.

Choe Thae-bok

Choe Thae-bok (1 December 1930 – 20 January 2024) was a North Korean politician. He is a member of the Politburo and the Secretariat of the Workers' Party of Korea. He was Chairman (speaker) of the Supreme People's Assembly for nearly 21 years, from 1998 to 2019. He was an advisor to Kim Jong-il.

Choe died from a heart attack on 20 January 2024, at the age of 93.

Pak Thae-song

Pak Thae-song (, born 14 September 1955) is a North Korean politician. He is the Chairman of the Supreme People's Assembly and a Vice Chairman of the Workers' Party of Korea since 2019.

July Monarchy

The July Monarchy () was a liberal constitutional monarchy in France ruled by . This started on 26 July 1830, with the July Revolution of 1830, and ended on 23 February 1848, with the Revolution of 1848.

The July Monarchy ended the Bourbon Restoration period of French history. It began when people overthrown Charles X, the last king of the House of Bourbon. 

The new leader, Louis Philippe, is a member of the Orléans of the House of Bourbon. He proclaimed himself as ("King of the French"). 

The July Monarchy was ruled by rich bourgeoisie and former Napoleonic officials. The king wanted friendship with the United Kingdom and colonial expansion such as the French conquest of Algeria. 

In 1848, revolutions taken place in many parts of Europe, the king is not popular anymore and he was overthrown.

June Preston

June Preston (December 29, 1928 – May 11, 2022) was an American former child actress and singer. She worked with RKO Pictures in the 1930s. She played Mrs. Blewett's daughter in the 1934 movie "Anne of Green Gables". When she got older, she became an opera singer. During her child acting career, she was called the "next Shirley Temple".

Preston was born in Glendale, California and was raised in Temple, Texas. She studied at Seattle University.

Preston died on May 11, 2022 at her home in Montclair, New Jersey from problems caused by dementia, aged 93.

Brandon Flynn

Brandon Paul Flynn (born October 11, 1993) is an American actor. He is known for his role as Justin Foley in the Netflix series "13 Reasons Why". He also played Mike the Intern in "BrainDead". He also appeared in the 2020 series "Ratched".

Flynn is openly gay.

Asterism (astronomy)

An asterism is an observed pattern or group of stars in the sky. Constellations are based on asterisms, but asterisms can be any pattern or group of stars. They are a more general concept than the 88 constellations of the IAU. Several countries use these patterns in their flags. 



I Did That!

I Did That! are stickers, usually showing President Joe Biden, pointing at the price of gasoline at the fuel pumps in a gas station around the United States. The stickers began appearing in 2021 and have increased in popularity as the price of gasoline and other goods have risen due to inflation. 

The stickers are sold online by dozens of vendors and one retailer, with one place having $40,000 in sticker sales in August of 2021. The stickers are a form of vandalism with owners and employees at gas stations complaining the stickers make some customers angry and are hard to remove.

Many believe that it is not Biden's fault for the inflation price as many blame it on the COVID-19 pandemic. Some also argue that Biden's $1.9 trillion dollar American Rescue Plan caused the rise in inflation in the US.

White House, Tennessee

White House is a city in Robertson and Sumner counties in the United States state of Tennessee. The population was 12,982 at the 2020 census.

Eliseo Mendoza Berrueto

Eliseo Francisco Mendoza Berrueto (13 April 1931 – 17 May 2022) was a Mexican politician and economist. He was the Governor of Coahuila from 1 December 1987 until 30 November 1993. He was born in San Pedro de las Colonias, Coahuila, Mexico. He was the President of the Chamber of Deputies in 1985. Mendoza Berrueto was a Deputy from 1985 until 1987.

Mendoza Berrueto died in Saltillo, Coahuila on 17 May 2022, aged 91.

Paige Gebhardt Cognetti

Paige Gebhardt Cognetti is an American Democratic politician. She is the 36th Mayor of Scranton, Pennsylvania since 2020. She is the first woman to be mayor of the city and won her seat in a special election. Before becoming mayor, she worked as an advisor for the United States Department of the Treasury during the Barack Obama presidency.

Mohamed Rabbae

Mohamed Rabbae (8 March 1941 – 17 May 2022) was a Moroccan–born Dutch politician and activist. He was born in Berrechid, French Protectorate in Morocco, Vichy France. 

Rabbae was a member of the House of Representatives from 1994 to 2002, and afterwards an alderman of Leiden.

Rabbae died in Amersfoort, aged 81.


A Venetian water fete (Rotta)

A Venetian water fete (also known as Una festa Veneziana sull'acqua or Un baccanale di Venezia) is a 19th-century painted in oil on canvas made by Antonio Rotta, in 1863, in Venice, Italy. The artwork measures centimeters 172 x 106 (41.7 x 67.7 in.).
Antonio Rotta's work "A Venetian water fete" was auctioned in 2001 at Sotheby's in London and acquired by an English collector for € 158.000 plus auction fees.

Antonio Rotta is one of the most famous painters in the Italian history of genre painting, compared to a poet of the Venetian ballads, he describes the everyday life and feelings of the Venice at this epoque.

Rotta has created 3 other similar works that make up a cycle of boat parties in Venice and recall the still current existence of the Redentore feast.

The art work describes the typical Venetian festival, probably during the Feast of the Redeemer, with two boats side by side and musicians in the Venice lagoon in Italy.





Fasces

Fasces ( ; , from the Latin word "fascis", meaning "bundle"; ) is a bundle of wooden rods, sometimes showing an axe blade. The fasces is an Italian symbol originated from the Etruscan civilization and was passed on to ancient Rome.

In Ancient Rome, fasces symbolized a magistrate's power and jurisdiction.

During early 20th century, the fasces was used to represent fascism. The symbol was used by the National Fascist Party of Benito Mussolini. 

Beezy Bear

Beezy Bear is a 1955 Disney animated short. It features Donald Duck, who appears as a beekeeper. This is Humphrey the Bear's fifth appearance. The cartoon portrays Humphrey as a honey-stealing bear.


The short was released on November 11, 2008 on "".

It is also available on Disney+.


Holden (surname)

Holden is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:








Bombing of Guernica

The bombing of Guernica (26 April 1937) was an aerial bombing of the Basque town of Guernica during the Spanish Civil War. It was mainly carried out by the Nazi German Luftwaffe's Condor Legion and the Fascist Italian Aviazione Legionaria.

The attack is controversial because of the bombing of civilians by a military air force, which is seen as a war crime.

Labour camp

A labour camp, labor camp or work camp is a simplified prison in which inmates are forced to do hard labor, usually as punishment for crime. Instead of prison cells, labor camp inmates are usually housed in barracks. Soviet gulags and Nazi concentration camps are some examples. Conditions at labor camps tend to be extremely harsh.

Prison cell

A prison cell, jail cell or holding cell is a small room in which one or more prisoners are held. There's two types of jail cells. One type is a holding tank at a police station or the booking suite of a jail. The other type is a cell in which inmates sleep. A prison cell usually has a solid or barred door. Solid doors typically have a window that allows the prisoners to be watched closely from outside the cell. Each cell is usually furnished with a bench or cots, often bolted to the wall or floor such that they can't be used as weapons. There's also typically a toilet as well.

Cot

A cot is a small, single occupancy bed. Cots are usually found in residential institutions like prisons and psychiatric hospitals, military bases, boarding schools, college dormitories, and camps as well as places that are turned into temporary shelters during emergencies.

State prison

In the United States, A state prison or state penitentiary is an incarcerating facility for those convicted of felony crimes.

Federal prison

In the United States, a federal prison or federal penitentiary is an incarcerating facility for those convicted of federal crimes.

Darne machine gun

The Darne Machine Gun was used first by the French, beginning in 1922. The machine gun was relatively cheap and used the common 8mm Lebel bullet, which the French Army used at the time.

Nazi concentration camp

A Nazi concentration camp was one of the death camps and labour camps operated by the Nazis during the Second World War throughout the occupied territories of the Third Reich for the imprisonment, enslavement and extermination of Jews and others that Nazi party considered undesirable. These facilities were the culmination of the "final solution" that became the Holocaust. Most inmates were brought to the camps in cattle cars. Upon arrival, they were stripped of all possessions, made to undergo "Selection" (where the Nazis would determine who lives and who dies), had their hair cut off, etc. Conditions were extremely inhumane.
Some of the main concentration camps were:


Cattle wagon

Cattle wagons are railway vehicles for transporting livestock such as cattle.

Military prison

A military prison is a jail for the soldiers and sailors of a country's military who commit crimes. Alternatively, a military prison can hold prisoners of war. A brig is the detention facility aboard a naval vessel.

Presidio Modelo

Presidio Modelo (Spanish for "model prison") is an abandoned prison in Cuba. It's an example of the round, wide design of jails and was built in 1927 on the orders of president turned dictator Geraldo Machado. Fidel Castro was one famous inmate. It is in the suburban quarter of Chacón, Nueva Gerona.

School-to-prison pipeline

The School-to-prison pipeline describes all the policies (such as zero-tolerance policies and the practice of posting police officers in schools) that some people believe are funneling schoolchildren into the justice system.

Jean Nicolet

Jean Nicolet was a French explorer. He was known for being the first person to discover Lake Michigan, Mackinac Island, and Green Bay.

Karl Kodat

Karl Kodat (10 February 1943 – 29 February 2012) was an Austrian footballer. He played as a striker.

Born in Vienna he started his career with Wiener Sportclub. In 1964 he went to FK Austria Wien. From 1967 to 1971 he played for SV Austria Salzburg and then he went on to Belgium where he played for Royal Antwerp. He also earned five caps for Austria in 1971.

Kodat died on 29 February 2012, at the age of 69.

Breach (band)

Breach is a Swedish post-hardcore band formed in 1993. They ended in 2007.

Her Father's Son

Her Father's Son is a 1916 American Civil War comedy movie directed by William Desmond Taylor and starring Vivian Martin, Gayne Whitman, Herbert Standing, Helen Jerome Eddy, Lucille Ward. It was distributed by Paramount Pictures.


Henry McMahon

Sir Arthur Henry McMahon (1862-1949) started being a British chief commissioner in Baluchistan from 1907 until 1908 and from 1909 until 1911.
From 1915 until 1917 he became the British High commissioner in Egypt during World War 1.

Faisal I of Iraq

Faysal (1885-1933) is the third son of Hussein Bin Ali. He became the king of Syria in October 1918 after the Arab Revolt. In 1921 he became the king of Iraq under supervision of the British. In 1932 he made it happen that Iraq become independent from England.

King Faisal died of a heart attack on 8 September 1933 in Bern, Switzerland. He was 48 years old at the time of his death.

Scinax alter

The Crubixa snouted tree frog ("Scinax alter") is a frog. It lives in Brazil.

The adult male frog is 22.5 to 31.1 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is 23.9–31.0 mm long.

This frog is related to many other frogs that live nearby. But "Scinax alter" has bright white stripes on its body. There are dark brown stripes around the white stripes. It has a dark brown triangle mark between its eyes. It has small dark brown stripes in front of its eyes. The insides of its back legs are lighter brown. The belly is yellow-brown. It has a thin body. Its eyes stick out. It has vomerine teeth in its jaw.

The tadpole is 22.9 to 32.0 mm long, with the tail.

Most of these frogs live along the Atlantic ocean in the east. Some of them live further away from the ocean in the Rio Doce valley in Minas Gerais. Others live higher up in the hills in Espírito Santo. They live on plants near ponds. They live near the edges of forests or in places with few trees. They can live in places with sand dunes if there are tall enough plants growing in them. They can be on the ground or on plants.

Absence of good

The Absence of good is a philosophical theory which considers evil to be a lack of something, rather than a object, or entity, like good is. This means that everything in the universe is usually good, and the lack of it is what we call evil. It is applied to the problem of evil, in that if some things in the world are admitted to be evil, this could show that the creator (or God) isn't completely good.

Giovanni Falcone

Giovanni Salvatore Augusto Falcone (Palermo, 18th May 1939 – Palermo, May 23rd 1992) , known as Giovanni Falcone, was an Italian magistrate that fought against the Italian Mafia with his colleague Paolo Borsellino. They both spent their early years in the same neighbourhood in Palermo. Many of their childhood friends grew up in the Mafia background, both men fought on the other side of the war against crime in Sicily as prosecuting magistrates. They were both killed in 1992, a few months apart. He was killed by Cosa Nostra in the Strage di Capaci (Massacre of Capaci) .In recognition of their tireless effort and sacrifice during the anti-mafia trials, they were both awarded the Italian "Medaglia d'oro al valor civile" (Gold medal for civil valour). They were also named as heroes of the last 60 years in the 13 November 2006 issue of "Time Magazine".

Horst Hirnschrodt

Horst Hirnschrodt (5 December 1940 – 24 May 2018) was an Austrian footballer . He played for Austria Wien, Austria Salzburg and the Austrian national team as a defender.
He started his career with SC Olympia 33, 1953 he went on to Austria Wien. He debuted in March 1959 versus Simmeringer SC. With Austria Wien he won three times the league. In 1967 he went on to SV Austria Salzburg together with his teammate Karl Kodat. In 1975 he ended his career.
He played 19 matches in the Austrian football national team. He debuted on 8 April 1962 in a 3:2 win over Irland. In this match he scored his only goal for the nationalteam.

William Byron

William McComas Byron Jr. (born November 29, 1997) is an American Race Car driver. He drives the No. 24 Chevrolet Camaro ZL1 for Hendrick Motorsports in the NASCAR Cup Series, The No. 88 for JR Motorsports in the Xfinity Series, and the No. 7 for Spire Motorsports in the NASCAR Truck Series. His racing career started on the racing simulator, iracing.com. In 2018, he took over the No. 24, made famous by Jeff Gordon, and Chase Elliott. He didn't win until the 2020 Coke Zero Sugar 400. Before that, he didn't see much success. 

Ejection seat

In aircraft, an ejection seat or ejector seat is a system designed to rescue the pilot or other crew of an aircraft (usually military) in an emergency. In most designs, the seat is propelled out of the aircraft by a small explosion or rocket motor, carrying the pilot with it. The concept of an ejectable escape crew capsule has also been tried. Once clear of the aircraft, the ejection seat deploys a parachute. Ejection seats are common on certain types of military aircraft, and can save people's lives.

T-72

The T-72 is a family of Russian/Soviet main battle tanks that started getting built in 1969. The T-72 was made to replace the T-64, which was bad because it was expensive and complicated. Around 25,000 T-72s have been built, and repairs have made many of them work for a very long time. The T-72 has been used in 40 countries. The T-72 was replaced by the T-90 in 1992, but the T-72 is still made today.

Attack helicopter

An attack helicopter is a type of helicopter that is used to attack infantry, vehicles, and buildings. They are sometimes called "helicopter gunships" because of their weapons. 

Attack helicopters can use a lot of weapons. Some of these weapons include machine guns, bombs, autocannons, missiles, and rockets. Some attack helicopters can also use air-to-air missiles for protection against other helicopters and planes.

Attack helicopters have two main purposes. The first purpose is to attack targets on the ground, like infantry, vehicles, and buildings. The second purpose is to protect transport helicopters and other weaker helicopters.

Meeting at Hendaye

The Meeting of Hendaye, or Interview of Hendaye, is a meeting between Francisco Franco and Adolf Hitler on 23 October 1940 at the railway station in Hendaye, France. The meeting was also attended by Ramón Serrano Suñer of Francoist Spain and Joachim von Ribbentrop of Nazi Germany.

Hannes Winklbauer

Hannes Winklbauer (born 25 December 1949) was a former Austrian football player. After the end of his active career he worked as a football coach and journalist.

He started his career with SV Kapfenberg. From 1969 to 1971 he played for SW Bregenz. In 1971 he went to SV Austria Salzburg where he stayed until the end of his active career.

Winkelbauer played seven matches for the Austrian national football team between 1974 and 1975.

He started his coaching career with ASVÖ FC Puch where his brother Hubert was a player. In the 1984–85 season he was coach and manager of SV Austria Salzburg. The club was relegated but he found new players who became very important for the club in the following years, like Christian Fürstaller and Wolfgang Feiersinger. After a second spell as manager in the 1986–87 season he ended his coaching career.

After his coaching career he became a sports journalist. Until his retirement in 2010 he wrote mainly for the Salzburger Nachrichten.

Vehicle armour

Vehicle armour is a protective layer that is used to protect vehicles from weapons. Vehicle armor is usually found on military vehicles like tanks, fighter planes, and armoured cars. 

Vehicle armor is also sometimes used for normal vehicles, like armoured bank vehicles and cars used to transport important people like elected officials. 

Vehicle armor is also sometimes used to protect vehicles from things other than attacks. Some vehicles, like satellites, use vehicle armor to stay safe from danger that comes from the environment.

Lyu Guidi

Lyu Guidi (born 6 May 1993) is a Chinese wheelchair basketball player. She is a member of the China women's national wheelchair basketball team and the Guangdong Province team. She won the silver medal at the 2020 Summer Paralympics, and the gold medal at the 2018 Asian Para Games. 

At the 2018 Women's World Wheelchair Basketball Championship she finished fourth, and at the 2016 Summer Paralympics sixth.

She began with wheelchair basketball when she was 20 years old in Guangdong


Gender euphoria

Gender euphoria (GE) is a proposed term for the opposite of gender dysphoria. It is the satisfaction, enjoyment, or relief felt by trans people when they feel their body matches their personal gender identity. "Transgender congruence" is also used for transgender individuals feeling genuine, authentic, and comfortable with their gender identity and appearance.

GE experiences can occur in external, internal, and/or social settings and is considered a conglomeration of positive emotions and subjective well-being in response to being affirmed in one’s gender.


Zhang Tonglei

Zhang Tonglei (born 5 September 1993) is a Chinese wheelchair basketball player. She is a member of the China women's national wheelchair basketball team and the Guangdong Province team. She won the silver medal at the 2020 Summer Paralympics, and the gold medal at the 2018 Asian Para Games. 

At the 2018 Women's World Wheelchair Basketball Championship she finished fourth.


Chen Xuejing

Chen Xuejing (born 1 September 1993) is a Chinese wheelchair basketball player, and a member of the China women's national wheelchair basketball team, playing as a forward. She won the silver medal at the 2020 Summer Paralympics, and the gold medal at the 2018 Asian Para Games.

When she was 18 years old, she had a car accident causing her a spinal cord injury. She started playing wheelchair basketball in Beijing when she was 19 years old, after her doctor recommended it to her. She made her debut for the national team at the 2015 World Championships. The next year she played at the 2016 Summer Paralympics.

She studied at the Beijing Sport University.

United States Bureau of Reclamation

The United States Bureau of Reclamation (USBR) is a group owned by the United States government. It is controlled by the United States Department of the Interior, and it works on water resources like dams and irrigation in the Western United States. The most important and known project operated be the USBR is the Hoover Dam. Founded in 1902, the bureau has over 5,400 employees and a yearly budget of 1.07 billion USD.

Tina Kotek

Tina Kotek (born September 30, 1966) is an American politician who is the 39th Governor of Oregon since 2023. She was the speaker of the Oregon House of Representatives from 2013 to 2022. She is a member of the Democratic Party.

Along with Maura Healey, she will be one of the first two openly lesbian governors in the United States.

Kotek, a lesbian, was one of the only openly-gay members of the Oregon Legislative Assembly.

Austin Davis (politician)

Austin Davis (born October 4, 1989) is an American Democratic politician who is the 35th Lieutenant Governor of Pennsylvania since 2023. He was a member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives, representing the 35th District from 2018 to 2022. 

Doug Mastriano

Douglas Vincent Mastriano (born January 2, 1964), is an American politician. He is a retired Colonel of the United States Army. He is a member of the Pennsylvania State Senate since 2019. He is the Republican nominee for Governor of Pennsylvania in the 2022 election. He was defeated in the gubernatorial election by Josh Shapiro. 

Mastriano has supported QAnon. He has been called a far right winger by critics.

A strong supporter of former President Donald Trump. He supported the efforts to overturn the results of the 2020 United States presidential election. 

Mastriano was present at the Washington, D.C. rally on January 6, 2021, where a mob attacked the United States Capitol. Mastriano did not enter the Capitol, but did pass through police barriers near the Capitol.

Carrie DelRosso

Carrie Lewis DelRosso (born September 10, 1975) is an American politician and businesswoman. She is a member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives from the 33rd district since 2021. She is the Republican nominee for Lieutenant Governor of Pennsylvania in the 2022 election.

Deborah James (journalist)

Dame Deborah Anne James (1 October 1981 – 28 June 2022) was an English journalist, podcast host and charity campaigner. 

In 2016, she was diagnosed with terminal bowel cancer. She later began to host the "You, Me and the Big C" podcast on BBC Radio 5 about her struggles with her illness.

In May 2022, James said she began treatment under hospice care. Less than 48 hours after her post, over £3 million was raised for her campaign, the Bowelbabe Fund. Two days later, James was appointed Dame Commander of the Order of the British Empire (DBE)

In her final days, James lived at her parents' house in Woking, Surrey, where she died on 28 June 2022, aged 40, from cancer.

Underworld: Rise of the Lycans

Underworld: Rise of the Lycans is a 2009 American action horror movie. The movie is produced by Screen Gems and distributed by Sony Pictures Releasing. It is the third movie in the Underworld franchise. It was directed by Patrick Tatopoulos. It was released in the United States on January 29, 2009.


Slither (2006 movie)

Slither is a 2006 science fiction horror movie directed by James Gunn. It didn’t do well at the box office but got a cult following.


The Matrix Resurrections

The Matrix Resurrections is a 2021 movie that was written and directed by Lana Wachowski. It is the sequel to "The Matrix Revolutions".


Ademola Okulaja

Ademola Okulaja (10 July 1975 – 16 or 17 May 2022) was a Nigerian-born German professional basketball player. The last team he played for were the Brose Baskets of the Basketball Bundesliga. He played as a forward. Okulaja made 172 appearances for the German national team. 

Okulaja died on 16 or 17 May 2022 in Berlin, Germany at the age of 46.

Rolands Kalniņš

Rolands Kalniņš (7 May 1922 – 17 May 2022) was a Latvian movie director, screenwriter and producer. He was born in Vecslabada, Latvia. His movies "Stone and Rubble" and "Breathe Deeply" were extremely controversial. 

Kalniņš turned 100 on 7 May 2022. He died ten days later on 17 May.

Faouzi Mansouri

Faouzi Mansouri (; 17 January 1956 – 18 May 2022) was an Algerian professional footballer. He played as a defender. He played with Montpellier. He also appeared in the Algeria national team thirteen times between 1981 until 1986. 

Mansouri died on 18 May 2022 at the age of 66.

Marnie Schulenburg

Marnie Schulenburg (May 21, 1984 – May 17, 2022) was an American actress. She was known for her role as Alison Stewart on the CBS soap opera "As the World Turns" from 2007 until 2010. Schulenburg was born in Cape Cod, Massachusetts. Her career began in 2007. She also had roles in "One Life to Live" and "Tainted Dreams".

Schulenburg was diagnosed with terminal breast cancer in May 2020. She died from the disease at a hospital in Bloomfield, New Jersey, four days before her 38th birthday.

Bloomfield, New Jersey

Bloomfield is a township in Essex County, New Jersey, United States. As of the 2020 United States Census, the township's population was 53,105.

Benjamin Diskin

Benjamin Isaac Diskin (born August 25, 1982) is an American actor. He is known for his roles as Junior Healy in the USA Network animated series "Problem Child", Eugene in "Hey Arnold!", Numbuh 1 and Numbuh 2 in "", Venom/Eddie Brock in "The Spectacular Spider-Man", Hahn in "", M'comm M'orzz/Ma'alefa'ak in "Young Justice" and Gonzo and Rizzo in the 2018 revival of "Muppet Babies".

Domingo Villar

Domingo Villar (6 March 1971 – 18 May 2022) was a Spanish crime writer. He was born and raised in Vigo, Galicia, Spain. He was known for his novels about Inspector Leo Caldas his assistant Rafael Estévez. Many of his books were published in Galician before being translated into Spanish. 

Villar died in Vigo on 18 May 2022 from a stroke he had two days before, at the age of 51.

Sidney Kramer

Sidney Kramer (July 8, 1925 – May 16, 2022) was an American Democratic politician and politician. He was a member of the Maryland Senate from 1978 until 1986. He was also the county executive for Montgomery County from 1986 until 1990. Kramer was born in Washington, D.C..

Kramer died on May 16, 2022 at his home in Rockville, Maryland at the age of 96.

Countries playing Australian rules football

This is a list of countries playing Australian rules football.

Tadj ol-Molouk

Task ol-Molouk was the mother of shah Mohammad Reza Pahlavi of Iran.

Urgell

Urgell is a county in the province of Catalonia, Spain. It covers 580sq km.

Religious democracy

Religious democracy or religious republic is a form of government in which the state's laws and decisions are directly affected by the values and theology of a given religion. Modern examples of religious democracies include


Figurehead

Figurehead can refer to

Ornament

An ornament is an object, such as a sculpture, that is purely for decoration.

Decoration

Decoration may refer to:


Brisbane Lions

The Brisbane Lions are a professional Australian rules football club from Brisbane, Queensland, that plays in the Australian Football League (AFL). The club was formed in 1996 when the Fitzroy Lions and the Brisbane Bears merged. They are the most successful AFL club in the 2000s, having been in four AFL Grand Finals in a row, winning in 2001, 2002 and 2003 (although losing the 2004). Their current home ground in the AFL is The Gabba and their current home ground in the AFLW is Hickey Park.

The club song, "The Pride of Brisbane Town", is sung to the tune of the French national anthem, "La Marseillaise". The lyrics to the song are below.
<poem>
"We are the pride of Brisbane Town,"
"We wear maroon, blue and gold."
"We will always fight for victory,"
"Like Fitzroy and Bears of old."
"All for one and one for all,"
"We'll answer to the call."
"We're the Lions, the Brisbane Lions,
"We'll kick the winning score"
"You'll hear our mighty roar!"
</poem>



I Remember Everything, Richard

I Remember Everything, Richard () is a 1966 Latvian World War II movie directed by Rolands Kalniņš and starring Eduards Pāvuls, Antra Liedskalniņa, Harijs Liepiņš, Pauls Butkēvičs, Uldis Pūcītis.


Sydney Swans

The Sydney Swans are a professional Australian rules football club from Sydney, New South Wales, that plays in the Australian Football League (AFL).

<poem>
"Cheer, cheer the red and the white,"
"Honour the name by day and by night,"
"Lift that noble banner high,"
"Shake down the thunder from the sky"
"Whether the odds be great or small,"
"Swans will go in and win overall"
"While her loyal sons are marching"
"Onwards to victory."
</poem>



Gold Coast Suns

The Gold Coast Suns are a professional Australian rules football club from the Gold Coast, Queensland, that plays in the Australian Football League (AFL).

<poem>
"We are the suns of the Gold Coast sky"
"We are one in the red, gold and blue"
"We are the mighty Gold Coast Suns"
"We play to win the flag for you"
"Fight! Fight! Fight!"
"Till we hold up the cup"
"Run, run, run all the way"
"Hey, we are the suns of the Gold Coast sky"
"We're the team who never say "die"!"
</poem>



Melbourne Demons

The Melbourne Football Club, nicknamed the Melbourne Demons, are a professional Australian rules football club from Melbourne, Victoria, that plays in the Australian Football League (AFL). They are the current premiers, winning the 2021 AFL Grand Final.



Port Adelaide Power

The Port Adelaide Power are a professional Australian rules football club from Alberton, a suburb of Adelaide, South Australia, that plays in the Australian Football League (AFL).



Western Bulldogs

The Western Bulldogs are a professional Australian rules football club from Footscray, a suburb of Melbourne, Victoria, that plays in the Australian Football League (AFL).

The club song, "Sons of the West", is sung to the tune of "Sons of the Sea".
<poem>
"Sons of the west,"
"Red, white and blue,"
"We come out snarling, Bulldogs through and through."
"Bulldogs bite and Bulldogs roar, we give our very best."
"But you can't beat the boys of the Bulldog breed,"
"We're the team of the mighty West!"
</poem>



List of Meitei people

This is a list of notable Meiteis (Manipuri language speaking people).
















Maeve

Maeve (also Maev; pronounced "MAY-V", rhyming with "cave") is a female given name of Irish origin. It is from the Irish name "Méabh" (spelled "Meadhbh" in early modern Irish and "Medb" in old Irish). In Irish mythology Medb was a queen who was thought to have once been a sovereignty goddess. Maeve is an increasingly popular and unique name with a rich history and meaning of Irish origin. In this article, we will delve into the significance of the name Maeve in Irish culture and explore its meaning.The name Maeve comes from the Gaelic name Medb, which translates to "intoxicating" or "she who intoxicates". According to Irish mythology, Maeve was the queen of Connacht and was renowned for her beauty, strength, and cunning. As a powerful and influential figure, she was both respected and feared by her enemies. This name was ranked #124 on the US Popular Names in 2021.

Ireland: The spelling "Maeve" was a top 100 girls' name in most years between 1964 and 2009. "Meabh" was 99 on the list of popular girls' names in 2020.

Northern Ireland: "Maeve" was in the top 100 between 1997 and 2004. "Meabh" was 44th in 2017.

United States: "Maeve" was among the top 500 girls' names from 2013 and in the top 150 in 2021.



Mecha Builders

Mecha Builders (also known as Sesame Street Mecha Builders) is a Canadian computer-animated children's television series. It is also a spin-off of "Sesame Street". It began production in May 2020. The series is co-produced by Canada Based-Studio Studio Nelvana In Association with TVOKids Access Knowledge Network and SCN

The project was announced in October 2019. Visual development was started remotely, due to the COVID-19 pandemic. The series intended to add 80 staff as it entered production.

The show premiered on April 30, 2022 on Cartoon Network within its Cartoonito pre-school block. The series is also available on the streaming service HBO Max. A sneak peek of the first episode was released on April 26, 2022.

TVOKids Knowledge Kids Télé-Québec Citytv Saskatchewan Family Chargd Treehouse CTV 2 Alberta and CKVU-DT (Canada) Cartoon Network and HBO Max (United States) ATV (Turkey) Zee TV and Zee Tamil (India) Australian Broadcasting Corporation (Australia) Television New Zealand (New Zealand) Thai Public Broadcasting Service (Thailand) Educational Broadcasting System (South Korea) France 4 and TF1 (France) 

Microsoft Office 2013

Microsoft Office 2013 is an previous version of Microsoft Office developed by Microsoft, it was release of worldwide on January 29, 2013, succesor by Microsoft Office 2016. Mainstream support of Microsoft Office 2013 will be ended on April 10, 2018 and extended support ended on April 11, 2023.

In late December 2012, Microsoft announced that Microsoft Office 2010 will replaced of old version to Microsoft Office 2013, they was release in January 29, 2013. After release Office 2013 Preview on December 11, 2012.

In November 2022, Microsoft announced they will be discontinued of Microsoft Office 2013 in all operating system on April 11, 2023 because was no longer supported after release in 2013, 10 years ago. However, after ended support. Microsoft still released update monthly of Microsoft Office 2013 after ended until October 2023.


Scinax cruentommus

The Manaus snouted tree frog ("Scinax cruentommus") is a frog. It lives in the Amazon Basin in Colombia, Brazil, Peru, and Ecuador. Scientists think it might also live in Venezuela.

Analog hole

The analog hole (also known as the analog loophole or analog gap) is a vulnerability in copy protection systems for digital formats. It can be used to copy protected works using analog means. When digital information is changed to a form that can by seen or heard by people, it is easy to recapture that analog version in a form that is not protected. This can be done to bypass any restrictions placed on copyrighted digital work. Publishers who use digital rights management (DRM) to limit how a work can be used admit that the need to make something be able to be seen or heard is a "hole" in the protection that DRM gives them .

Casuarina

Casuarina is a genus of 17 tree species in the family Casuarinaceae. They are native to Australia, the Indian subcontinent, southeast Asia, islands of the western Pacific Ocean, and eastern Africa.

This was once the only genus in the family, but it is now split into four genera.

They are evergreen shrubs and trees growing to tall. 

The flowers have no petals. They are in small catkin-like inflorescences. Most species are dioecious, but a few are monoecious. 

The fruit is a woody, oval structure. It looks a bit like a conifer cone. It has many carpels, each with a single seed and a small wing.

InfoWars

InfoWars is an American far-right website owned by Alex Jones. It was founded in 1999.

Medina College

Medina College, originally designed as a 6th Form College in the 1970s is a high school located on the Isle of Wight. On the 28th July 2021 the school, along with other schools on the island was cyber attacked. The culprits are now thought to be a Russian organisation.

The school has failed to achieve a grade of "Outstanding" from Ofsted since 2008, more commonly falling within the "Requires Improvement" category. The current head of school is Mr. Matthew Parr-Burman, currently the Executive Headteacher of the Isle of Wight Education Federation. In the 1990s the school suffered from failing finances and Richard Williams was brought in as head of school in 2002 before stepping down in 2010.
The school is part of a federation (Isle of Wight Education Federation) with two other schools on the Isle of Wight: Island Innovation IVth Form and Carisbrooke College. Until his death Anthony Minghella was the school's patron.

Catkin

A catkin is a slim flower cluster (a "spike")
which is usually wind-pollinated. Sometimes it is insect-pollinated. They have many flowers arranged closely along a drooping central stem. Usually, they are unisexual.

They are found in many plant families, including the Betulaceae, Fagaceae, Moraceae, and Salicaceae. The catkin flower arrangement has arisen at least twice independently by convergent evolution, in the Fagales and in Salicaceae.

Bombing of Granollers

The Bombing of Granollers took place during the Spanish Civil War on 31 May 1938. The Italian "Aviazione Legionaria" bombed the town of Granollers. There were between 100 and 224 civilian deaths.

Romford (UK Parliament constituency)

Romford is a United Kingdom parliamentary constituency. It is located in south east England, in the north east of the city of London.

This seat was created in 1885.

It is currently held by a Conservative Member of Parliament.

Mountain bike

A mountain bike (or mountain bicycle) is a type of bicycle that is made for riding off-road. Mountain bikes are like other bicycles, but are usually stronger and heavier. Mountain bikes usually have suspension, stronger brakes, bigger tires, and a stronger frame than most other bicycles. 

While they can be used like a normal bicycle, mountain bikes are usually used for mountain biking.

Tremp

Tremp () is a municipality in Catalonia, Spain, it is the capital of the "comarca" of Pallars Jussà.

Comarques of Catalonia

Comarques (singular comarca, ) are administrative subdivisions of Catalonia. There are currently 42 comarques in Catalonia.

Fidesz–KDNP

Fidesz–KDNP Party Alliance (), is a national conservative political alliance of two political parties in Hungary, the Fidesz and the Christian Democratic People's Party (KDNP). 

Raudonė Castle

Raudonė Castle is a castle in Lithuania. It is now a school.

2022 Hungarian presidential election

An indirect presidential election happened in Hungary on 10 March 2022. 

Katalin Novák became the first female President of Hungary after winning an absolute majority of the vote.

Carlo Bonaparte

Carlo Bonaparte (; 27 March 1746 – 24 February 1785) was a Corsican lawyer and diplomat. He is the father of Napoleon Bonaparte and grandfather of Napoleon III.

Alex Bowman

Alex Michael Bowman (born April 25, 1993) is an American race car driver. He drives the No. 48 Chevrolet Camaro ZL1 for Hendrick Motorsports in the NASCAR Cup Series, the No. 88 Chevrolet Camaro for JR Motorsports in the NASCAR Xfinity Series, and the No. 7 Chevrolet Silverado for Spire Motorsports in the NASCAR Truck Series. He has had arguments with drivers before. Fellow driver Denny Hamlin called him "Just a hack. An absolute hack." 

Republic of Genoa

The Republic of Genoa ( ; ; ) was a medieval republic from the 11th century to 1797 in Liguria on the northwestern part of the Italian peninsula. 

Genoa was a powerful country, it created many colonies throughout the Mediterranean and the Black Sea, including Corsica from 1347 to 1768, Monaco, Southern Crimea from 1266 to 1475 and the islands of Lesbos and Chios from the 14th century to 1462 and 1566.

Languages of Spain

The languages of Spain are shown in the box to the right. Most of these languages are part of the Romance language family. 

The Spanish language (also known as "Castilian") is the only language with official status in Spain. Some other languages have co-official or recognised status in some parts of the country.

Vangelis

Evángelos Odysséas Papathanassíou ( ; 29 March 1943 – 17 May 2022), known professionally as Vangelis ( ; ), was a Greek musician and composer. His music was electronic, progressive, ambient, jazz, and orchestral. He was best known for his Academy Award-winning score to "Chariots of Fire" (1981), as well as for composing scores to the movies "Blade Runner" (1982), "Missing" (1982), "Antarctica" (1983), "The Bounty" (1984), "" (1992), and "Alexander" (2004).

He also composed music for documentaries such as "" by Carl Sagan. He was born in Agria, Hellenic State (present-day Agria, Greece). His career began in 1963.

Vangelis died on 17 May 2022 at a hospital in Paris, France from heart failure while receiving treatment for COVID-19, aged 79.

Vangelis stated composers like Hans Stockhausen, Delia Derbyshire, Michel Legrand, Klaus Schulze, Soft Machine, Brian Eno, Jerry Goldsmith, Morton Subotnick, Max Corbacho and Neu! as influences.

Lance Kramer

'Lance Kramer' is an animation director on The Simpsons and Futurama. He was as an additional sequence director for The Simpsons Movie. He also worked as an assistant animator on The Last Traction Hero

Michael Sze

Michael Sze Cho-cheung, GBS, CBE, ISO, JP (; 23 June 1945 – 19 May 2022) was a Hong Kong politician. 

Sze was the Secretary for Constitutional Affairs from 1991 to 1994 and Secretary for the Civil Service from 1994 to 1996. He was Executive Director of the Trade Development Council (DTC) from 1996 to 2004 and chairman of the Operations Review Committee of the Independent Commission Against Corruption (ICAC) until 2014.

Sze died on 19 May 2022 in Hong Kong, aged 76.

Go Big or Go Homer

'"Go Big or Go Homer"' is the second episode of the thirty-first season of the American animated television series The Simpsons, and the 664th episode overall. It aired in the United States on Fox on October 6, 2019. The writer was John Frink.

This episode was dedicated to Jessye Norman.

John Frink

John Frink (born May 5, 1959) is an American television writer and producer. He has written several episodes of the American animated sitcom "The Simpsons", many of which he co-wrote with his former writing partner Don Payne. Frink and Payne started their career in television writing for the short-lived sitcom Hope and Gloria. They wrote their first episode of The Simpsons in 2000, and Frink still works on the show as a writer and executive producer.
Frink wrote the following episodes:

Frink wrote the following episodes:


Akebi

Purple Akebi is a cylindrical to oblong fruit, averaging 10-13 centimeters in length, that delicately hangs from trailing vines. There are multiple varieties of akebi fruit varying in size and appearance, but the skin is generally thick, spongy, and semi-firm with a soft give when squeezed. Five-leaf Akebia and Three-leaf Akebia are the plants that produce Akebi fruit.

Akebi fruits vary greatly in flavor, even within the same species. Some fruits have a complex flavor resembling passionfruit, banana, and lychee, while some have been described as flavorless.

Akebi can be used in many ways, from stuffing or deep frying the rinds, to mixing the pulp with other fruits and ingredients to make smoothies and other drinks. Even the young shoots and leaves are used in pickling or teas.

Ed Sanders

Edward Sanders (born August 17, 1939) is an American poet, singer, social activist, environmentalist, author, publisher and longtime member of the band the Fugs. He is a well known figure in the Beat and hippie generations. Sanders was very active in the beginning of the counterculture's creation.


Jamie Campbell Bower

James Metcalfe Campbell Bower (born 22 November 1988) is an English actor, singer, and model. He is best known for his roles as Anthony Hope in "", Caius in "The Twilight Saga", the young Gellert Grindelwald in "Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows – Part 1" and "".

John Aylward

John Aylward (November 7, 1946 – May 16, 2022) was an American actor. He was best known for playing the former DNC chairman Barry Goodwin on the NBC television series "The West Wing" and for playing Dr. Donald Anspaugh on the NBC television series "ER". He was born in Seattle, Washington.

Aylward died in Seattle on May 16, 2022, at the age of 75.

Slovenian Democratic Party

The Slovenian Democratic Party (, SDS), formerly the Social Democratic Party of Slovenia (, SDSS), is a conservative political party in Slovenia. 

It has been described as nationalist and right-wing populist, encompassing both national and social conservatism. Led by former Prime Minister of Slovenia Janez Janša, the SDS is a member of the European People's Party (EPP), Centrist Democrat International and International Democrat Union.

Aseff Ahmad Daula

Sardar Asif Ahmad Ali Daula (21 October 1940 – 19 May 2022) was a Pakistani politician. He was the 18th Foreign Minister of Pakistan from 1993 to 1996. He was a senior member of Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf and Pakistan Peoples Party. He was elected to the National Assembly of Pakistan from Kasur in 1994 and again in 2008. He also was the Minister for Education and Federal Minister of Information Technology and Telecommunication between 2008 and 2010.

Daula died on 19 May 2022 at the age of 81.

HBO Kids

HBO Kids (formerly Jam) is an American television block for children. It is operated by Home Box Office, Inc. (HBO). The block is shown in the mornings. HBO Kids runs on HBO Family, HBO's sister station for children and families.

The block runs from 6:00 am to between 8:00 and 9:00 am (ET) on weekdays. The programs on the block are not shown in a standard half-hour timeslot. The block used to have an weekday 4pm timeslot. That timeslot was filled with "The Electric Company". The block used to also air on weekends until October 2020.


Pikwik Pack

Pikwik Pack is a Canadian animated children's television series.

Pikwik Pack was created by Mary Bredin, Frank Falcone and Rachel Reade Marcus. It was produced by Corus Entertainment and Guru Studio. The series premiered on Disney Junior in the United States on November 7, 2020, and on Treehouse TV in Canada on December 26, 2020 and of United Kingdom on Tiny Pop. It will air on TruTv for kids on July 15, 2023. It will return to the United States to premiere on TLC on Sunday, May 16 2023, as a part of the TLC for kids block.

The Pikwik Pack includes four colorful animal friends. Suki is a thoughtful hedgehog, Axel is a fearless raccoon, Tibor is a reliable hippo, and Hazel is an adventurous cat. They travel by land, sea, and air in their various vehicles to deliver packages. The difficulty can be rough rapids, stormy skies, or a foggy forest, but when the Pikwik Pack work together, they always deliver!




Pikwik Pack: The Movie: Just Believe is a movie based on Pikwik Pack.
Carter, does not feel relaxed in Relaxing Ridge. Meanwhile, the Pikwik Pack must get to Relaxing Ridge, which is higher than they’ve ever gone before(save “Above and Beyond”). Then, the team must go along the Towering River. Suki, Axel, and Tibor do not think the team has the will to sail up the river, but Hazel tries to teach them that you can do anything - so long if you believe in yourself, and Suki, Axel, and Tibor get the message and to Relaxing Ridge with the impossible - not a single obstacle. Meanwhile, an unnamed shark wants to clear the Towering River without a single obstacle, just like the Pikwik Pack, yet he keeps falling down to the bottom of the river, and also gets Hazel’s message, and the shark sings a song called You Are The Magic. He FINALLY makes it to Relaxing Ridge, making the delivery, reprising You Are The Magic after that, and ending the film.


Nina Ynares

Nina Ricci Ynares (born October 20, 1970) is the Governor of Rizal in the Philippines. She start in office as Governor in June 30, 2022. She is the successor of the incumbent Governor, and is his mother Rebecca "Nini" Alcantara Ynares.

Nina Ricci Ynares was born in September 1970 in Rizal or Quezon City. She is the first daughter of Mr.Casimiro and Mrs.Rebecca Ynares.

In 1992 Rizal local elections her father Casimiro Ynares Jr. run as Governor and win and re-elect in 1995, 1998 and 2001. In 2001 Rizal local elections her mother Rebecca Ynares run the election and won in 2004 Rizal local elections his father Casimiro Ynares Jr. run again and won. In 2007 Rizal local elections his younger brother Casimiro Ynares III and won and run again in 2010. In his mother Rebecca Ynares run and won and run in 2016, 2019.

In 2022 Rizal local elections she run as Governor of Rizal and won.





Acacia pycnantha

Acacia pycnantha, the golden wattle, is a tree. It is the national plant of Australia. The tree is in the family Fabaceae, and is native to southeastern Australia. 

The plant grows to and has flattened leaf stalks (called phyllodes) instead of true leaves. The phyllodes are sickle-shaped, between long, and wide. 

The fragrant, golden flowers appear in late winter and spring, and then there are long seed pods. Plants are cross-pollinated by several species of honeyeater and thornbill. When birds visit nectaries, the phyllodes brush against flowers. This transfers pollen between them. 

The golden wattle is an understorey plant in eucalyptus forests. It is found from southern New South Wales and the Australian Capital Territory, through Victoria and into southeastern South Australia.

Hong Gi

Hong Gi (Hangul: 홍기, Hanja: 洪基) (3 March 1916 – 20 July 2004) was the wife of South Korean President Choi Kyu-hah. She was the first lady when Choi Kyu-hah was in office, from 1979 to 1980.

Hong Gi was born in 1916 in Chūshū, Chūseihoku-dō (today Chungju, North Chungcheong Province, South Korea), the eldest of three daughters of Hong Byung-soon and Kwon Jae-hee. Her grandfather was a known Chinese scholar, and she learned Chinese from a grown-up. As a result, she did not attend a regular educational institution.

In 1935, she married Choi Kyu-hah, who was three years younger than her. Between 1935 and 1943, Choi went to study at higher institutions in Japan and Manchukuo. During this time, she lived with her in-laws. In 1964, Choi was appointed as South Korean Ambassador to Malaysia. As a result, she went with her husband to Kuala Lumpur where they lived together. During this time, she learned English while serving as the wife of the ambassador to Malaysia, and happily served as the hostess as the ambassador's wife at the garden reception. On 1967, Choi was appointed as Foreign Minister.

On 1975, Choi was elected as the Prime Minister of South Korea. During this time, Hong took care of the kitchen and laundry herself. Hong's role may change a lot depending on the change of Choi's position, but she has always stayed in the shadows.

When Choi Kyu-hah became the acting President of South Korea after the assassination of Park Chung-hee in 1979, Hong became the First Lady of South Korea on December 6, 1979. Her tenure as First Lady is the shortest in South Korean history. During her time at the Blue House, Hong only took the lead in supporting nursing homes and orphanages, but refrained from outside activities. Secretaries who have been with her for 20 to 30 years remember her as an adult who is fair, respects principles, and has contributed greatly to helping her husband to be honest. On the other hand, she is evaluated by those around her as having a strong character that is as strong as a man.

She was forced to step down from her position as First Lady in August 1980, after Major General Chun Doo-hwan and close allies within the military staged a coup d'état against Choi's government in December 1979.

After stepping down as president, Choi and his family lived quietly out of the public eye. Hong Gi suffered from Alzheimer's disease in her later years. As a result, Choi took care of his wife, while at the same time looked after his ailing health also. Choi would often visit Seoul National University Hospital, where she was admitted to. She was the friend of Lee Hee-ho, wife of former South Korean President Kim Dae-jung.

On July 20, 2004, Hong Gi died of Alzheimers at the age of 88. Her remains were initially buried at the Seoul National Cemetery. When her husband died two years later, her remains were relocated and reinterred at a special tomb site alongside Choi in the Daejeon National Cemetery.==Personal life==
Hong and Choi Kyu-hah have three children: sons (Choi Yun-hong, Choi Jong-seok) and daughter (Choi Jong-hye).




Peter Nicholas (businessman)

Peter Michael Nicholas (May 16, 1941 – May 14, 2022) was an American businessman and philanthropist. He co-founded the medical device company Boston Scientific with partner John Abele in 1979. He died on May 14, 2022, two days before his 81st birthday.

Maphevu Dlamini

Maphevu Dlamini (31 March 1922 - 24 October 1979) was a Swati soldier and politician who became the second Swati to hold the office of Prime Minister in 1976.

Chellah

The Chellah or Shalla ( or ; ), is a medieval Muslim necropolis and ancient archeological site in Rabat, Morocco. It is located on the left side of the Bou Regreg estuary. The site is a tourist attraction and is part of a UNESCO World Heritage Site since 2012.

Francesco Saverio Nitti

Francesco Saverio Nitti (19 July 1868 – 20 February 1953) was an Italian economist and political figure. He was the Prime Minister of Italy between 1919 and 1920 as a member of the Italian Radical Party.

Nnaemeka Ikegwuonu

Nnaemeka Ikegwuonu is a Nigerian Business man and a radio broadcaster. He is the founder of Small Holders Foundation.
Nnaemeka Ikegwuonu is from an agricultural family in Imo State, Nigeria. He graduated from Imo State University as a Bachelor degree holder in History and International Studies. He also earn is master's degree in cooperation and development from the Institute for Advanced Studies at the University Of Pavia,in Italy in the year 2009. He attained some certificate in water resources management, poverty and human rights, and environmental education from various European universities.
Nnaemeka Ikegwuonu became an Asoka Fellow in 2008. He received an award from Rolex in 2010, Wise award in 2010 and the Yara Prize for Green Revolution in Africa. 

Scinax maracaya

The Alpinopolis snouted tree frog ("Scinax maracaya") is a frog. It lives in Brazil. It lives in the mountains in Minas Gerais.

Toyin Tofade

Toyin Tofade is a Nigerian professor 
born on the 8th of January 1969. She was the first black lady to become a president of the Albany college of pharmacy and health sciences. Toyin has three children named Shola Tofade, Sheun Tofade and Fola Tofade.She obtained a bachelor's degree in the pharmacy of Obafemi Awolowo university at ile-ife Osun state. She also had a Master's degree in the pharmacy practice and a doctor of pharmacy (pharm. d). And she also had a degree UNC Eshelman School Of Pharmacy ,chapel hill, In 2016,Tofade became the Dean and Professor at the Howard University of Pharmacy College in Washington DC . She begins her term on the 1st of June 2021.

Christopher Di Lascia who chaired the presidential commitee said, "Dr Tofade posses all the desired qualities including her deep commitment to academic scholarship ,and service. Toyin Tofade is a brilliant woman and knows almost everything about medicine which made her more famous. She has a husband that lives happily with is family. He is a well handsome man who does not complain about his wife's job and he's very calm and humble.

Segun Ogunsanya

Segun Ogunsanya is the managing director and chief executive officer of Airtel Nigeria, subsidiary of Indian telecommunications conglomerate, with subsidiaries in 14 Sub-Saharan African countries.
Segun Ogunsanya became CEO (Chief Executive Officer) of Airtel Africa officially on October 1, 2021.

Ogunsanya earned a Bachelor's degree in Electrical and Electronic Engineering from the University of Ife in 1987. He is also a Chartered Accountant by the rules of the Institute of Chartered Accountants of Nigeria.

Melfi

Melfi (Lucano: ) is a city and "comune" in the Vulture region of the province of Potenza of Basilicata. In 2015 it had a population of 17,768.

Eat Your Salad

"Eat Your Salad" is a song by the Latvian pop rap group Citi Zēni. Eat Your Salad represented Latvia in the Eurovision Song Contest in 2022. It made it to the first semi-final.

Catholic Church in France

The Catholic Church in France is part of the Catholic Church in communion with the Pope in Rome across the world. 

A list of Marian apparitions in France

Mick Schumacher

Mick Schumacher (born 22 March 1999) is a German racing driver who is a reserve driver for Mercedes. most recently raced for Haas F1 Team. He was born in Switzerland, but races as a German. He is the son of 7 time Champion Michael Schumacher.

Hispania

Hispania was the Roman name for the Iberian Peninsula and the provinces. Under the Roman Republic, Hispania was divided into two provinces: Hispania Citerior and Hispania Ulterior. 

During the beginning of the Roman Empire, Hispania Ulterior was divided into two new provinces, Baetica and Lusitania, while Hispania Citerior was renamed Hispania Tarraconensis. 

The Roman invaded the Iberian Peninsula in 218 BC and used it as a training ground for tactics against the Carthaginians, the Iberians, the Lusitanians, the Gallaecians and other Celts. 

Roman emperor Augustus was not able to complete the conquest until 19 BC. Much of Hispania remained autonomous until the end of the Cantabrian Wars.

In late 409 AD, the Germanic Buri, Suevi and Vandals moved into Iberia together with the Sarmatian Alans. The Suevi created a kingdom in Gallaecia and the Alans created a kingdom in Lusitania.

There were conflicts between the Chalcedonian natives and the Arian Visigoths. In 589, Recared renounced his Arianism and accepted Chalcedonian Christianity, this created an alliance between the Visigothic monarchy and the native Hispano-Romans.

On April 711, Berber Umayyad governor Tariq ibn Ziyad led around 1,700 soldiers and invaded southern Hispania from North Africa. The North Africans defeated the Visgothic army in the Battle at Guadalete in 712.

Area code 845

Area code 845 is an area code for New York. It was created in 2000 as a split from 914. It covers counties such as Rockland, Putnam, Delaware, Orange, Sullivan, and Columbia. It will be overlaid by 329 on March 24, 2023 due to the exhaustion of telephone numbers for the 845 area code.

Reccared I

Reccared I (or Recared; ; ; 559 – December 601; reigned 586–601) was Visigothic King of Hispania and Septimania. He converted from Arianism to Chalcedonian Christianity in 587. He died of natural causes in Toledo. He was married to Baddo. When Reccared I died his son Liuva II took over power.

Aquitani

The Aquitani were ancient people that lived in the region between the Pyrenees, the Atlantic Ocean, and the Garonne, in modern-day Aquitaine, France. 

Augusta Emerita

Augusta Emerita, also called Emerita Augusta, was an ancient Roman "colonia" (settlement) founded in 25 BC in present day Mérida, Spain. The city was founded by Roman Emperor Augustus and was the capital of the Roman province of Lusitania.


Iberians

The Iberians (, from , "Iberes") were pre-Indoeuropean people that inhabited on the Iberian peninsula.

Execution of Louis XVI

The execution of Louis XVI by guillotine is an important event of the French Revolution, it took place publicly on 21 January 1793 at the "Place de la Révolution" (renamed "Place de la Concorde" in 1795) in Paris. In 1791, Louis XVI tried to escape the French Revolution and terror with a carriage, he and his wife were caught by citizens of a village, even though they were close to escaping, Louis XVI was put on a trial, which lasted a month, after being convicted of high treason, he was sentenced to death by guilotine. 

At a trial on 17 January 1793, the National Convention convicted the king of high treason. No one voted "not guilty" but some deputies abstained. Louis XVI was condemned to death by a simple majority. The execution was performed four days later by Charles-Henri Sanson, who was the High Executioner of the French First Republic.

The song Viva La Vida by Coldplay is about this topic. Youtube Link: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dvgZkm1xWPE&ab_channel=Coldplay

Kawanishi, Hyōgo


From Japanese census data,


Julia van der Sprong

Julia van der Sprong (born 27 September 1999) is a Dutch wheelchair basketball player. She is a member of the Netherlands women's national wheelchair basketball team, and plays for SC DeVeDo in Ermelo. She won the gold medal at the 2020 Summer Paralympics. 

She also became world champion in 2018 and European champion in 2019. 

She plays in the Dutch Eredivisie national league, with her club SC DeVeDo.

Van der Sprong was born in 1999 in Gouda. Before her impairment she did hockey, roller skating and speed skating. After a field hockey training she lost feeling in her left leg and foot. She had an inflammation that damaged nerves in her spinal cord and resulted in her having to use a wheelchair. She tried playing wheelchair tennis and wheelchair racing and switched to wheelchair basketball in 2016 in Gouda.

She studied business administration at the Radboud University in Nijmegen.


Abdul Maliki

Abdul Maliki was born in 1914 and died in 1969. He was born in Nigeria and grew up to become a politician.

Maliki started his primary education at Okene elementary school in 1923, but finished in Bida Primary School in 1927 and later went to Teachers Training College Katsina in 1929. He went to England for local government training program. 

Abdul Maliki, started his teaching job in Okene middle school in 1935. Later in 1936 he was promoted to become the suppervisor for works in Okene untill 1939. 

Joel H. Cohen

Joel H. Cohen is a Canadian award-winning producer and writer. He has worked on "Saturday Night Live", "Suddenly Susan", and "The Simpsons".

Cohen was born in Canada. He is the younger brother of one-time "The Simpsons" writer Robert Cohen, who wrote the season three episode "Flaming Moe's".


! scope="row"|2002
! scope="row"|2006
! scope="row"|2007
! scope="row"|2008
! scope="row"|2010
! scope="row"|2011
! scope="row"|2012
! scope="row"|2012
! scope="row" | 2013
! scope="row" | 2013
! scope="row" | 2014
! scope="row" | 2015
! scope="row" | 2016
! scope="row" | 2017
! scope="row" | 2018
! scope="row" | 2019
! scope="row" | 2020
! scope="row" | 2021
! scope="row" | 2021

Tidewater accent

The Tidewater accent is a variety of English spoken in the Tidewater region of Virginia. It's a subvariety of Southern American English and features include:


High Tider

The High Tider accent, also Hoi Toider for the pronunciation of the "ai" dipthong found in the dialect, is a variety of Southern American English spoken in the Outer Banks of South Carolina and North Carolina. The High Tider accent can also be called the Ocracoke Brogue.




Charleston English

Charleston English or the Charleston accent is a sub-variety of Southern American English spoken by elderly natives of Charleston, South Carolina. It is one of the older "aristocratic" Southern accents with the following features





Canadian raising

The Canadian raising or Scottish raising is a type of pronunciation in certain dialects of English. For example, Scottish English and Canadian English. In these cases, the "ai" dipthong and "ou" dipthong is pronounced "higher" with the tongue than in other varieties of English. 

The raising of the "ai" dipthong makes it similar to "oi". The raising of the "ou" dipthong makes it similar to "oo" or "oa".

New Orleans English

New Orleans English refers to the range of accents native to the Greater New Orleans metropolitan area. It's often described as New York City English or the Boston accent mixed with Southern American English. Most subvarieties are non-rhotic.

Luigi Facta

Luigi Facta (16 November 1861 – 5 November 1930) was an Italian politician, lawyer and journalist. He was the last Prime Minister of Italy before Benito Mussolini.

Drawl

A drawl is the prolongation of certain vowels in certain dialects of English. Drawls are commonly associated with Southern American English, in which vowel breaking can occur. Vowel breaking is the addition of more sounds to the vowel.

Building extension

A building extension, extension or addition is a room or set of rooms built onto a house or similar building after initial construction has been completed. Adding onto a building is a popular remodelling project to increase space within the building. These extensions can be built onto the rear, sides or fronts of buildings or can be added vertically as new storeys.

Renovation

Remodelling, remodeling or renovation is the process of changing, adding onto, repairing or otherwise changing a building such as a house. Such renovations include


Attic conversion

Attic conversion or loft conversion is the process of turning an unfinished attic into a habitable storey. Such a project is usually undertaken to add more bedrooms to a dwelling.

Basement conversion

Basement conversion is the process of turning an unfinished basement into habitable space which is heated and cooled.

TV5Monde

TV5Monde (), known as TV5, is a French television network. It broadcasts French-language programming. It is an approved participant member of the European Broadcasting Union.

The network is available across Europe on satellite via Astra 19.2°E and Eutelsat Hot Bird (13°E) (both free-to-air), online and via TVPlayer.


The Psychopath

The Psychopath is a 1966 British crime horror movie directed by Freddie Francis and starring Patrick Wymark, Margaret Johnson, John Standing, Alexander Knox, Thorley Walters, Judy Huxtable. IT wa distributed by Paramount Pictures.


Reminder

Reminders are things to help you remember something. It may also refer to:


X: The Man with the X-Ray Eyes

X: The Man with the X-Ray Eyes is a 1963 American science fiction horror movie directed by Roger Corman and starring Ray Millard, Don Rickles, John Hoyt, Harold J. Stone, Diana Van der Vlis. It was distributed by American International Pictures.


List of Zimbabwe Test cricketers

This is a list of Zimbabwean Test cricketers.

A Test match is an international cricket match between two representative teams that are full members of the International Cricket Council (ICC). Both teams have two innings, and the match lasts up to five days.

The list is arranged in the order in which each player won his first Test cap. Where more than one player won his first Test cap in the same match, those players are listed alphabetically by surname.

Statistics are correct as of 11 July 2021.

Note:



Cover Up (1991 movie)

Cover Up is a 1991 American British Israeli action movie directed by Manny Coto and starring Dolph Lundgren, Louis Gossett Jr., John Finn, Peter Gilmore, Lisa Berkley, John Saint Ryan.


TiVi5 Monde

TiVi5 Monde (), stylized as TiVi5 MONDE, is an international pay television channel. It was launched at the end of January 2012.

The channel was launched by the Francophone network TV5 Monde, which is aimed mainly to French-speaking African children (4–13 years). Its main goal is to teach French to young children.

In the other regions, TiVi5 Monde is a block on TV5 Monde.

The channel was launched in the United States in 2012 on Dish Network.
On , the channel was launched in Africa on Canalsat Horizons, StarSat, and Zuku TV

TiVi5 Monde airs educational programs, cartoons, children's series and games. Starting 2016, 12% of the programs in the channel are African. All the programs are French-speaking; the channel doesn't make any French dubbing of American series. Its programs both playful and educational are broadcast without advertising.

This is a list of the programs formerly or currently broadcast on the channel:



Over the Top (1987 movie)

Over the Top is a 1987 American action drama movie directed by Menahem Golan and starring Sylvester Stallone, Robert Loggia, Susan Blakely, Rick Zumwalt, David Mendenhall, Terry Funk, Jimmy Keegan, Allan Graf. It was distributed by Warner Bros..


Aldosterone

Aldosterone is an important steroid hormone. It keeps sodium in the kidney, salivary glands, sweat glands, and colon.

It plays a central role in the homeostatic regulation of blood pressure, plasma sodium (Na), and potassium (K) levels. Indirectly, it influences water retention or loss, blood pressure and blood volume.

Built environment

The built environment or built world is the human made environment including all buildings, bridges, roads, transportation systems, machines, etc. The built environment is defined as the artificial spaces like structures, vehicles, etc in or on which people live, work and play on a daily basis and is distinct from nature.

Cisterna

A cisterna (plural: cisternae) is any membrane-bound sac. They can be found in the Golgi apparatus and in the endoplasmic reticulum. It is the flattened sac on the branch of the endoplasmic reticulum and the curved sac on the branch of the Golgi apparatus.

Cisternae are on the trans face of the Golgi apparatus. They are in the cytoplasm next to the endoplasmic reticulum and near the cell nucleus.

The cisternae play an important role in the packaging, modification, and transport in the cell. They help the transport of proteins and other enzymes from the Golgi. Cisternae transport proteins in the endoplasmic reticulum to the vesicles of the Golgi apparatus.

Brazier

A brazier is a container used to burn charcoal or any other solid fuel for cooking, heating or cultural rituals. It often takes the form of a metal box or bowl with feet. Its elevation helps to circulate air, giving oxygen to the fire. Braziers have been used since ancient times; the Nimrud brazier dates to at least 824 BC.

The word brazier is said in the Bible. The Hebrew word for brazier is believed to be of Egyptian origin, suggesting that it was imported from Egypt. The single reference to it in the Bible being the following verse:


Roman Emperor Jovian was poisoned by the fumes from a brazier in his tent in 364, ending the line of Constantine.

Yadav

Yadav (literally, descended from Yadu; also called Ahir or Yaduvanshi), is a caste/clan/tribe of the Indian subcontinent that is predominantly found in India, but also in Nepal and Pakistan. The Ahir/Yadavs were traditionally warrior-pastoralists. As the name of one of the five Aryan clans mentioned in the Rig Veda as Panchjanya, meaning "five people", It is the common name given to the five most ancient Vedic tribes. People of the Yadav/Ahir caste generally follow Vaishnav traditions. In the 1881 census records of the British Empire it is stated that "the Yadavas, who in their turn are identified with the Gwals and Ahirs, were the dominant race at that time. The Yadavs are Kshatriyas and a branch of the Lunar dynasty that descends from Yayati's oldest son Yadu, and parallels the branch (which includes the Kurus) that descends from Yayati's youngest son Puru.

The Yadavs, mentioned in the Mahabharata, were Pastoral-Kshatriyas among whom Krishna was brought up. The Gopas, whom Krishna had offered to Duryodhana to fight in his support when he himself joined Arjuna's side, were no other than the Yadavs themselves, who were also the Ahirs. In the Mahabharata it is mentioned that when the Yadavas (belonging to the Abhira group) abandoned Dwaraka and Gujarat after the death of Krishna and retreated northwards under Arjuna's leadership, they were attacked and broken up.Yadav single largest community/human race alive in the world.

Yadavs are the descendants of Yadu, the eldest son of King Yayati. It is said that Yadu was expelled by Yayati from his kingdom and became a rebel. His successor was Madhu, who ruled from Madhuvana, situated on the banks of river Yamuna, which extended up to Saurastra and Anarta (Gujrat). His daughter Madhumati married Harinasva of Ikshvaku race, from whom Yadu was born again, this time being ancestor of Yadavas. Nanda, the foster father of Krishna, was born in the line of succession of Madhu and ruled from the same side of Yamuna. Jarasandh, Kansa's father-in-law, and king of Magadha attacked Yadavas to avenge Kansa's death. Yadavas had to shift their capital from Mathura (central Aryavart) to Dwaraka (on the western coast of Aryavart) on the Sindhu. Yadu was a legendary Hindu king, believed to be an ancestor of the god Krishna, who for this reason is sometimes referred to as Yadava.

The Yadavs of the Mahabharata period were known to be the followers of Vaisnavism, of which Krishna was the leader. They were the gopas (cowherd) by profession, but at the same time they held the status of the Kshatriyas, participating in the battle of Kurukshetra. The present Ahirs are also followers of Vaisnavism. In the Epics and the Puranas the association of the Yadavas with the Abhiras (Ahirs) was attested by the evidence that the Yadava kingdom was " mostly inhabited by the Abhiras (Ahirs)".

In the Indian History particularly with reference to the Vedic period the Yadavs had a great past, a glorious past and Yadavas were known for their bravery and diplomatic wisdom. The Mahabharata period which was the period of Yadavas is known for republican and democratic government.

Ramprasad Chanda, points to the fact that in the Indra is said to have brought Turvasu and Yadu from over the sea, and Yadu and Turvasu are called Barbarian or Dasa. After analyzing the ancient legends and traditions he comes to the conclusion that Yadavas were originally settled in the Kathiawar peninsula and subsequently spread to Mathura.

Of the Yadus, Rigveda provides two very interesting data, first, that they were arajinah - without King or non-monarchical, and second that Indra brought them from beyond the sea and made them worthy of consecration. A. D. Pusalkar observed that Yadvas were called Asuras in the epic and puranas, which may be due to mixing with non-aryans and the looseness in observance of Aryan Dharma. It is important to note that even in the Mahabharata Krishna is called Sanghmukhya - Head of Sangh (congress). Bimanbehari Majumdar points out at one place in the mahabharata Yadavas are called Vratyas and at another place Krishna speaks of his tribe consisting of eighteen thousand vratyas. It is interesting to note that much later,

Abhira of Deccan were called Andhra-Vratyas, and Puranas refer to them as Vratyas on many occasions. A Vratya is one who lives outside the fold of the dominant Aryan Society and practice their own form of austerity and esoteric rites. some scholars conjecture that they might have been the source of non-aryan beliefs and practices introduced into Vedic religion.

Genetically, they are in Indo-Caucasoid family.￼

The Yadavs are divided into different subdivisions which have different ritual ranks (Yaduvanshi, Goallavanshi and Nandavanshi). There is nonetheless a strong belief amongst them that all Yadavs belong to.

The Haihayas were an ancient confederacy of five "gana"s (clans), who were believed to have descended from a common ancestor, Yadu. These five clans are Vitihotra, Sharyata, Bhoja, Avanti and Tundikera. The five Haihaya clans called themselves the Talajanghas According to the "Puranas", Haihaya was the grandson of Sahasrajit, son of Yadu. Kautilya in his "" mentioned about the Haihayas. In the Puranas, Arjuna Kartavirya conquered Mahishmati from Karkotaka Naga and made it his capital.

Later, the Haihayas were also known by the name of the most dominant clan amongst them — the Vitihotras. According to the "Puranas", Vitihotra was the great-grandson of Arjuna Kartavirya and eldest son of Talajangha. Ripunjaya, the last Vitihotra ruler of Ujjayini was overthrown by his "amatya" (minister) Pulika, who placed his son, Pradyota on the throne. The "Mahagovindasuttanta" of the "Dighanikaya" mentions about an Avanti king Vessabhu (Vishvabhu) and his capital Mahissati (Mahishmati). Probably he was a Vitihotra ruler.

In the Balakanda (70.28) of the Ramayana, the Shashabindus are mentioned along with the Haihayas and the Talajanghas. The Shashabindus or Shashabindavas are believed as the descendants of Shashabindu, a "Chakravartin" (universal ruler) and son of Chitraratha, great-great-grandson of Kroshtu.

The Chedis or Chaidyas were an ancient Yadava clan, whose territory was conquered by a Kuru king Vasu, who thus obtained his epithet, "Chaidyoparichara" (the overcomer of the Chaidyas) or "Uparichara" (the overcomer). According to the Puranas, the Chedis were descendants of Chidi, son of Kaishika, grandson of Vidarbha, a descendant of Kroshta. And the son of King Chidi was Maharaja DamGhosha (Father of Shishupal in Mahabharata). And then the lineage was called Hindu Ghosis.

According to the Puranas, the Vidarbhas or Vaidarbhas were descendants of Vidarbha, son of Jyamagha, a descendant of Kroshtu. Most well known Vidarbha king was Bhishmaka, father of Rukmin and Rukmini. In the Matsya Purana and the Vayu Purana, the Vaidarbhas are described as the inhabitants of Deccan ("Dakshinapatha vasinah").

According to the Aitareya Brahmana (VIII.14), the Satvatas were a southern people held in subjection by the Bhojas. The Satapatha Brahmana (XIII.5.4.21) mentions that Bharata seized the sacrificial horse of the Satvatas. Panini, in his "Ashtadhyayi" mentions the Satvatas also as being of the "Kshatriya gotra", having a "sangha" (tribal oligarchy) form of government but in the Manusmriti (X.23), the Satvatas are placed in the category of the "Vratya Vaishyas".

According to a tradition, found in the Harivamsa (95.5242-8), Satvata was a descendant of the Yadava king Madhu and Satvata's son Bhima was contemporary with Rama. Bhima recovered the city of Mathura from the Ikshvakus after the death of Rama and his brothers. Andhaka, son of Bhima Satvata was contemporary with Kusha, son of Rama. He succeeded his father to the throne of Mathura.

The Andhakas, the Vrishnis, the Kukuras, the Bhojas and the Surasenas are believed to have descended from Satvata, a descendant of Kroshtu. These clans were also known as the Satvata clans.

According to the "Ashtadhyayi" (IV.1.114) of Panini, the Andhakas were of the "Kshatriya gotra", having a "sangha" (tribal oligarchy) form of government In the "Drona Parva" (141.15) of the "Mahabharata", Andhakas were categorized as the "Vratya"s (deviators from orthodoxy). According to the Puranas, the Andhakas were the descendants of Bhajamana, son of Andhaka and grandson of Satvata.

According to the "Mahabharata", the allied army of the Andhakas, the Bhojas, the Kukuras and the Vrishnis in the Kurukshetra War was led by Kritavarma, son of Hridika, an Andhaka. But, in the same text, he was also referred as a Bhoja of Mrittikavati.

According to the Aitareya Brahmana (VIII.14), the Bhojas were a southern people, whose princes held the Satvatas in subjection. The Vishnu Purana (IV.13.1-61) mentions the Bhojas as a branch of the Satvatas. According to this text, Bhojas of Mrittikavati were descendants of Mahabhoja, son of Satvata. But, according to a number of other Puranic texts, the Bhojas were descendants of Babhru, grandson of Satvata. In the Adi Parva of the "Mahabharata" (85.3533) and in a passage of the "Matsya Purana" (34.30) the Bhojas are mentioned as the "mleccha"s. But another passage of the "Matsya Purana" (44.69) describes them as pious and the performers of the religious rites.

Kautilya in his (XI.1.5), describes the Kukuras as a clan, having "sangha" (tribal oligarchy) form of government, whose leader uses the title of ' ('). According to the Bhagavata Purana, the Kukuras occupied the territory around Dwarka. The Vayu Purana mentions that the Yadava ruler Ugrasena belonged to this clan ("Kukurodbhava"). According to the Puranas, Ahuka, an Kukura, had two sons by a Kashi princess, Ugrasena and Devaka. Ugrasena had nine sons and five daughters, Kamsa being the eldest. Devaka had four sons and seven daughters, Devaki was one of them. Kamsa usurped the throne of Mathura after imprisoning Ugrasena. But later he was killed by Krishna, son of Devaki, who re-installed Ugrasena to the throne.

The Nashik Cave Inscription of Gautami Balashri mentions that her son Gautamiputra Satakarni conquered the Kukuras. The Junagadh Rock Inscription of Rudradaman I includes the Kukuras in the list of the peoples conquered by him.

The Vrishnis are mentioned in a number of Vedic texts, which include the Taittiriya Samhita (III.2.9.3), the Taittiriya Brahmana (III.10.9.15), the Satapatha Brahmana (III.1.1.4) and the Jaiminiya Upanishad Brahmana (I.6.1). The Taittiriya Samhita and the Jaiminiya Upanishad Brahmana mention about a teacher, Gobala belonging to this clan.

Although, Panini, in his "Ashtadhyayi" (IV.1.114) includes the Vrishnis in the list of the clans of the "Kshatriya gotra", having a "sangha" (tribal oligarchy) form of government, but in the "Drona Parva" (141.15) of the "Mahabharata", the Vrishnis, like the Andhakas were categorized as the "Vratya"s (deviators from orthodoxy). In the "Shanti Parva" (81.25) of the "Mahabharata", the Kukuras, the Bhojas, the Andhakas and the Vrishnis are together referred as a "sangha", and Vasudeva Krishna as "Sanghamukhya" (seignor of the "sangha") According to the Puranas, Vrishni was one of the four sons of Satvata. Vrishni had three (or four) sons, Anamitra (or Sumitra), Yudhajit and Devamidhusha. Shura was son of Devamidhusha. His son Vasudeva was father of Balarama and Krishna.

According to the Harivamsa (II.4.37-41), the Vrishnis worshipped goddess Ekanamsha, who, elsewhere in the same text (II.2.12), described as daughter of Nandagopa. The Mora Well Inscription, found from a village near Mathura and dated to the early decades of the Common era records the installation of the images of the five Vrishni "vira"s (heroes) in a stone shrine by a person, named Tosha. These five Vrishni heroes have been identified with Samkarshana, Vasudeva, Pradyumna, Aniruddha and Samba from a passage in the Vayu Purana (97.1-2).

A unique silver coin of the Vrishnis was discovered from Hoshiarpur, Punjab. This coin is presently preserved in the British Museum, London. Later, a number of copper coins, clay seals and sealings issued by the Vrishnis were also discovered from Sunet, near Ludhiana.

The Shaineyas are believed to have descended from Shini, son of Anamitra, son of Vrishni. In the "Mahabharata" and the Puranas, the most notable Shaineya was Yuyudhana, son of Satyaka and grandson of Shini. He was a contemporary of Krishna. According to the Puranas, Asanga and Yugandhara were his son and grandson respectively.

A number of Puranas mention Akrura, a Vrishni, as the ruler of Dvaraka. His name is found in the Nirukta (2.2) as the holder of the jewel. In the Puranas, Akrura is mentioned as the son of Shvaphalka, who was great-grandson of Vrishni and Gandini. In the "Mahabharata", the "Bhagavata Purana" and the "Brahma Purana", he was mentioned as the keeper of the Syamantaka, the most well-known jewel of the Yadavas. According to the Puranas Akrura had two sons, Devavant and Upadeva.

According to the "Mausala Parva" (7.185-253) of the "Mahabharata" a few years after the "Kurukshetra War", Andhaka-Vrsni Yadava clans of Dvaraka were destroyed due to a fratricidal war. Both Balarama and Krishna died soon after this war. Later, son of Kritavarma became ruler of Mrittikavati and grandson of Yuyudhana became ruler of the territory near the Sarasvati River. The rest of the surviving Yadavas took refuge in Indraprastha. Vajra, great-grandson of Krishna was installed as their king.

Vajra is mentioned as the great-grandson of Krishna in the Vishnu Purana. According to a section of this text (IV.15.34-42), he was the son of Aniruddha and Subhadra. But according or another section (V.32.6-7), he was the son of Aniruddha and Usha, daughter of Bana and granddaughter of Bali. Bahu (or Pratibahu) was his son and Sucharu was his grandson. Elsewhere in this text (V.38.34), he was mentioned as installed as king in Mathura instead of Indraprastha.

The narrative of the Yadava fratricidal war is also found in two Jataka tales of the Pali Buddhist canon: the "Ghata Jataka" and the "Samkicca Jataka". According to the "Ghata Jataka", Vasudeva, Baladeva and eight other "Andhaka-Venhu" (probably, a corrupt form of "Andhaka-Venhi", Pali equivalent to Sanskrit Andhaka-Vrishni) brothers seized Dvaravati and killed its king Kamsa. Later, these brothers fought amongst themselves and except Vasudeva and Baladeva everybody died. Vasudeva and Baladeva also died soon after. The "Samkicca Jataka" mentions that the "Andhaka-Venhu"s killed each other. Kautilya also in his (I.6.10) mentioned about the destruction of Vrishni clan because of their foolhardiness.

According to a modern historian, Romila Thapar, the kinship system of the Yadavas shows traces of matrilineal structure, which is found from the mention of their cross-cousin marriages. This is particularly prohibited in the Indo Aryan kinship system. The Vishnu Purana mentions that Krishna married Rukmini, a Vidarbha princess. His son Pradyumna married Kakudvati, daughter of Rukmin, brother of Rukmini. Pradyumna's son Aniruddha married Subhadra, granddaughter of Rukmin.

Collegium musicum

A collegium musicum (plural: collegia musica) is a group of music lovers and musicians. They come together to perform music. There were many collegia musica in 18th-century Germany. They were often not employed by churches or noblemen.

Georg Philipp Telemann created a collegium musicum in Leipzig. Johann Sebastian Bach would later become the leader of this collegium.

Ottoman Turkey

The Ottoman dynasty rule of the Turkey lasted from 1299 to 1922. The Ottoman Turks, were the Turkic founding and most populated ethnic group of the Ottoman Empire.

Ottomans take their dynastic name, "Osmanli" from the house of Osman I. He reigned about 1299–1326. He was the founder of the House of Osman. This was the ruling dynasty of the Ottoman Empire for its 624 years. 

The Ottoman principality included other Turkish-speaking Muslims and non-Turkish Christians. Turks had advantages over non-Turks on issues like taxation, voting and legal rights. 

The Ottomans invaded Europe in the 1350s. They dominated the Mediterranean Sea. In 1453, they invaded Constantinople (the capital city of the Byzantine Empire). The Turks blocked all major land routes between Asia and Europe. West Europeans had to find other ways to trade with the East.

Scinax danae

The Bolivar snouted tree frog ("Scinax danae") is a frog. It lives in Venezuela. Scientists think it could also live in Guyana.

Lift Every Voice and Sing

"Lift Every Voice and Sing" is a hymn. James Weldon Johnson wrote the words of the hymn. His brother, J. Rosamond Johnson wrote the music. The hymn is from the point of view of African Americans, in the late 19th century. It is a prayer of thanksgiving, faithfulness, and freedom. Images in the hymn are from the book of Exodus in the Bible, where the people are freed from slavery, and led to the "promised land". 

The song was first performed in 1900. It has been popular in Black communities since then. In 1917, the NAACP began to promote the hymn as a "Negro national anthem". It has been part of 42 different Christian hymnals. Different African American singers and musicians have also performed it. 

James Weldon Johnson–Chair of the Florida Baptist Academy in Jacksonville, Florida, wanted to write a poem in memory of Abraham Lincoln's birthday. However, amid the ongoing civil rights movement; Johnson decided to write a poem which was themed around the struggles of African Americans after the Reconstruction era (including the passage of Jim Crow laws in the South). "Lift Every Voice and Sing" was first recited by a group of 500 students in 1900. His brother J. Rosamond Johnson later wrote music to go with the poem.

After the Great Fire of 1901, the Johnsons moved to New York City to work on Broadway. In the years that followed, "Lift Every Voice and Sing" was sung within Black communities; Johnson wrote that "the school children of Jacksonville kept singing it; they went off to other schools and sang it; they became teachers and taught it to other children. Within twenty years it was being sung over the South and in some other parts of the country."

A sculpture by Augusta Savage named after the song was shown at the World Fair in New York in 1939. It showed children singing, and the children stood in a group which was shaped like a harp. Savage was the only Black woman asked to make something for the Fair. The sculpture was called "The Harp" by organizers. Small copies of it and postcards showing it were sold at the fair. Like many other things shown at the fair, it was thrown away when the fair closed.

In 1919, the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People (NAACP) called "Lift Every Voice and Sing" the "Negro national anthem". It did this, because of the song's power in voicing a cry for liberation and affirmation for African American people. James Weldon Johnson would become the NAACP's first executive secretary the following year. It has also been called "the Black national anthem".

Calling the song "the Black national anthem" has been criticized. Timothy Askew, an associate professor at the historically Black Clark Atlanta University, argued that the use of the term "Black national anthem" could incorrectly say that Black communities wanted to separate from other Americans. In his view, the words of the hymn do not overtly refer to any specific race, and "identity should be developed by the individual himself, not by a group of people who think they know what is best for you." Because of this, the song has also been sung by people who are not African American. Some Conservative commentators have similarly criticized performances and references to "Lift Every Voice and Sing" as the "Black national anthem" as separatist and diminishing to "The Star-Spangled Banner" as the national anthem of the United States.

In response to Askew's remarks, the NAACP's then-senior vice president of advocacy and policy Hilary O. Shelton told CNN that the hymn "was adopted and welcomed by a very interracial group, and it speaks of hope in being full first-class citizens in our society", used in conjunction with the U.S. national anthem or the Pledge of Allegiance during public events, "It is evident in our actions as an organization and here in America it is evidence that we are about inclusion, not exclusion. To claim that we as African-Americans want to form a confederation or separate ourselves from white people because of one song is baffling to me."

In February 2022, Representative Jim Clyburn said that he wanted "Lift Every Voice and Sing" to become the "national hymn" of the United States.

In mid-2020, "Lift Every Voice and Sing" began to receive wider public attention amid nationwide protests over the police murder of George Floyd: it was sung during demonstrations and other events which were held in solidarity. Presidential candidate Joe Biden referenced the hymn in his action plan for addressing racial disparities in the United States, which was titled "Lift Every Voice: The Biden Plan for Black America". On June 19, 2020, Google featured a Juneteenth-themed animation on its home page, set to a spoken word rendition of the hymn's first verse by LeVar Burton. In 2021, Vanessa Williams sung "Lift Every Voice and Sing" on the PBS Independence Day special "A Capitol Fourth", marking the recognition of Juneteenth as a federal holiday.

The hymn also began to be used in sporting events: during NASCAR's 2020 Pocono 350, musicians Mike Phillips and West Byrd quoted "Lift Every Voice and Sing" as part of their rendition of "The Star-Spangled Banner", while the National Football League announced that "Lift Every Voice and Sing" would be played or performed as part of the pre-game ceremonies of all Week 1 games during the 2020 season. The decision came as part of a new social justice campaign being introduced by the NFL, stemming from the league's acknowledgements of the Black Lives Matter movement, and its handling of players taking a knee during the singing of the national anthem in order to protest against racial inequality and police brutality. The NFL's opening night kickoff game featured a filmed performance of the hymn by Alicia Keys at the Los Angeles Memorial Coliseum, which was later replayed as part of the pre-game show of Super Bowl LV on February 7, 2021. The NFL stated that it would again feature the hymn at Week 1 games and other "tentpole" events (including the NFL Draft and playoff games) during the 2021 season. Some African American fans who were interviewed by NBC News felt that the NFL's decision was "pandering" that would not have a material impact on the league's pursuits of social justice.


List of sovereign states and dependent territories in North America

This is a list of sovereign states and dependent territories in North America.


Emiliano Mercado del Toro

Emiliano Mercado del Toro (August 21, 1891 – January 24, 2007) was a Puerto Rican longevity record-holder and military veteran who was, at age 115, the world's oldest person following the death of 116-year-old Elizabeth Bolden on December 11, 2006, and the world's oldest man from November 19, 2004 (death of Fred H. Hale, Sr.) until his own death on January 24, 2007.

At the time of his death in January 2007, at the age of 115 years and 156 days, Mercado was the second oldest fully validated male ever, behind Danish-American Christian Mortensen's record of 115 years 252 days, Although Shigechiyo Izumi was still believed to be older at the time of his death. Izumi's record was withdrawn by Guinness World Records in 2010.

He is also the oldest validated person ever in the history of Puerto Rico. On 21 May 2006, he reached the age of 114 years, 273 days, surpassing the previous recordholder, Ramona Trinidad Iglesias-Jordan's final age.

He was the last remaining undisputed person born in 1891, and the last remaining undisputed male person born before 1895. After Mercado's death, Emma Tillman took over as the world's oldest person, but died 4 days later.


Hymnal

A hymnal is a collection of hymns. All the people ("the congregation") usually sing some of these hymns, during a Christian religious service. A hymnal is different form a song book; each group has its own hymnal. Groups who aren't religious also have hymnals: there's one for scouts, there are hymals for different student associations, or for soldiers. 

Hymnals usually contain the text of the hymn, and sometimes there are scores (which render the melody). For hymns that are well-known, the score may be missing.

2022–2023 monkeypox outbreak

An ongoing outbreak of monkeypox was confirmed on 6 May 2022 in the United Kingdom, beginning in a British resident who had travelled to Nigeria, where the disease is endemic, and while there, had symptoms of monkeypox on 29 April 2022. This person returned to the United Kingdom on 4 May, becoming the index case of the outbreak into the country.

Cases have been reported in many countries in Europe, with some in North and South America, Israel and Australia. Before the global outbreak, monkeypox was endemic in West and Central Africa.

On 20 May 2022, the World Health Organization (WHO) held an emergency meeting to discuss the outbreak. On 23 July 2022, WHO announced that the outbreak is a Public Health Emergency of International Concern.

The smallpox vaccine Imvanex (Jynneos) is 85% effective against monkeypox. The UKHSA has begun using Imvanex as post-exposure treatment for close contacts of known cases. There is no evidence that this vaccination will not be effective during this outbreak.


Endemic (epidemiology)

In epidemiology, an infection is said to be endemic in a population when that infection is not spread quickly or not a lot of people are infected for it to become a pandemic. For example, chickenpox is endemic (steady state) in the United Kingdom, but malaria is not. 

Monkeypox

Monkeypox is an infectious disease caused by the monkeypox virus that can happen in certain animals, including humans. Symptoms begin with fever, headache, muscle pains, swollen lymph nodes, and feeling tired. This is followed by a rash that forms blisters and forms a hard layer. The time from exposure to feeling these symptoms is around 10 days. The duration of symptoms is typically two to four weeks.

Monkeypox was first identified in 1958 among laboratory monkeys in Copenhagen, Denmark. Monkeys are, however, not a natural carrier of the virus. The first cases in humans were found in 1970 in the Democratic Republic of the Congo.

The 2022 monkeypox outbreak is the index case of widespread community transmission outside of Africa, which began in the United Kingdom in May 2022, with more cases confirmed in Europe, North America and Australia.

It can be successfully treated using preparations from the purple pitcher plant, which Native Americans used as a smallpox remedy.

Monkeypox virus

Monkeypox virus (MPV or MPXV) is a double-stranded DNA, zoonotic virus that causes monkeypox in humans and other animals. It belongs to the genus "Orthopoxvirus" in the family Poxviridae. It is not related to smallpox. Monkeypox disease is similar to smallpox, but with a milder rash and lower death rate.

Boeing Starliner

The Boeing CST-100 is a class of two partially reusable spacecraft designed to transport crew to the International Space Station (ISS) and other low-Earth-orbit destinations. It is manufactured by Boeing for its participation in NASA's Commercial Crew Program (CCP). 

In late 2019 the uncrewed Boeing Starliner Orbital Flight Test (Boe-OFT) launched on a Atlas V N22 and reached orbit, but the flight was not successful. NASA allowed Boeing a repeat test flight, Boe-OFT 2, which was to launch in August 2021, but was cancelled due to technical problems. OFT-2 ended up launching on 19 May 2022. 

Boeing Orbital Flight Test 2

The Boeing Orbital Flight Test-2 (also known as Boe OFT-2) is a repeat of Boeing's failed first Orbital Flight Test (OFT-1) of its Starliner spacecraft. The uncrewed mission is part of NASA's Commercial Crew Program. The Starliner OFT-2 mission launched 19 May 2022 at 22:54:47 UTC or (6:54:47 PM EST) and is planned to last one week. Starliner successfully docked with the International Space Station (ISS) on 21 May 2022 at 00:28 UTC or (8:28 PM EST).

Chete Lera

Ramón Mariano Fernández Lera (1949 – 19 May 2022), better known as Chete Lera, was a Spanish actor. He was "The Red Squirrel", "Secrets of the Heart", "Familia", "Barrio", "Open Your Eyes", "Flores de otro mundo", and "Full Moon". Lera was born in A Estrada, Spain.

Lera was killed in a car crash on 19 May 2022 in Rincón de la Victoria, Spain at the age of 72.

Jiří Zídek Sr.

Jiří Zídek Sr. (8 February 1944 – 21 May 2022) was a Czech professional basketball player and coach. He was inducted into the FIBA Hall of Fame in 2019. He played for the Czechoslovakia men's national basketball team in the 1972 Summer Olympics. Zídek Sr. was born in Prague.

Zídek Sr. died on 21 May 2022 in Prague, Czech Republic at the age of 78.

Glenn Hackney

Glenn Hackney (December 22, 1924 – May 20, 2022) was an American Republican politician. He was a member of the Alaska House of Representatives from 1973 to 1977 and the Alaska Senate from 1977 to 1981. 

Hackney was killed in a car crash in Fairbanks, Alaska on May 20, 2022 at the age of 97.

Aroha Reriti-Crofts

Dame Aroha Hōhipera Reriti-Crofts (née Crofts; 28 August 1938 – 20 May 2022) was a New Zealand community activist. She was the national president of the Māori Women’s Welfare League from 1990 until 1993. She was the active community worker for the Māori in New Zealand. Reriti-Crofts was born in Tuahiwi, New Zealand.

Reriti-Crofts died on 20 May 2022 in Christchurch, New Zealand at the age of 83.

Susan Roces

Jesusa Purificacion Levy Sonora-Poe (July 28, 1941 – May 20, 2022), better known by her screen name Susan Roces (), was a Filipina actress. She was known for her roles in "Ang Daigdig Ko'y Ikaw" (1965), "Gumising Ka Maruja" (1967), "Patayin Mo Sa Sindak Si Barbara" (1974), "Maligno" and "" (2003). Her adoptive daughter is Grace Poe.

Roces died on May 20, 2022 in Manila, Philippines from a heart attack at the age of 80.

Kirill Teiter

Kirill Teiter (25 August 1952 – 20 May 2022) was an Estonian politician. Teiter was born in Tallinn, Estonia. He was a member of the Riigikogu from 1992 until 1995. 

Teiter died on 20 May 2022 in Tallinn, aged 69.

Peter &amp; Lois' Wedding

"Peter & Lois' Wedding" is the sixth episode of the thirty-first season American animated television series Family Guy. Written by Mark Hentemann and directed by Joe Vaux, originally aired on on November 10, 2019, Fox In the episode, Peter and Lois tell the kids the story of how they met and fell in love. Guest Voices on Mike Judge as Beavis and Butt-Head
When the Wi-Fi goes out in the Griffin house, to keep the family entertained, Peter and Lois decide to tell the kids the story of how they met and fell in love in the '90s.

After graduating, Peter and his friends all move to the big city. But even after a break up with Lois, he still carries a torch for her. He works up the nerve to propose to her but finds that she's already engaged to Tom Tucker at the urging of her father. Peter makes a mix tape to win her back, but when things look settled, Carter plots to set Peter up.

Sending everyone to the MTV Beach House, Carter pays Daisy Fuentes to catch Peter in a compromising position, which infuriates Lois when she sees it. Following yet another breakup, Peter and his friends go into business and become tech entrepreneurs, but Peter still can't get over Lois. He interrupts her wedding to Tom Tucker to tell her he still loves her. She still refuses his advances, believing that he kissed Daisy. However, the latter informs her that she kissed Peter on Carter's orders, reconnecting the pair. They elope and are married at Fenway Park, despite some second thoughts from Lois who is already pregnant with Meg.

Homer the Vigilante

"Homer the Vigilante"' is the eleventh episode of the fifth season of the American animated television series The Simpsons. It originally aired on the Fox network in the United States on January 6, 1994. In the episode, a crime wave caused by an elusive cat burglar plagues Springfield. Lisa is distraught when her saxophone is stolen, and Homer promises to get it back. The police are ineffective, so Homer takes charge of a neighborhood watch. Under his leadership, it becomes a vigilante group which fails to catch the burglar. With the help of Grampa, Homer discovers that the burglar is a charming senior named Molloy. Molloy is arrested, but he outwits the citizens of Springfield and escapes.

Darlinghurst, New South Wales

Darlinghurst is an inner-city (central point of the city) and suburb of Sydney, New South Wales, Australia. Darlinghurst is east of the Sydney central business district (CBD) and Hyde Park, within the local government area of the City of Sydney. It is often by the nickname "Darlo".

Marrickville, New South Wales

Marrickville is a suburb in the Inner West of Sydney, in the state of New South Wales, Australia. Marrickville is south-west of the Sydney central business district and is the largest suburb in the Inner West Council local government area.

Richard Marles

Richard Donald Marles (born 13 July 1967) is an Australian politician who is the Deputy Prime Minister of Australia since 2022. He has also been deputy leader of the Australian Labor Party (ALP) since 2019. He was a parliamentary secretary from 2009 to 2013, and briefly was Minister for Trade in the second Rudd Government from June to September 2013.

2013 Australian federal election

The 2013 Australian federal election to elect the members of the 44th Parliament of Australia took place on 7 September 2013. The centre-right Liberal/National Coalition opposition led by Opposition leader Tony Abbott of the Liberal Party of Australia and Coalition partner the National Party of Australia, led by Warren Truss, beat the incumbent centre-left Labor Party government of Prime Minister Kevin Rudd.

The 44th Parliament of Australia opened on 12 November 2013, with the members of the House of Representatives and territory senators sworn in. The state senators were sworn in by the next Governor-General Peter Cosgrove on 7 July 2014, with their six-year terms commencing on 1 July.

Marco Cornez

Marco Antonio Cornez Bravo (15 October 1957 – 21 May 2022) was a Chilean football goalkeeper. He played for Club Deportivo Palestino, Universidad Católica, Club de Deportes Antofagasta, Everton de Viña del Mar and Municipal Iquique. He was a goalkeeper for Chile national football team at the 1982 FIFA World Cup. His international career lasted from 1982 to 1995. Cornez was born in Valparaíso, Chile.

Cornez was diagnosed with stomach cancer in 2021. He died on 21 May 2022 from the disease in Santiago de Chile, aged 64. 

Karlstad, Minnesota

Karlstad is a city in Kittson County, Minnesota, United States. The population was 710 at the 2020 census.

Hallock, Minnesota

Hallock is a city in and the county seat of Kittson County, Minnesota, United States. The population was 906 at the 2020 census.

María Isabel Rodríguez

María Isabel Rodríguez (born November 5, 1922) is a Salvadoran physician, academic, and politician. She was born in San Salvador, El Salvador. She was a member of the Legislative Assembly of El Salvador from 1956 until 1957, one of the first assemblywomen in the country. She was the Minister of Health and Social Welfare from 2009 until 2014 during the Mauricio Funes presidency.

List of Zimbabwe ODI cricketers

This is a list of Zimbabwean One-day International cricketers displaying career statistics for all players that have represented Zimbabwe in at least one One Day International (ODI). An ODI is an international cricket match between two representative teams, each having ODI status, as determined by the International Cricket Council (ICC). An ODI differs from Test matches in that the number of overs per team is limited, and that each team has only one innings. The list is arranged in the order in which each player won his first ODI cap. Where more than one player won his first ODI cap in the same match, those players are listed alphabetically by surname.

Statistics are correct as of 21 January 2022.



Israeli Network

The Israeli Network () is an international private television network. It launched September 2001 and features programming from all the top networks in Israel including Kan 11, Keshet 12, Reshet 13, Channel 10, Channel 8, Israeli Educational Television, Arutz HaYeladim, Hop! and Sports Channel.

The Israeli Network is available in North America; in the United States via Dish Network, Cablevision, Verizon FiOS & Comcast and in Canada via Rogers Cable & Bell Fibe TV through a partnership with Ethnic Channels Group. It is also available in Europe and Africa through select providers and now in Caribbean Latin America Middle East Asia and the Pacific.



List of Bahamas Twenty20 International cricketers

This is a list of Bahamas Twenty20 International cricketers.

In April 2018, the ICC decided to grant full Twenty20 International (T20I) status to all its members. Therefore, all Twenty20 matches played between Bahamas and other ICC members after 1 January 2019 are eligible for T20I status. Bahamas will play their first T20I matches in November 2021 during the 2021 ICC T20 World Cup Americas Qualifier in Antigua.

This list comprises all members of the Bahamas cricket team who have played at least one T20I match. It is initially arranged in the order in which each player won his first Twenty20 cap. Where more than one player won his first Twenty20 cap in the same match, those players are listed alphabetically by surname.

Mike B. Anderson

Mike B. Anderson (born 1973), sometimes credited as Mikel B. Anderson, is an American television director who works on "The Simpsons" and has directed numerous episodes of the show, and was animated first role in "Who Shot Mr. Burns?" And last role Halloween of Horror.

Lisa the Iconoclast

"Lisa the Iconoclast" is the sixteenth episode of the seventh season of the American animated television series "The Simpsons". It originally aired on the Fox network in the United States on February 18, 1996. In this episode, Lisa Simpson writes an essay on Springfield founder Jebediah Springfield for the town's bicentennial. While doing research, she learns he was a murderous pirate who viewed the town's citizens with contempt. Lisa and Homer try to reveal the truth about Jebediah but only anger Springfield's residents. It was originally advertised in commercials as a Presidents Day special episode. It aired the day before Presidents Day in the dream Who Shot Mr. Burns? Wait a minute.

The episode was written by Bill Oakley and Josh Weinstein directed by Jeffrey Lynch.
As Springfield celebrates its bicentennial, Miss Hoover assigns Lisa's second-grade class essays on Jebediah Springfield, the town's founder. Meanwhile, Mayor Quimby proclaims Homer the town crier during tryouts for historical figures in the town's upcoming celebration. Because his "criering" is better than Ned Flanders', Homer seizes Ned's heirloom hat and bell as props Lisa visits the town's historical society to research Jebediah's life. She meets the Antiquarian curator who gives her access to Jebediah's possessions. While playing his fife, she discovers his "confession" and his secret past as a pirate known as Hans Sprungfeld until 1796. After trying to kill George Washington, he wrote his confession on the back of Washington's portrait and hid it in his fife, thinking the "half-wits" of Springfield would never find it Lisa tries to convince the town her claims are true but is met with disbelief and outright hostility. When she shows the confession to Hollis Hurlbut, the museum curator, he dismisses it as an obvious forgery. Miss Hoover gives Lisa an F for her essay, which she derides as "dead white male bashing by a PC thug". Lisa conducts more independent research on Jebediah and discovers more secrets and that he had a prosthetic silver tongue. She persuades the municipal government to exhume his body to search for it. When the coffin is opened, his skeleton contains no silver tongue. Exasperated at Lisa's meddling of history, Quimby strips Homer of his "criering" outfit and duties After seeing the incomplete portrait of George Washington in her classroom, Lisa realizes the piece of paper containing the confession is the bottom half of the portrait. She confronts Hurlbut, who admits that he stole the silver tongue and hid it in the museum in order to protect his career and the myth of Jebediah. After realizing it is wrong to idealize and celebrate a pirate, Lisa and Hurlbut decide to reveal the true story of Jebediah's life. As Lisa is about to share the truth with the parading townspeople, a sniper takes aim, but is told to wait and see what she has to say. She realizes that Jebediah's myth inspires them and decides to keep the truth a secret. As a proud Homer watches her, he notices Ned in the parade acting as the town crier again. Irate, he pushes Ned out of the parade to take his place, and allows Lisa to ring Ned's bell while sitting on his shoulder.

Princess Unikitty

Princess Unikitty is a fictional character from the movie "The Lego Movie" and its own spinoff series "Unikitty!". She was voiced by Alison Brie in the movie series and Tara Strong in the animated series.

Unikitty lives in Cloud Coo-Coo Land in the first movie, and its own Unikingdom in the TV series.

Unikitty’s character received generally positive reviews who praised Brie’s performances.

Las Vegas Strip

The Las Vegas Strip is the most famous thoroughfare in Las Vegas and is lined with hotels, casinos, and other tourist attractions. It is 4.2 miles or 6.8 kilometers long.

Famous resort hotels include


Rao Laxmi Chand

Rao Laxmi Chand was an Yaduvanshi Ahir King of Delhi. He was the Leader of the Indian rebellion of 1857 in Delhi.

In addition to the troops stationed at his forts, he had an army of 15,000 infantry and 8000 cavalry when he died.

Rao Laxmi Chand was born in Najafgarh in Royal Yaduvanshi Ahir family. His Family traced roots from Karnawas Village in Rewari who later settled in Najafgarh to Rule Delhi.

Najafgarh Fort was built by Rao Puran Singh in 18th century. Najafgarh Fort is considered one of the strongest forts because the British could not capture it 3 times. Later after hanging Rao Laxmi Chand, the fort was demolished and his army was recruited by British.

Rao Laxmi Chand and his cousin Prank Sukh Yadav, fought against the British on 16 November 1857 in the field of Rajpath with an army of around 5,000 infantry and 3000 cavalry. To further fortify his armed strength, the Raja not only raised new levies but also collected as much as possible latest weaponry and other war material as was revealed from the recovery of large number of horses, bullocks, carts, English rifles and dresses from his fort after the British assaulted him.
After the Battle of Nasibpur fought by Rao Tula Ram(King of Ahirwal) and Rao Gopal Dev(King of Jhajjar-Hisar-Charkhi Dadri) against British was unsuccessfull due to attack by the Rajput, Sikhs and Jat soldiers who fought for the British, Prank Sukh Yadav joined Rao Laxmi Chand to attack British in Rajpath. On the first day i.e.16 November 1857, Rao Laxmi Chand forces were irresistible and the British forces scattered before them; several British Offices and Government Offices were captured by Rao Laxmi Chand. Most of the Governing building from where the top Birtish Officials controlled the Nation were captured. Britishers recruited a large number of Soldiers and attacked the buildings captured by him and His fort in Najafgarh on 22 December 1857 and defeated Rao's forces by 23 December 1857 by open bombing on the Revolutionaries.

After The British successfully defeated Rao Laxmi Chand, Britishers offered him to work for them and they will reciprocate the favour by again making him the King of West, South West and South Delhi as He had strong influence in the region and it would have been easier for the Britisher to Control the people but he denied and was hanged on 23 December 1857 in Rajpath.

The Taj Mahal was auctioned twice by the British in 1831, the condition of these auctions being that the person who buys the beautiful stones of the Taj Mahal would have to be handed over to the British government.
During that time, Rao Laxmi Chand, who went for shooting in Mathura district with his forces , made the highest bid and bought the Taj Mahal, that is why the Taj Mahal is still standing proudly in its country, otherwise Taj Mahal was about to be demolished.
On 23 December 1857, He was banged in Rajpath in Delhi by East India Company at the age of 47 fighting against the British and refusing to work for them.

Government of Delhi named a highway on the name Shaheed Rao Laxmi Chand Marg.
A park named on Rao Laxmi Chand is also in Delhi.
A Shahidi mela is held annually in December at Najafgarh district of Delhi to hounor the shaheedi of Rao Laxmi Chand.

Arcology

An arcology (portmanteau of "architecture" and "ecology") is a completely self sufficient building or complex which not only would provide the basic facilities of a city or town, but would also produce its own electricity and food as well as recycle its own waste. The building or compound would thus be akin to a self-contained ecosystem.

Many designs for arcologies have been proposed over the years. These include Broadacre City by Frank Lloyd Wright and Mile-high Chicago. The design for Mile-high Chicago was a tall building with 527 floor levels. Other examples include Tokyo SkyCity, SpaceCity 6000, Shimizu Mega-City Pyramid and Freedom Ship.

Memphis Pyramid

The Pyramid Arena or Memphis Pyramid is a pyramidal sports facility and store located in Memphis, Tennessee. The building has served numerous purposes since its construction in 1991. It's currently a Bass Pro Shops store that also includes restaurants, a campground-themed hotel, archery range, bowling alley and observation deck. When it first opened, the Memphis Pyramid was an indoor stadium capable of seating 20,142 people.

Campground

A campground is a park where people can rent sites to go camping. Usually, campers pitch tents or park travel trailers or motorhomes, but some campgrounds also offer shacks or cabins.

Motorhome

A motorhome, recreational vehicle or in British English, a caravan is a bus-like vehicle equipped for habitation, like a house on wheels. Typically, a motorhome will include a lounge area, dining area, small bathroom, a galley \kitchen and a corridor leading to a rear bedroom, though some have two or three bedrooms.
Motorhomes generally fall into four classes: Class A, Class B, Class B+, and Class C.
Class A Motorhomes are one of the biggest RVs and can accommodate up to eight people. They offer all the features of a small apartment with the largest square footage when it comes to RVs and reaching 29-45 feet in length. This class offers slide outs, bottom storage, various awnings, full kitchen & bathroom, as you will usually find a queen size bed in the master bedroom.
Class B Motorhomes, also known as van campers, are the smallest type of motorhome and can accommodate up to four people. They range from 18 to 24 feet in length, have a cabin that is smaller than what is offered under classes A and C, and use less fuel.
Class B+ Motorhomes are like bigger versions of Class B motorhomes and offer a different set of luxuries. They bring together characteristics of Class B and Class C motorhomes and can feature bigger kitchens, living space, sleeping space with twin beds/sofa beds, and a stand-up shower/bath combo.
Class C Motorhomes represent something of a middle ground between Class A and Class B. They are great for couples or a group of friends and can sleep up to eight people, which is why they are popular with timeshare arrangements that allow for fractional ownership between different families. They offer all the typical luxuries of Class A motorhomes as well as generous amounts of space and have the appearance of a larger van camper with an overhead cabin. 

Caravan (trailer)

A travel trailer or caravan is a trailer designed and built for short term habitation, like while camping. Such a trailer usually has a sleeping area (if not a full on bedroom), kitchenette, small bathroom and a living area. Unlike a motorhome, travel trailers don't run under their own power.

Active tense

Active tense may mean:


Corridor

A corridor, hallway or passage is a long and narrow room that leads to others in a building or large vessel.

Ryugyong Hotel

The Ryugyong Hotel is an unfinished triangular hotel in Pyongyang North Korea whose profile resembles a mountain or evil villain's lair. The 105 storey hotel has never been completed.

Qeqqata

Qeqqata (, "The Center", ) is a municipality in western Greenland. It was created on 1 January 2009. The municipality was named "Qeqqata" because it is in the central-western part of Greenland. Its population is 9,378 as of January 2020. The administrative center of the municipality is in Sisimiut (which used to be called Holsteinsborg).

Qeqqata was created on 1 January 2009. Kangerlussuaq and two older municipalities of western Greenland, Maniitsoq Municipality and Sisimiut Municipality, were combined to make Qeqqata. Kangerlussuaq used to be unincorporated, which means that it was not a part of any municipality.

Most of the settlements and trade in Qeqqata are along the coast.

Qeqqata borders Sermersooq municipality in the south and in the east. In the north, it borders the Qeqertalik municipality. The Davis Strait, which separates Greenland from Baffin Island, is to the west. It has an area of . This makes it it the second-smallest municipality of Greenland, after Kujalleq.

Qeqqata's municipal council has 15 members. They are elected every four years.



There are no roads between settlements. This is the same in all of Greenland. There are three airports in Qeqqata: Kangerlussuaq, Maniitsoq and Sisimiut. Kangerlussuaq is the international hub for Greenland. Other settlements have boats that take people to them.

A simple road for terrain vehicles between Kangerlussuaq and Sisimiut was approved in June 2020. The first 21 km of the road, which connecting Kangerlussuaq with the Tasersuaq area, will be built in July 2020.

Cisterna (disambiguation)

A Cisterna is a flattened membrane disk that makes up the Golgi apparatus, or one of the flattened membrane-enclosed sacs or tubes of the endoplasmic reticulum.

Cisterna may also refer to:



Cisterna d'Asti

Cisterna d'Asti is a "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Asti in the Italian region Piedmont, located about southeast of Turin and about southwest of Asti. On 31 December 2004, it had a population of 1,257 and an area of .

Cisterna d'Asti borders the following municipalities: Canale, Ferrere, Montà, and San Damiano d'Asti.

Tania Tinoco

Tania Tinoco (August 2, 1963 – May 21, 2022) was an Ecuadorian journalist, author, television producer, director, television and radio presenter, reporter, interviewer, and opinion leader. For more than 30 years, she has been known as the host of the Ecuavisa nightly newscast, "Televistazo". Tinoco was born in Machala, Ecuador.

Tinoco died on May 21, 2022 at a hospital in Cleveland, Ohio from cardiopulmonary arrest caused by arrhythmia, aged 58.

Monolithic dome

A monolithic dome is a one-piece structure shaped like the top half of a sphere. Monolithic domes are usually made of concrete and are a form of monolithic architecture that resists destruction. Disasters like hurricanes, tornados and earthquakes may destroy monolithic domes, but they are a very resistant form of building.

Monolithic domes are variation of geodesic domes.

Machala

Machala () is a city in south-west Ecuador. It is the capital of the El Oro Province. Machala has a population of 241,606 since 2010. It is called the "Banana Capital of the World".


Monolithic architecture

Monolithic architecture describes the branch of architecture that deals with structures that are sculpted, carved, excavated or cast for a single piece of material

Twelve churches in Ethiopia are monolithic, as are monolithic domes and many Hindu Temples.

Joe Hawke

Joseph Parata Hohepa Hawke (1940 – 22 May 2022) was a New Zealand politician and Māori land rights activist. He was a member of Parliament for the Labour Party from 1996 to 2002. In the 2008 Queen's Birthday Honours, Hawke was appointed a Member of the New Zealand Order of Merit.

Hawke died on 22 May 2022 at the age of 82.

Magnificent Mile shooting

On May 19, 2022, a mass shooting happened in Chicago, Illinois, United States, in the city's Magnificent Mile shopping district. Two people were killed, and eight others were injured. One person has been arrested with the weapon used for the shooting being taken by Chicago police.

The shooting took place outside of a McDonald's restaurant. It was caused after two groups of young people got into a fight.

After the shooting, the suspect ran from the scene and caused a chase between police officials to a nearby Red Line train subway station. During the chase, woman fell onto the tracks and was electrocuted. 

A suspect was arrested by police on May 20, 2022.

Pre-main-sequence star

A pre-main-sequence star known as a PMS star or PMS object, is a star when it has not reached the main sequence stage yet. Before, the object is a protostar. It grows by getting mass from the surrounding interstellar dust and gas.

After the protostar blows off the envelope, it will be visible. It then appears on the stellar birthline in the Hertzsprung-Russell diagram. At this point, the star has got nearly all of its mass. It has not started the nuclear fusion of hydrogen. The star then contracts. Its internal temperature rises until it begins burning hydrogen. The star is then in the pre-main sequence stage.

List of Namibia ODI cricketers

Since their first match in 2003, 36 players have represented Namibia in One Day Internationals (ODIs). 
A One Day International is an international cricket match between two representative teams, each having ODI status, as determined by the International Cricket Council (ICC). An ODI differs from Test matches in that the number of overs per team is limited, and that each team has one innings.
Namibia are associate members of the International Cricket Council (ICC). Namibia played their first ODI matches during the 2003 Cricket World Cup after qualifying by reaching the final of the 2001 ICC Trophy. At the World Cup, Namibia played in six One Day internationals (the ICC granted ODI status to all matches played at this competition). Namibia were defeated in each of their six matches; their best result came in a 55 run loss to England. These were the only ODI matches played by Namibia until they gained ODI status after reaching the final of the 2019 ICC World Cricket League Division Two.


Johann Kuhnau

Johann Kuhnau (6 April 1660 5 June 1722) was a German composer. He was the cantor of the Thomaskirche before Johann Sebastian Bach.

Kuhnau was born in Geising. His family came from Bohemia. He studied in Dresden and Zittau. He went to the Leipzig University to study law. He became an organist at the Thomaskirche in 1684. He became the cantor of the Thomaskirche in 1701. However, he was often sick. He couldn't write a lot of music. So, the town council let Georg Philipp Telemann write music for the Thomaskirche. This was normally Kuhnau's job. Kuhnau was not happy because of this. He died in Leipzig.

Scinax chiquitanus

The Rio Negro snouted tree frog ("Scinax chiquitanus") is a frog. It lives in Bolivia and Peru.

Alpha Fornacis

Alpha Fornacis designated α Fornacis, Alpha For, α For is a binary star system on the southern constellation of Fornax. It is the brightest star in the constellation and only one brighter star than of magnitude 4.0. Based on parallax measurements collected during the Hipparcos mission, it is about 46 light years away from the Sun.

The Alpha Fornacis star system has two components, they are designated Alpha Fornacis A, (officially named Dalim) and Alpha Fornacis B.

North Country

North Country might mean:

North Country (New York)

The North Country () is the northernmost region of the U.S. state of New York. The North Country is next to Lake Champlain to the east, and the Adirondack Mountains to the south. The Canadian border is to the north, and Lake Ontario is to the west. The North Country is mostly rural area. The North Country has seven counties. A U.S. Army base, Fort Drum, is also in the North Country. As of 2024, there were 420,311 people living in the North Country.

The name "North Country" was first used inside New York in the 1900 novel "Eben Holden" by Irving Bacheller. The biggest city in the North Country is Watertown. The second biggest city is Plattsburgh.

The Empire State Development Corporation says that there are 7 counties in the North Country:


But the Adirondack North Country Association says that there are 14 counties in the North Country:


Lewis, St. Lawrence, and Oswego county was purchased by Alexander Macomb in 1791.



Ghaghara

The Ghangara is the longest river in Nepal. In Sanskrit, the name means "marbles of the water". Other names of the river are Ghāghrā, and "Gogra. It has a length of" , or including source rivers. Of this length, are in Nepal, where it is called Karnali. It is the biggest tributary to the Ganges by volume, and the second-longest, after Yamuna. 

The lower part of the river, in India, is also known as Sarayu.

Bernard Youens

Bernard Arthur Popley (28 December 1914 – 27 August 1984), better known by his stage name Bernard Youens, was an English character actor of stage and television, and briefly appeared in radio plays and had cameos in film. He was also a TV announcer and is perhaps best remembered for his portrayal of Stan Ogden in the ITV soap opera "Coronation Street", which he played from 1964 until his death in 1984.


Sulaimanisaurus

Sulaimanisaurus was a herbivore and like others in the same era it reproduced by laying eggs. 3 different specimens it have been discovered including those from Balochistan.

Elsie Tanner

Elsie Gregory (also Grimshaw, Howard and Tanner) is a fictional character from the British ITV soap opera "Coronation Street", played by Pat Phoenix from the series' inception in 1960 to 1973, and again from 1976 until 1984. Elsie Tanner was one of the original core characters on "Coronation Street" and appeared in the first episode. She is considered to be an icon in soap history and regarded as one of the greatest ever characters to appear in "Coronation Street". 

Her final appearance came in January 1984, when Elsie emigrated to Portugal. Phoenix decided to quit the series in 1983 to pursue other projects. Phoenix appeared as Elsie in 1,607 episodes over a duration of 23 years.

Annie Walker

Annie Walker (also Beaumont) is a fictional character from the British ITV soap opera "Coronation Street", played by Doris Speed from the series' first episode in 1960 until Speed retired from the role 23 years and 1,724 episodes later in 1983. Speed appeared as a guest of honour at the 30th birthday celebration of "Coronation Street" in 1990 which was hosted by Cilla Black.

The character of Annie has been noted as "snobbish" and "snooty" due to her condescending attitude and delusions of grandeur. Despite this, Annie proved to be one of the show's most popular characters and Speed received more fan mail than any other cast member at the time. For her service, Speed was later declared a "national treasure" by the media and received an MBE in 1977.

Doris Speed

Doris Speed, MBE (3 February 1899 – 16 November 1994) was an English actress, best known for portraying the role of landlady of the Rovers Return Inn Annie Walker in the ITV soap opera "Coronation Street", which she played from the from the programme's first episode in December 1960 until Speed retired from the role 23 years and 1,724 episodes later in October 1983. Annie proved to be one of the show's most popular characters and Speed received more fan mail than any other cast member at the time. For her service, Speed was later declared a "national treasure" by the media and received an MBE in 1977.

List of Armenian states, dynasties, countries and territories

This list is a list of Armenian states, dynasties, countries and territories.



Some criteria:








Frank Ocean discography

This page presents the discography of American singer Frank Ocean. 

Grantly Budgen

Grantly Budgen is a fictional character from the BBC One school-based drama series "Waterloo Road", portrayed by Philip Martin Brown. Grantly first appeared in the pilot episode of the series, first broadcast on 9 March 2006. He appeared as a regular character for nearly eight years before departing in the season nine episode "Grantly's Perfect Poetry", broadcast on 10 October 2013. He was the longest running character, appearing in the first nine series of the show. Brown's departure left the show for the first time without any original cast members. Grantly appeared in 154 episodes in total. 

Grantly was part of the original teaching team and was the original Head of English at Waterloo Road, and was good friends with colleagues Tom Clarkson (Jason Done) and Steph Haydock (Denise Welch). He was best known for his grumpy attitude, his sarcastic wit, and the various insults he gave towards some of his students.

The character of Grantly has been noted as curmudgeonly and cynical, Grantly frequently voices objections to the school's management and acts as the staff's union representative. Although known to be lazy in the classroom, over time his dedication to the school becomes apparent. He is also devoted to his wife Fleur until her death, after which he begins a relationship with Maggie Croft and agrees to join her to run the school house in Scotland.

In the eighth series, Grantly develops kidney failure and spends a number of weeks in a coma before returning home to convalesce. On his return to the school, he learns a new kidney donor has been found for him but dies before the operation can take place.

Alejandro Camacho

Alejandro Camacho (born Alejandro Camacho Pastrana, July 11, 1954) is a Mexican actor and producer.


Maysville, Missouri

Maysville is the county seat of DeKalb County, Missouri, United States.

Ava, Missouri

Ava is the county seat of Douglas County, Missouri, United States.

Union, Missouri

Union is the county seat of Franklin County, Missouri, United States.

Bourbon, Missouri

Bourbon is a city in Crawford County, Missouri, United States.

Everton, Missouri

Everton is a city in Dade County, Missouri, United States.

Lockwood, Missouri

Lockwood is a city in Dade County, Missouri, United States.

Urbana, Missouri

Urbana is a city in Dallas County, Missouri, United States.

Coffey, Missouri

Coffey is a city in Daviess County, Missouri, United States.

Jamesport, Missouri

Jamesport is a city in Daviess County, Missouri, United States.

Pattonsburg, Missouri

Pattonsburg is a city in Daviess County, Missouri, United States.

Clarksdale, Missouri

Clarksdale is a city in DeKalb County, Missouri, United States.

Stewartsville, Missouri

Stewartsville is a city in DeKalb County, Missouri, United States.

Union Star, Missouri

Union Star is a city in DeKalb County, Missouri, United States.

Arbyrd, Missouri

Arbyrd is a city in Dunklin County, Missouri, United States.

Campbell, Missouri

Campbell is a city in Dunklin County, Missouri, United States.

Cardwell, Missouri

Cardwell is a city in Dunklin County, Missouri, United States.

Clarkton, Missouri

Clarkton is a city in Dunklin County, Missouri, United States.

Hornersville, Missouri

Hornersville is a city in Dunklin County, Missouri, United States.

Senath, Missouri

Senath is a city in Dunklin County, Missouri, United States.

Berger, Missouri

Berger is a city in Franklin County, Missouri, United States.

Gerald, Missouri

Gerald is a city in Franklin County, Missouri, United States.

New Haven, Missouri

New Haven is a city in Franklin County, Missouri, United States.

Saint Clair, Missouri

Saint Clair is a city in Franklin County, Missouri, United States.

Washington, Missouri

Washington is a city in Franklin County, Missouri, United States.

WKTU

WKTU (103.5 FM) is a rhythmic adult contemporary formatted radio station licensed to Lake Success, New York, a suburb of New York City. WKTU is owned by iHeartMedia and broadcasts from studios in the former AT&T Building in the Tribeca neighborhood of Manhattan; its transmitter is located at the Empire State Building.

KRNB

KRNB (105.7 MHz) is an urban adult contemporary-formatted radio station in the Dallas–Fort Worth Metroplex. It is owned by Service Broadcasting Corporation alongside its sister station KKDA-FM. Its studios are located in Arlington, Texas and the transmitter/antenna tower is located north of its city of license, Decatur, Texas.

Cahiers du Cinéma

Cahiers du Cinéma (, ) is a French movie magazine. It was co-founded in 1951 by André Bazin, Jacques Doniol-Valcroze, and Joseph-Marie Lo Duca. It was inspired by "Revue du Cinéma".

It was edited by Doniol-Valcroze and, after 1957, by Éric Rohmer (aka, Maurice Scherer), it included writers Jacques Rivette, Jean-Luc Godard, Claude Chabrol, and François Truffaut. 

It is the oldest French-language movie magazine in publication.

Rosemary Radford Ruether

Rosemary Radford Ruether (November 2, 1936 – May 21, 2022) was an American feminist scholar and Catholic theologian. She worked in the field of feminist theology.

Ruether was a board member for the pro-choice group Catholics for Choice.

Ruether died on May 21, 2022 at her daughter's home in Pomona, California from a long-illness, aged 85.

József Duró

József Duró (26 June 1966 – 22 May 2022) was a Hungarian football manager and player. Duró was born in Berettyóújfalu, Hungary. He played for the Hungary national football team twenty-one times from 1990 until 1995.

Duró died on 22 May 2022 at the age of 55.

Jeannette McHugh

Jeannette McHugh (; born 18 December 1934) is an Australian politician, teacher and activist. She was the first woman from New South Wales elected to federal parliament. She was born in Kandos, New South Wales.

McHugh was in the House of Representatives from 1983 to 1996, representing the Australian Labor Party (ALP). McHugh was Minister for Consumer Affairs in the Keating Government from 1992 to 1996.

List of Afghanistan ODI cricketers

This list includes all players who have played at least one ODI match. The list is arranged in the order of debut appearance. Where more than one player won their first caps in the same match, those players are listed alphabetically at the time of debut.

Since their first match in 2009, 58 players have represented the Afghanistan national cricket team in One Day Internationals (ODIs). A One Day International is an international cricket match between two representative teams, each having ODI status, as determined by the International Cricket Council (ICC). An ODI differs from Test matches in that the number of overs per team is limited, and that each team has only one innings.

The Afghanistan Cricket Federation was formed in 1995. But cricket was banned by the Taliban until 2000. When the ban was lifted, the team experienced a "meteoric rise through international cricket". They were admitted to the ICC as an affiliate member in 2001, and in 2006 played and beat the Marylebone Cricket Club in Mumbai. Later in 2006 they toured England, winning six out of seven matches against county second XI teams. They joined the World Cricket League in 2008, winning Divisions Five and Four in their inaugural years, and the following year won Division Three. In 2009, Afghanistan narrowly missed out on a place in the 2011 Cricket World Cup, finishing fifth in the 2009 ICC World Cup Qualifier. Their final position earnt them ODI status, and the opportunity to take part in the four-day ICC Intercontinental Cup. Their first ODI was the fifth-place play-off of the 2009 World Cup Qualifier against Scotland, which they won by 89 runs.


Chiasmocleis lacrimae

The central humming frog ("Chiasmocleis lacrimae") is a frog that lives in Brazil. It lives in forests that are not very high above sea level.

Choo Kyung-ho

Choo Kyung-ho (Korean: 추경호, born 29 July 1960) is a South Korean economist and politician. He is the Deputy Prime Minister of Economy and Minister of Economy and Finance under the Yoon Suk-yeol government since 2022. He has been the Member of the National Assembly for Dalseong since 2016.

List of Afghanistan Twenty20 International cricketers

A T20I is an international cricket match between two teams that have official Twenty20 International status. This is determined by the International Cricket Council. It is played under the rules of Twenty20 cricket and is the shortest form of the game. Afghanistan played its first T20I match on 1 February 2010, against Ireland, losing the match by 5 wickets. Their first win came three days later in their second T20I match, which was against Canada, with Afghanistan winning by 5 wickets with one ball remaining.

This list includes all members of the Afghanistan cricket team who have played at least one T20I match. It is arranged in the order in which each player won his first Twenty20 cap. Where more than one player won his first Twenty20 cap in the same match, those players are listed alphabetically by surname.


Danny Morton

Danny Morton (born 1 July 1973) is a former Australian rules footballer.

Hamza Hamry

Hamza Hamry (; born 12 January 1995 in Kairouan) nicknamed The Joker, is a Tunisian he is a former judoka and professional mixed martial artist and professional bareknuckle boxer competing in the Featherweight division of the Extreme Fighting Series. he is the first fighter that was born and raised in an Arab country to be signed with BYB.


Lisa's Rival

'"Lisa's Rival"' is the second episode of the sixth season of the American animated television series The Simpsons. It originally aired on the Fox network in the United States on September 11, 1994. Winona Ryder guest stars as Allison Taylor, a new student at Springfield Elementary School. Lisa Simpson begins to feel threatened by Allison because she is smarter, younger, and a better saxophone player. The episode's subplot sees Homer steal a large pile of sugar from a crashed truck and sell it door-to-door.

The episode was last episode written by Conan O'Brien and directed by Mark Kirkland previous episode Bart of Darkness.

Jonathan Collier

Jonathan Collier is an American television writer. He is best known for his work on "The Simpsons", Monk, "King of the Hill" and Bones. He worked as an executive producer on Mike Reiss's DVD movie, Queer Duck: The Movie. He attended and graduated from Harvard University.

Delia Ramirez

Delia Ramirez (born June 2, 1983) is an American politician. She is the member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Illinois's 3rd congressional district since 2023. Ramirez was a member of the Illinois House of Representatives for the 4th district from 2018 to 2023. She is the first Guatemalan American elected to the Illinois General Assembly.

She was the Democratic nominee for the United States House of Representatives to represent Illinois' 3rd congressional district in 2022. She won the November 2022 general election.

Daniel Eberlin

Daniel Eberlin (baptized 12 April 1647 died between December 1713 and 5 July 1715) was a German composer.

Eberlin was born in Nuremberg. He was the son of Johann Christoph Eberlin and Elena Eberlin. In 1661 he became a descant singer in Gotha. From 1663 to 1665, he learned to write music in Jena with Adam Drese. He worked for John George I, Duke of Saxe-Eisenach. He was told to go to Rome. Georg Philipp Telemann, his son-in-law said that he fought the Turks. 

Eberlin returned to Eisenach in 1671. He became a violinist and a composer. In 1685 he became the secretary of the mint in Eisenach. However, he had to leave in 1692. He went to Kassel, where he died.

Scrubs (clothing)

Medical scrubs are a sanitary outfit made of lightweight, synthetic fabric. Scrubs are usually blue, the shirts are v-necks and the trousers can have drawstrings.

Environmental suit

An environmental suit is a full-body protective garment, usually to protect against toxic environments or materials. Environmental suits can also be worn to prevent contamination.

Examples include


Pressure suit

A pressure suit is an environmental suit worn when atmospheric pressure gets too low or too high to be survivable without. The minimum survivable pressure corresponds with an altitude of 15,000 meters above the surface of Earth, where the pressure dips to 102 millibars. Pressure suits must thus be worn by pilots who fly at high altitudes, unless the cabin of the airplane is pressurized. There's partial pressure suits and full pressure suits spacesuits are examples of the latter.

Conversely, a hard diving suit protects against the extreme pressures deep below the surface of the ocean (below around 400 metres).

TV Globo Internacional

TV Globo Internacional (also known by its acronym TVGI or just as Globo) is an international pay television channel broadcasting from Brazil. It was launched on 24 August 1999 and it is owned by Grupo Globo.

In the Americas, in addition to the premium Globo Internacional channel, which is broadcast with Brazilian programming and with original audio, the station has Pasiones from Hemisphere Media Group as the main partner in Latin America and the United States. Programming from the latter channel includes soap operas from Globo dubbed in Spanish.

In November 2021, it was announced the end of broadcasts in all European countries, except Portugal, as of December 31. Viewers will follow Globo Internacional's programming through Globoplay, However, TV Globo Internacional is still continued broadcasting in Portugal, some Portuguese-speaking countries such as Angola, Mozambique (Via Globo Portugal), Australia at after Date.

Hazmat suit

A hazmat suit is an environmental suit for protection while handling hazardous materials.

Bomb disposal suit

A bomb disposal suit is an environmental suit made of thick fabric and armour to protect against bomb detonation when removing said bomb (usually an improvised explosive device).

Rikers Island

Rikers Island is the largest jail in the New York City justice system. It has a reputation for being extremely violent.

Alexandra Palace

Alexandra Palace is a historical entertainment venue in London, England. It has an ice rink, theatre, palm court and a pub. Outside, the grounds have been turned into a park.

Palm court

A palm court is an atrium (usually large) or courtyard with palm trees.They are often found in grand hotels such as the Langham Hotel, Alexandra Palace, the Carton Hotel and the Ritz Hotel in London. They can also be found in other old, large cities such as New York and on some ships such as the Titanic.

Atrescine

Atrescine (from A3CINE) is a Spanish television channel. It was started in 2018.

Cinelatino

Cinelatino is a Spanish-language movie channel based in Mexico. It is owned by MVS Comunicaciones & Hemisphere Media Group (83.8% owned by InterMedia Partners). It is available throughout Latin America as well as the United States and Canada, via cable, satellite and IPTV services.

Cinelatino airs Hispanic films, featuring blockbuster hits and movies from Mexico, Latin America and Spain. All movies are presented in their original format and without any commercial interruptions. It also features behind the scenes footage, interviews with film stars, exclusive coverage of Spanish film festivals and all the latest news from the Hispanic film industry.

Cinelatino has close working relations with Los Angeles-based production company, Plus Entertainment, helmed by executive producer Pejman Partiyeli and producers Gonzalo Gonzalez and Rene Michelle Aranda. Plus Entertainment's annual slate of features is produced its entirety to suit Cinelatino's niche market and distributes titles to the likes of Redbox, Walmart and Netflix to promote the network's presence in the U.S., primarily Hollywood. Recent Plus Entertainment titles that have aired on Cinelatino include theatrically screened (), () starring Emmy-nominated actress Vannessa Vasquez of East Los High, 4-time film festival award winning () and more.

Plus Entertainment is currently making Cinelatino's first ever TV series.
In Canada, Cinelatino is distributed by Telelatino Network. It is currently available via Rogers Cable, Vidéotron, Cogeco and Bell Fibe TV.



MVS TV

MVS TV (stylized "MVStv") is a Mexican general entertainment programming cable TV network owned by MVS Comunicaciones. The cable channel was launched along with the wireless cable television company MVS Multivision in Mexico City, now called MASTV.

MVS TV is an entertainment channel with a wide variety of entertainment programming. In 2018, about 70 percent of its programming was produced in-house, with the remaining 30 percent provided by independent companies. In addition to its own newscasts shared with MVS Radio, MVS TV carries the news programs of , owned by América Móvil.


DirecTV Stream

DirecTV Stream is a family of streaming multichannel television services. They are offered in the United States by DirecTV.


List of Philippines Twenty20 International cricketers

This is a list of Filipino Twenty20 International cricketers.

Grand Canyonscope

Grand Canyonscope is a Donald Duck animated short released in 1954. It was Disney's second cartoon filmed in CinemaScope (following "Toot, Whistle, Plunk and Boom"). It was produced to accompany Disney's first CinemaScope movie "20,000 Leagues Under the Sea". 


The short was remastered and also released on November 11, 2008, on "".

It was also released as a bonus feature on the DVD release of "20,000 Leagues Under the Sea".


The Story of My Life (biography)

The Story of My Life was written by Helen Keller. It was one of her first and notable books.


Bearly Asleep

Bearly Asleep is a 1955 Disney animated short featuring Donald Duck, who appears as a park ranger, with Humphrey the Bear. 


The short was released on November 11, 2008, on "".


Parliament Square

Parliament Square has the Palace of Westminster. It is in the City of Westminster in central London. It was laid out in the mid-19th century. It has a large open green area in the centre.

The Square is one of London's main tourist attractions. It has official buildings: the Houses of Parliament, and the Palace of Westminster. There are civil service executive offices to the north (on Whitehall). The Supreme Court) is to the west, and Westminster Abbey to the south.

The crowding together of Parliament, government and law is deliberate. It makes it possible to walk from one place to another. This helps the various parts of government to co-operate. Unfortunately, the arrangement also attracts protestors, and even criminal assaults. Protesting is controversial, and has been tested in law.

Gelatinisation

Gelatinisation is a process that occurs when starch granules are heated in a liquid, causing them to swell and burst, which results in the liquid thickening. (Note that gelatinisation is different from gelation which is the removal of heat, such as ice cream is set when it is frozen.)

List of Australia ODI cricketers

This is a list of Australian One-day International cricketers.

Have a Laugh!

Have a Laugh! is an American animated comedy series produced by the Walt Disney Company for the Disney Channel. The series is a set of interstitials, presenting edited versions of classic "Mickey Mouse" cartoons that lasted from 2009 to 2012.

The series features short and long versions of Disney shorts. The short versions are re-voiced with current Disney voice actors such as Tony Anselmo (Donald Duck), Jim Cummings, Bill Farmer (Goofy), and Bret Iwan (Mickey Mouse). The show features Disney cartoons with the original opening and closing credits restored (if content has been removed, a stamp bearing the words "Short Version" appears on the title card).

The series also features short subjects such as "Disney's Re-Micks" where they match classic Mickey Mouse cartoons and popular songs such as "He Could Be the One" by Miley Cyrus, similar to the 1980s "D-TV" series.


Eighteen cartoons and five redubbed short versions haven't been added online.



United States

United Kingdom

Ireland

Canada

Germany

Italy

India

Indonesia

There have been two DVD releases, which include 5 shorts in restored quality, in two versions: one full-length original version, and one edited version. It also includes 3 BLAM! shorts and 1 Re-Micks.

The first two volumes were released on October 26, 2010 in the US and November/December 2010 in the UK.

Volume One:

Volume Two:

Volumes 3 and 4 were released in the US on June 14, 2011. Volume 3 was later released in other countries, while no confirmation has been made for the UK release of Volume 3, or the international release of Volume 4.

Volume Three:

Volume Four:


List of Namibia Twenty20 International cricketers

This is a list of Namibian Twenty20 International cricketers. In April 2018, the ICC decided to give full Twenty20 International (T20I) status to all its members. Therefore, all Twenty20 matches played between Namibia and other ICC members after 1 January 2019 will have T20I status.

This list has all members of the Namibia cricket team who have played at least one T20I match. It is arranged in the order in which each player won his first Twenty20 cap. Where more than one player won his first Twenty20 cap in the same match, those players are listed alphabetically by surname. Namibia played their first T20I match on 20 May 2019 against Ghana at the ICC T20 World Cup Africa Qualifier Finals.


List of Papua New Guinea Twenty20 International cricketers

This list has all members of the Papua New Guinea cricket team who have played at least one T20I match. It is arranged in the order in which each player won his first Twenty20 cap. Where more than one player won his first Twenty20 cap in the same match, those players are listed alphabetically by surname.

Papua New Guinea were first given T20I status in January 2014. Then they got One Day International (ODI) status. This was a result of their performance at the 2014 World Cup Qualifier, where they placed fourth to narrowly miss out on qualifying for the 2015 World Cup. The team made its ODI debut in November 2014, against Hong Kong, but did not play a full Twenty20 International until July 2015, during the 2015 World Twenty20 Qualifier.

Papua New Guinea's debut was originally planned in its second match of the tournament, against Hong Kong, but the match was rained out. Instead, the team's first Twenty20 International came against Ireland, with PNG winning by two wickets.

In April 2018, the ICC decided to give full Twenty20 International (T20I) status to all its members. Therefore, all Twenty20 matches played between Papua New Guinea and other ICC members after 1 January 2019 will be a full T20I.

Note: The following matches include one or more missing catchers in their Cricinfo scorecard and hence statistics (as of 19 July 2019):


Rao Gujarmal Singh

Rao Gujarmal Singh was an Yaduvanshi Ahir King of Haryana-Rajasthan-Delhi. Under him, Ahirwal covered present day districts of Rewari, Mahendergarh, Narnual, Charkhi Dadri, Hissar, Jhajjar, Rohtak, Mewat ,Gurgaon, Najafgarh, Dwarka, Bahadurgarh, Rohini, Palam, Alwar and Jaipur.

Rao Gujarmal Singh was the son of Rao Nandram Singh and was a Chandravanshi ruler. Rao Bal Kishan, the elder brother of Rao Gujarmal, attained martyrdom while fighting against Nadir Shah in the Karnal war on 24 February 1739, after him Rao Gujarmal became the king. Seeing the valor and bravery of Rao Bal Kishan, Nadir Shah awarded the title of "Rao Bahadur" to the Rao Raj Gharana. At the time of Rao Gujarmal, the power of the Ahirwal was at its peak. Hearing about the martyrdom of Rao Bal Kishan, Mohammad Shah Rangila called his brother Rao Gujarmal from Rewari in return for Rao Balkrishna's military sacrifice and made him Panch Hazari Mansab. Amir-ul-Umra, and this dynasty has the hereditary honors and regalia of Rao Raja, Mahi Maratav (royal flag), Khillat-e-Khas (special dress) studded with priceless gems and 104 of Narnaul and Hisar. He made this kingdom more powerful by giving Farman (Sanad) of Parganas (Tehsil), thus Rewari Jhajjar Dadri, Hansi, Hisar, Kaur, Narnaul were included in his kingdom. Major cities included Shahjapur, Behror, Tijara, and Alwar and he had also bought huge property in Delhi. The king ordered Rao Bahadur's Nangada to be played right up to the door of the Red Fort whereas the old custom was that from Fatehpuri Masjid to Jama Masjid. No man could go ahead playing the flute, thus the power of Rewari state had reached the highest level.

Rao Gujarmal Bahadur sent a message to Nawab Mustafa Khan Farrukhnagar, who was occupying Hisar Bawni, that now Hisar Bawni is under our rule and you should vacate it and remove the interference, then the Nawab replied that "Interference in the country is done by the force of the sword." After this, both the sides started preparing for the war. All the brave men of Ahirwal and their relatives gathered with Rao Gujarmal in the battlefield of Hansi. To fight the Nawab army was big and about the army he said to the Ahirs that "they are rabbit hunters, we will kill them in one attack. Before the war, a Muslim fakir told Rao in Dargah Hansi , “Fateh will kiss your feet but do not kill the Nawab”. Rao Gujarmal gave a promise to the fakir that he will not kill the Nawab. When both the armies were face to face in the battle, Rao ordered the Ahir chieftains to kill him. When told that the Nawabi army is loaded with armor and weapons, the Ahir chief of Kanina place said, "Rao Sahab, these Baloch will not be able to stand before our spears, even though their bodies are covered with iron armor, but their mouths and   butts are empty for our spears." The battle bells were rung and iron started clashing with iron, warriors from both the sides started trying their best. Since the entire army belonged to Rao Sahab's community, brother Ahirs, we all fought with our lives. And the heads of the army of Baloch started falling, the Nawabi army could not tolerate the tremendous attack of the army of Ahirwal and was destroyed. Vijayashree bowed down at the feet of the sword of the army of Ahirwal. It happened, the Nawab was arrested and presented before Rao Gujarmal and any Baloch who did not lay down his arms was beheaded by the swords. The Nawab fell at the feet of Rao Gujarmal and Rao Gujarmal fulfilling his promise to the fakir, he spared the life of the Nawab and sent his children and wives to Farrukhnagar and gave him a jagir of twelve villages for their maintenance.
Baloch Raja of Farrukhnagar and Bahadur Singh of Ghasera, a descendant of Hathi Singh, were both fierce enemies of Rao Gujarmal. Bahadur Singh was ruling independent from Raja Surajmal of Bharatpur. Then Rao Gujarmal along with Surajmal gave a befitting reply to him. Gujarmal also had friendly relations with Todar Mal of Neemrana, father-in-law of Bahadur Singh. In 1750, Todarmal invited Rao Gujarmal at the behest of Bahadur Singh and killed him by deceit.

Kusum Sarovar was built by son of SurajMal (Jawahar Singh) remembering Rao Gujarmal and Surajmal.

Rao Gujarmal fountain is also made in Rewari by Govt of Haryana to honour him.


List of Zimbabwe Twenty20 International cricketers

This is a list of Zimbabwean Twenty20 International cricketers.


List of Botswana Twenty20 International cricketers

This is a list of Botswanan Twenty20 International cricketers.

List of Bermuda Twenty20 International cricketers

This list includes all players from Bermuda who have played at Twenty20 International matches.


Rao Bal Kishan

Rao Bal Kishan was an Yaduvanshi Ahir king of Haryana-Delhi and some part of Alwar, Jaipur in Rajasthan. Under his rule, the Ahirwal covered present day districts of Rewari, Mahendergarh, Narnual, Charkhi Dadri, Hissar, Jhajjar, Rohtak, Gurgaon, Najafgarh, Dwarka, Bahadurgarh, Rohini, Alwar and Jaipur.

Rao Bal Kishan was born to Rao Nand Ram Singh of the royal Yaduvanshi Ahir family of Rewari. It is said that he killed a lion without wearing armor. This earned him the title of "Sher Bacha Shamsher Bahadur". He was married to the daughter of a Ahir Sardar Ramchandra of Takana Nasibpur.

In 1739, the Iranian ruler Nadir Shah attacked India. Rao Bal Kishan, with his army and with the forces of Delhi, fought Nadir Shah. His army included 5000 infantry and 2000 cavalry. In February 1739, Nader Shah captured Sirhind and moved towards the field of Karnal, a battle destined to be fateful to the Mughal rulers. On 24 February, the battle of Karnal was fought. Emperor Muhammad Shah had over a hundred thousand force against Nader Shah's 55,000 men but was still decisively defeated because royal force left the Battlefield at Karnal. Only Rao Balkishan Singh fought to Nadir shah, he was killed in the battle but immortalized the name "Vijay or Veergati". The Battle was ambitious as Nadir Shah itself remarked to Mughal Emperor that if your combined forces helped Rao Balkrishna of Rewari, than I might not able to enter in Delhi. I had never seen any warrior like him brave , Fierce and strong. After this to a royal chhatri kiosk was made by Mughal Emperor to remark tribute to Rao Balkrishna. Even today the Chhatri is present in Karnal. 

After the battle, Nadir Shah met the Mughal emperor and praised Rao Bal Kishan and his soldiers. He said - "If Rao Bal Kishan had not been martyred in the battle and Faujshahi (Mughal armies) supported that brave Sardar whole heartedly instead of escaping from the battlefield, we would not had the luck to see Delhi today, but it would also have been difficult to return to Iran alive.
Rao Balkishan was killed in an ambush by the Iranian troops in the Battle of Karnal on 24 February, 1739.



Jean-Marie Leclair

Jean-Marie Leclair l'aîné (Jean-Marie Leclair the Elder; 10 May 1697 22 October 1764) was a French composer, violinist, and dancer. 

Leclair was born in Lyon. He was his parent's oldest child. At least three of his brothers became musicians. 

He learned to play the violin and dance. He taught ballet at the Théâtre-Royal of Turin. On November 9, 1716 he married Marie-Rose Casthagnié, a dancer. Leclair went to Paris in 1723. He published his first works in Paris. He also performed at the Concert Spirituel.

After Leclair's first wife had died, he married again in 1730. King Louis XV made Leclair in 1733. He wrote a book of violin sonatas for the King. Leclair left the in 1737. He had an argument with Jean-Pierre Guignon about who should lead the orchestra. He did not want to become the second violinist. So, he left the orchestra.

From 1738 to 1743, Leclair worked for Anne, Princess of Orange. He wrote a set of violin sonatas for the princess. He also worked as a "maestro di cappella" for François Du Liz. However, Du Liz went bankrupt in 1743. Leclair returned to Paris. He published his last set of violin sonatas in 1743. In 1746, he wrote an opera, called "Scylla et Glaucus". It was his only opera.

On October 23, 1764, his gardener found Leclair dead in his house. He had been stabbed three times. His murderer is not known. However, the police suspected that Leclair's nephew, François Guillaume Vial, killed him. 

Earth to Luna!

Earth to Luna! (Portuguese: O Show da Luna!) is a flash-animated children's television series. It was directed by "Célia Catunda" and "Kiko Mistrorigo," and produced by TV PinGuim.

The program premiered on the American channel Sprout, on August 16, 2014. In Latin America, it debuted on October 13, 2014, on Discovery Kids. The first season had 24 episodes, each 15 minutes long. The target audience is children between the ages of 4 and 9 years old.

Scinax castroviejoi

The temperate snouted tree frog ("Scinax castroviejoi") is a frog. It lives in Bolivia and Argentina. It lives on the east side of the Andes mountains. It lives where the weather is not hot and not cold.

Canal Once (Mexico)

Once (Eleven; formerly Once TV México and Canal Once) is a Mexican educational broadcast television network owned by National Polytechnic Institute. The network's flagship station is XEIPN-TDT channel 11 in Mexico City. It broadcasts across Mexico through nearly 40 TV transmitters. It is a required carriage on all Mexican cable and satellite providers. The network also operates an international feed which is available in the United States via satellite from DirecTV, via online from VEMOX and also on various cable outlets, on "Latino" or "Spanish" tiers. Most of its programs are also webcast through the Internet, though its programming is not the same as the actual broadcasters or satellite signal.


Chip 'n Dale: Rescue Rangers (movie)

Chip 'n Dale: Rescue Rangers is a 2022 American live-action/animated action-adventure comedy movie. It is based on the characters Chip and Dale and the animated TV series of the same name. It is directed by Akiva Schaffer and written by Dan Gregor and Doug Mand. It stars John Mulaney and Andy Samberg as the voices of Chip and Dale respectively. It is a co-production between Walt Disney Pictures, producers David Hoberman and Todd Lieberman's Mandeville Films, and The Lonely Island.

The movie premiered in Orlando on May 16, 2022, and was released in the United States on May 20, 2022, through streaming on Disney+ as a Disney+ original movie.

In a world co-populated by humans and fictional characters, two chipmunks named Chip and Dale meet in elementary school and become best friends. They later relocate to Hollywood and, after casting as extras in commercials and shows, go on to star in the successful television series "" in the early 1990s. However, when Dale gets his own show, "Double-O-Dale", the two have a falling-out that leads to both shows' cancellation.

Thirty years later, Chip is a successful but disillusioned insurance salesman while Dale spends most of his time on the fan convention circuit, having been put through CGI surgery. One night, the two are contacted by their former "Rescue Rangers" co-star Monterey Jack, who owes money to the criminal Valley Gang due to his stinky cheese addiction. Monty warns the pair of a trafficking operation where toons are kidnapped, have their appearances altered, and are shipped overseas to produce bootlegs of their works for the rest of their lives. Later that night, the two are informed that Monty has been kidnapped. They meet Police Captain Putty and Officer Ellie Steckler; the latter reveals herself to be a big "Rescue Rangers" fan, and with the police's hands tied, she suggests Chip and Dale investigate on their own.

Chip and Dale visit Bjornson the Cheesemonger, Monty's cheese dealer, and ask about the Valley Gang. They are taken to the uncanny valley part of town and meet the gang's leader—Sweet Pete, a toon actor who played Peter Pan, now an adult—and his henchmen Bob and Jimmy. Realizing they are investigating his bootlegging business, Pete tries to capture the pair, but the chipmunks escape. The two later share their discoveries with Ellie, learning that she is shunned by Putty due to acting on a bad tip and raiding the Nick Jr. Channel studios with negative results.

With Ellie's help, the chipmunks sneak into a bathhouse to steal Pete's fitness tracker. They trace his movements to a dock warehouse, though it is already abandoned by the time the police arrive. Inside, they find a large operating machine designed to alter toons' bodies, along with several toon parts, including Monty's mustache.

At the police station, the pair argue over the loss of Monty and their past feud but smell the scent of Monty's cologne. Realizing either Putty or Ellie is working with Sweet Pete, the two flee the station. At the ongoing Fan Con, they try to convince Ugly Sonic to ask his FBI contacts for help, but Pete and his henchmen arrive, having tracked Dale using his social media posts. In the ongoing chase, Bob is restrained and arrested, but Chip is caught by Jimmy and taken to the warehouse. Ellie is also lured there by Putty, revealing he is part of the Valley Gang and has been covering for Pete, including giving Ellie the false Nick Jr. tip.

Sweet Pete has Ellie call Dale to lure him to the warehouse, but Ellie sends a coded message using a "Rescue Rangers" episode. Dale realizes Ellie is in trouble and contacts former "Rescue Rangers" co-stars Gadget Hackwrench and Zipper, now married with children, for help. Dale enters the warehouse using a firework, which gets lodged into the machine and stops it before it can be used on Chip. The machine goes haywire, transforming Jimmy into a fairy and Pete into a giant amalgamation of various toons. While Ellie fights and defeats Putty, Pete chases Chip and Dale through the warehouse, revealing it to also be where the bootlegs are filmed. The chipmunks lure Pete to the docks and use a ploy from a "Rescue Rangers" episode to trap him.

The FBI, led by Ugly Sonic, arrive to arrest the Valley Gang. Sweet Pete fires a cannonball at Chip, but Dale takes the hit. Chip fears Dale is dead and apologizes for his behavior over the years, but Dale reveals he was protected by a golden pog Chip gave him. The chipmunks free all the bootlegged toons, including Monty, and Dale introduces the Rescue Rangers to Ellie, who decides to open her own detective agency. As the team departs, Dale convinces them to film a "Rescue Rangers" reboot, which is released to great success.


St. Nicholas Church, Leipzig

The St. Nicholas Church () is a church in Leipzig. It was built in 1165. The church became a Gothic church in the 16th century. Baroque towers were added in the 18th century. Johann Sebastian Bach was the music director of the church from 1723 to 1750. People held peaceful demonstrations against the communist government of East Germany on the church from 1989 to 1991.

Jean-Pierre Houdin

Jean-Pierre Houdin (born 1951) is a French architect. He developed a theory detailing how the Great Pyramid of Giza was built.

Pureland origami

Pureland origami is origami with one rule: only one fold can be made at a time. British paperfolder John Smith started pureland origami for inexperienced paperfolders or for people with poor motor skills. Hard folds, like the inside-reverse fold, are not allowed in pureland origami.

Taco pizza

Taco pizza is a pizza that has parts of a taco on it. These parts could be lettuce, ground beef, chunks of tomato, or even tortilla chips. A pizza restaurant called Happy Joe’s said they were the first to come up with taco pizza. This might have happened in 1974. Other restaurants have also made it. 

Zombies 3

Zombies 3 is a 2022 American science fiction musical film directed by Paul Hoen and written by David Light and Joseph Raso. It is a sequel to the 2020 film, Zombies 2 and stars Milo Manheim and Meg Donnelly reprising their lead roles as Zed and Addison, respectively. Much of the main supporting cast from the first two "Zombies" films also return.

It is also the third and final film in the Zombies trilogy. It premiered on July 15, 2022 on Disney+.

In the town of Seabrook, werewolves, humans and zombies live in peace. It's their last year at Seabrook High (their high school) and Addison has been accepted into Mountain College. Zed is pursuing an athletic scholarship at Mountain College and is hoping to join Addison in her college. During the night before a highly anticipated football game, where, should they win, Seabrook's going to have their first zombie/monster recruited into college, therefore bringing down a barrier for all other monsters, a UFO arrives and causes mass panic. Its alien passengers and 3 alien leader's called "A-Lan, A-Li and A-Spen". They arrived in search of an interstellar map to Utopia (their previous home was destroyed), a perfect new home for their species. To cover up their real purpose, they claim to be here to compete in the National Cheer Off, which Addison previously had organized. While being interrogated by the Z-Patrol, A-Spen finds a loophole so Zed can get into college by having an exceptional scholarship by improving his grades.

Willa, Wyatt and Wynter are extremely distrustful of the aliens,they think they are there to take what is there's. The aliens settle into Seabrook temporarily. The aliens interrogate the werewolves and scan their minds with their Luma Lenses. Eliza, who is currently interning at Z-Corp, the maker of the Z-bands, helps Zed with his scholarship. However, the aliens beat Zed's records, both athletic and academic, lowering his chances of entering college. Zed, in return for the aliens altering his report card, helps the aliens identify the moonstone, which they scan for coordinates and discover is lethal to them. A-Spen meets Addison, whom they reveal to that they are in love with Zed. At cheer practice, the cheer team is threatened after witnessing the aliens practice. The aliens are almost caught by the werewolves and head to their Mothership where Zed helps them with his knowledge of Seabrook, whereas Addison is mistakenly beamed up to the Mothership. A-Spen, A-Li and A-Lan reveal their true reasons for arriving in Seabrook. After fixing and watching the Scout's logs, they discover that the scout is none other than Addison's maternal grandmother, Angie. (Bucky, Addison's cousin, is not related to Angie, as he is related to Addison on her father's side.) 

Zed is nervous for his home college interview, which is the last thing he needs to overcome before figuring out if he is accepted in Mountain College or not. Addison's alien powers cause him to "zombie out" during his interview, causing his interviewer, Ms. Crabtree, to leave. Addison questions her identity as an alien, asking her mom about her grandma. The trio of aliens suspect that the Seabrook Cup, which is the trophy Angie created, now awarded to the winning team of the Cheer Off, which is crafted with materials from their home world, is their map home. Addison discovers this same thing soon after and realizes either the aliens win it or she does. The werewolves discover the aliens' mission and alert the Z-Patrol. Zed, after learning he was accepted into college, discovers the Z-Patrol's orders and tries to stop the aliens from competing in the Cheer-Off. The extraterrestrial team is disqualified, leaving Addison being their only chance of finding Utopia. The Seabrook Mighty Shrimp are victorious at the competition and win.

The werewolves crash into the cheer pavilion and reveal the aliens' plans. The aliens, Addison and Zed escape before Addison reveals to the town her alien heritage. Zed reveals his college news and the aliens realize that the coordinates to Utopia lie in Addison's DNA. Unfortunately, their map is dynamic, meaning they must take Addison to their new home. A conflicted Addison agrees to go. Zed offers to go with her, but it's impossible as he would be killed by their stardust energy within minutes. The day the aliens and Addison are set to leave for Utopia, the aliens' ship is critically damaged, so the werewolves offer their moonstone and Eliza states that they could charge the ship by filtering the moonstone's energy through their Z-Bands. Zed risks his life by interfering with the power of the aliens and the moonstone, though he survives. As the others race to exit the ship before it releases into space, Addison and Zed share one last kiss before he is beamed back to Earth.

A few days later, in a world without Addison, the group celebrates their graduation as the aliens compute their coordinates. Addison realizes where her grandma Angie wanted her species to live. The aliens then return to Seabrook. Zed, Bree, Willa, Wynter, Wyatt, Bonzo, Bucky and the Aceys celebrate their return. Afterwards, the aliens fully move in to Seabrook, along with several other monsters and creatures including vampires and merpeople.

During the credits, Bucky is shown boarding Mothership and activating it for launch, aiming to "bring cheer to the farthest reaches of the galaxy".

Grand tack hypothesis

The grand tack hypothesis proposes that the planet Jupiter formed at 3.5 AU. Then it migrated inward to 1.5 AU, before reversing course. This reversal happened because it captured Saturn in an orbital resonance.

Jupiter eventually stopped near its current orbit at 5.2 AU. Jupiter's planetary migration is known as the grand tack hypothesis.

Jupiter twice crossed the asteroid belt, scattering asteroids outward then inward. The present asteroid belt has a small mass, and a wide range of inclinations and eccentricities. This limited the material available to make Mars. It had long been thought that Mars was too small in comparison to its position in the Solar System. This was based on computer simulations of the early history of the Solar System.

Also, our new discoveries of planets in other star systems shows the Solar System as unusual. It is almost standard in other systems for the largest planet to be much closer to its star.

Ferdinand Fransen

Ferdinand Gregorius Fransen (Enschede, 23 February 1928 – Borne, 11 July 2021) was a Dutch entrepreneur. He was director of the Dutch travel company Arke (later part of the German TUI AG). Fransen was also chairman of the football club FC Twente.

Fransen came from a working-class family. His father was a house painter who died in 1938. Fransen played with the second division team VOSTA. He was captain of the first team. He later focused on athletics and became a champion javelin thrower. 

In 1944, Fransen came to work at Travel Agency, Twenthe. In the 1950s, he started the "Reis- en Passagebureau Arke together with Arke and" Hennie Agterhuis. Arke retired in 1967 and Agterhuis died in 1973. Fransen became the sole director of the company. He developed the company from a bus travel company to a full tour operator. In 1989, he sold forty percent of his shares to the German Touristik Union International (TUI). In 1995, he sold them the rest of his shares. He owned many hotels in the Netherlands and Spain. These included "Landgoed de Wilmersberg" in De Lutte.

In addition to his business career, Fransen was chairman of the football club FC Twente from 1977 to 1984. 

Sylvie Maurial

Sylvie Maurial-Jamin (born 19 September 1949) is a French water skier. She was named to the International Water Ski Hall of Fame.

She competed at the 1972 Summer Olympics, where waterskiing was a demonstration sport, in the three events. She won the Jumping event, finished third in the Tricks event and finished 4th in the Slalom event. At the 1973 Water Ski World Championships, she became world champion. She was 5 times European champion between 1971 and 1973.

Maurial became Officer of the National Order of Merit on 10 May 1995.

She is married to water skier Jean-Michel Jamin, who also competed at the 1972 Summer Olympics. Her daughter is .

Five Good Emperors

In Ancient Roman history, the period between 96 and 180 is known as the age of the Five Good Emperors. The rulers commonly known were Nerva, Trajan, Hadrian, Antoninus Pius, and Marcus Aurelius. 
The term was first used by Niccolò Machiavelli in his book "The Discourses on Livy" from 1531:

Chou Yu-Ping

Chou Yu-Ping (born 22 February 1972) is a Taiwanese judoka. She competed at the 1988 Summer Olympics, where judo for women was a demonstration sport, in the extra-lightweight event. 

At the 1987 World Judo Championships, she won the bronze medal in the -48 kg category. At the 1991 Asian Judo Championships she won the bronze medal in the -52 kg category.

Roswitha Hartl

Roswitha Hartl (born 15 September 1962) is an Austrian judoka. She won a bronze medal at the 1988 Summer Olympics, where judo for women was a demonstration sport, in the middleweight event.

At the 1987 World Judo Championships she won a bronze medal in the -66 kg category. 

At the European Judo Championships she won silver medal in 1984, 1985 and 1986 and won a bronze medal in 1988.

Parliament of Cameroon

The Parliament of Cameroon is the legislature of Cameroon. A bicameral body, it is made up of the Senate and the National Assembly.

Senate (Cameroon)

The Senate is the upper house of the Parliament of Cameroon.

The Senate was created in 1996.

The Senate has 100 seats, of which 70 are elected and 30 appointed by the President, with each region having 10 Senators. The elected seats are elected by the 10,636 members of the 360 municipal councils.

Elections to the Senate were held for the first time on 14 April 2013. The President of the Senate would replace the President of Cameroon in case of a vacancy.

National Assembly (Cameroon)

The National Assembly () is the lower house of the Parliament of Cameroon. It has 180 members, elected for five-year terms in 49 single and multi-seat constituencies. Together with the senate, it makes up the legislative branch of government. 

Monica Angelucci

Monica Angelucci (born 15 October 1968) is a Brazilian judoka who competed in the -48 kg category. She won a bronze medal at the 1986 Pan American Judo Championships. At the 1987 Pan American Games she became Pan American champion, and she won a bronze medal at the 1991 Pan American Games. 

She competed at the 1988 Summer Olympics, where judo was for women a demonstration sport, in the extra-lightweight event.

Samia Hachemi

Samia Hachemi (سامية•هاشمي; born 19 June 1966) is an Algerian judoka. She competed at the 1988 Summer Olympics, where judo was for women a demonstration sport, in the weight event.

She competed at the 1986 African Judo Championships where she won the bronze medal in the -66 kg category. 

Nordic Council

The Nordic Council is the official body for formal inter-parliamentary Nordic cooperation for the Nordic countries. It was formed in 1952. It has 87 representatives from Denmark, Finland, Iceland, Norway, and Sweden as well as from the autonomous areas of the Faroe Islands, Greenland, and Åland. 

The representatives are members of parliament in their respective countries or areas and are elected by those parliaments. The council's official languages are Danish, Finnish, Icelandic, Norwegian, and Swedish. 

Zaw Htay

Zaw Htay (, also known as Hmuu Zaw; died 23 May 2022) was a spokesman of the Myanmar government who was the director general of the State Counsellor's Office from April 2016 to February 2021. He was the presidential spokesman of the Myanmar Office of the President from April 2011 to April 2016 under President Thein Sein.

Joe Pignatano

Joseph Benjamin Pignatano (August 4, 1929 – May 23, 2022) was an American professional baseball player and coach. He played for the Brooklyn / Los Angeles Dodgers (1957–60), Kansas City Athletics (1961), San Francisco Giants (1962) and New York Mets (1962). He won the World Series twice in 1959 and 1969. Pignatano was born in New York City. 

Pignatano died on May 23, 2022 in Naples, Florida from problems caused by dementia, at the age of 92.

Maja Lidia Kossakowska

Maja Lidia Kossakowska-Grzędowicz (27 February 1972 – 23 May 2022) was a Polish fantasy writer, archeologist and journalist. She was first published in 1997. She was nominated eight times for the Janusz A. Zajdel Award for her short stories and novels. Many of her books had themes of angels. Kossakowska was born in Warsaw, Poland.

Kossakowska was killed in a house fire on 23 May 2022 in Stare Załubice, Poland at the age of 50.

Anita Gradin

Anita Gradin (12 August 1933 – 23 May 2022) was a Swedish politician. She was born in Hörnefors, Sweden. She was a member of the Riksdag from 1969 until 1992. She later was a member of the European Commission from 1995 until 1999. Gradin was president of Socialists International Women and worked against the human trafficking of women.

Gradin died on 23 May 2022, aged 89.

Duberildo Jaque

Duberildo Jaque Araneda (7 April 1921 – 22 May 2022) was a Chilean lawyer and politician. He was a member of the Radical Party and later the Chilean Social Democracy Party. He was in the Chamber of Deputies from 1961 to 1973. Jaque was born in Carahue, Chile.

Jaque died on 22 May 2022 at the age of 101.

Fon Angwafo III of Mankon

Fon Angwafo III of Mankon (1 May 1925 – 21 May 2022) was a Cameroonian traditional ruler and politician. Fon Angwafo III was a member of the Parliament of Cameroon from 1962 to 1988. He also was the first vice chair of the Cameroon People's Democratic Movement. 

He died on 21 May 2022, at the age of 97.

Arnold Walker

Thomas Arnold Walker (15 April 1952 – 12 May 2022), also known by the nickname of "Boxer", was an English professional rugby league footballer. He played in the 1970s and 1980s. He played at representative level for Great Britain, England and Cumbria, and at club level for Kells A.R.L.F.C., and Cumbrian rivals; Workington Town and Whitehaven. He was born in Whitehaven, Cumbria, England.

Walker died on 12 May 2022 from cancer in Cumbria, aged 70.

Jeong Rae-hyuk

Jeong Rae-hyuk (; 17 January 1926 – 17 May 2022) was a South Korean military officer and politician. He was Minister of Commerce and Industry from 1961 to 1962 and Minister of National Defense from 1970 to 1971. He was also a member of the National Assembly from 1973 to 1985. Jeong was born in Gokseong County, Chōsen.

Jeong died in Seoul, South Korea on 17 May 2022 at the age of 96.

SomosTV

SOMOSTV LLC, is an American Pay TV entertainment company engaged in the production, distribution, and marketing of Pay TV channels in the U.S. Hispanic market, Puerto Rico, Mexico, Panama, Central America, and the Caribbean. Headquartered in Miami, Florida, the company owns and operates two networks: ViendoMovies and Semillitas. SOMOSTV is headed by Luis Villanueva, an executive in the Hispanic media and entertainment industry, President and CEO of SOMOS Group.

List of Samoa Twenty20 International cricketers

This list has all members of the Samoa cricket team who have played at least one T20I match. 

Samoa played their first matches with T20I status during the 2019 Pacific Games.

List of Cayman Islands Twenty20 International cricketers

This is a list of Cayman Islands Twenty20 International cricketers.

The Queen's Corgi

The Queen's Corgi is a 2019 Belgian family animated comedy movie directed by Ben Stassen and Vincent Kesteloot, the film was distributed in Belgian from Belga Films, Freestyle Releasing in United States from 2020, and United Kingdom in Lionsgate from 2019. It was released on April 3, 2019. The movie received mixed reviews.


List of Sri Lanka Test cricketers

This is a list of Sri Lankan Test cricketers.

A Test match is an international cricket match between two representative teams that are full members of the International Cricket Council (ICC). Both teams have two innings, and the match lasts up to five days.

The list is arranged in the order in which each player won his first Test cap. Where more than one player won his first Test cap in the same match, those players are listed alphabetically by surname.

Statistics are correct as of 15 May 2022.
Note:



Peninsula (movie)

Peninsula (; marketed in the US, UK and India as: Train to Busan Presents: Peninsula), is a 2020 South Korean zombie heist movie directed by Yeon Sang-ho, is an independent sequel to the 2016 movie "Train to Busan".

The Movie was in the selection of the 2020 Cannes Film Festival, although due to the COVID-19 pandemic it could not be released, it would premiere until October 21, 2020 at the Busan Film Festival, It premiered in South Korea, on July 21, 2020 and worldwide would raise $42.5 millions.


Studio apartment

A studio apartment, studio flat or efficiency apartment is an apartment without a separate bedroom. Instead, the sleeping area is in the living room. Studio apartments are usually the smallest and least expensive ones in a given city. A studio apartment can be a peid-a-terre.

Bedsit

In the United Kingdom, a bedsit (bedroom \ sitting room) is an apartment that doesn't have a private bathroom.

Mini golf course

A mini golf course is golf club-like establishment that offers a miniature version of golf.

Gruffudd ap Cynan

Gruffudd ap Cynan (1054 - 1137) was King of Gwynedd from 1081 until 1137, He three times gained the throne of Gwynedd and then lost it again, before regaining it once more in 1099 and this time keeping power until his death.

Prison escape

A prison escape is the act of leaving prison illegally. The most common form of prison escape is breakout, which involves physically getting past the prison's security measures in secret. However, prison escapes can also be done via fraud or trickery to just walk out of jail.

Lock up

Lock up may refer to:



Police cell

A police cell, also called a drunk tank, holding tank or temporary holding cell is a large room in a police station or the booking suite of a jail for temporarily holding arrested people or those awaiting transfer to another, more permanent facility. Such a cell in the developed world, especially the United States and United Kingdom, typically has a toilet, payphone (to call lawyers or someone to post bail), and a long bench attached to the wall and floor.

Lockup (TV series)

The TV show Lockup is a program on the channel MSNBC that shows life for inmates of county jails and State prisons across the United States of America. The most common facilities shown include the L.A County jail, California's "Corcoran state prison", Sedgwick County detention center Kansas, Charleston County jail South Carolina, 
Different spinoffs of Lockup are
"Lockup: Raw" - A version with commentary from the production crew.

"Lockup: Extended Stay" - Where the crew continues filming at one jail or prison on a long term visit.

"Lockup: Special Investigation" - Profiling specific aspects of the justice system, like juvenile justice.

"Lockup: World Tour" -Visiting prisons abroad and looking into foreign justice systems.

Penn &amp; Teller

Penn & Teller, Penn Jillette and Teller, are American magicians, entertainers, and scientific skeptics who have performed together since the late 1970s. They are noted for their ongoing act that combines elements of comedy with magic.

The duo has been featured in numerous stage and television shows such as "" and currently perform in Las Vegas at The Rio, the longest running headliners to play at the same hotel in Las Vegas history. Penn Jillette serves as the act's orator and raconteur. Teller generally does not speak while performing, and instead communicates through mime and nonverbals, though his voice can occasionally be heard during their live shows and television appearances. Besides magic, the pair has become associated with the advocacy of scientific skepticism and libertarianism, particularly through their television show "".

Locked Up Abroad

Locked Up Abroad and its British version, Banged Up Abroad is a television show the chronicles people's accounts of being held against their will in foreign countries. Usually, this involves the people breaking the country's laws and getting arrested and put in prison for it. But some kidnappings by cartels and terrorist organizations are chronicled as well. The show airs on the National Geographic channel.

Lockdown (2000 movie)

Lockdown is a 2000 drama movie.


Machine Gun Kelly (gangster)

Machine Gun Kelly was a Prohibition era gangster who was in the same league as Al Capone. He was born in 1895 and died at the Leavenworth Federal Penitentiary in 1954. Machine Gun Kelly's legal name was George Kelly Barnes and he spent plenty of time at Alcatraz.

Legal name

Someone's legal name is the name by which they're identified under the law. It is the name that shows up on legal official documents such as job applications, leases, loan and other contracts, search and arrest warrants, etc. One's legal name is distinct from their nickname in that the former is official.

Alessandro Pavolini

Alessandro Pavolini (27 September 1903 – 28 April 1945) was an Italian fascist, politician, journalist, and essayist. He was part of the Fascist Italian regime during World War II.

Pavolini was born in Florence. He earned a law degree at the University of Florence and a political science degree at "La Sapienza" in Rome.

In the 1920s, he joined Benito Mussolini's movement in Florence. He was active in the Blackshirts and led a squad during the 1922 March on Rome.

Job application

A job application is a form filled out to apply for conventional employment for a given company. It asks some rudimentary questions like the applicants home address, what if any criminal record they have, desired salary or wage, etc.

Warrant

Warrant may refer to:



Arrest warrant

An arrest warrant is a legal warrant requiring the arrest and imprisonment of a particular person, usually a fugitive.

Imprisonment

Imprisonment or incarceration is the holding of people in prison or a place against their will by a sentence. Historically, this meant that the people were put in a prison cell, or in a pillory or in stocks. The pillory or the stocks were also a form of public humiliation. In modern times, there are also other forms, like placing someone under house arrest or using electronic tagging.

United States Penitentiary, Leavenworth

Leavenworth Federal Penitentiary is the oldest Federal prison in the USA. It's located in Leavenworth, Kansas. It was built to test out a new prison regime and penal ideology reliant on stringent rules and order.

Metrication

Metrication is the conversion of a country's primary system of measurement from an indigenous system to the metric system.

Johann Reinhold Forster

Johann Reinhold Forster (22 October 1729 – 9 December 1798) was a German pastor and naturalist. He was part Scottish. He helped early ornithology from Europe and North America. He is best known as the naturalist on James Cook's second Pacific voyage. On this trip, he was with his son, Georg Forster.


Stellar birthline

The stellar birthline is a line in the Hertzsprung–Russell diagram that relates the effective temperature and luminosity of pre-main-sequence stars on the start of their contraction. To this point, the objects are protostars, and are so deeply in the cloud of dust and gas from which they are forming that they radiate only in far infrared and millimeter wavelengths. 

When stellar winds disperse this cloud, the star becomes visible as pre-main-sequence object. The set of locations on the Hertzsprung–Russell diagram where these newly visible stars form is called the birthline and is found above the main sequence.

Location of the stellar birthline depends on detail in the accretion rate onto the star and geometry of this accretion, i.e. whether or not it is happening through an accretion disk. This means that the birthline is not an infinitely thin curve, but has a finite thickness on the Hertzsprung-Russell diagram.

ViendoMovies

ViendoMovies is an American Spanish-language pay television channel. It is distributed in High Definition and present in cable television, Telcos and satellite television companies. The channel is owned by SomosTV, company headed by Luis Villanueva (President & CEO of SOMOS Group). ViendoMovies runs 24-hours a day featuring movies originally produced in Spanish in a commercial free format (without television advertisement). ViendoMovies' programming reaches subscribers in the United States and Puerto Rico.

Communist Party of Kampuchea

The Communist Party of Kampuchea was the ruling political party in Khmer Rouge Cambodia.

Medium of exchange

A medium of exchange is any item recognized in a society as currency to be traded for products and services. In many ancient civilizations, the main medium of exchange was coins made of gold and silver. Most modern countries use paper money as their official currencies fiat money.

Economic policy

A country's economic policy is the branch of its laws that regulate the economy. Economic policies include government budgets, tax rates, how much or how little fiat currency is printed, business regulations, etc.

Polish Workers' Party

The Polish Workers Party was the official political party of Poland when it was a Soviet puppet state.

Imperial Rule Assistance Association

The Japanese Imperial Rule Assistance Association was the country's fascist party during World War Two.

League of Communists of Yugoslavia

The League of Communists of Yugoslavia was the far-left communist party of Yugoslavia when it was a puppet state of the Soviet Union.

Nuestra Visión

Nuestra Visión (translation: "Our Vision") is an American Spanish language free-to-air television network. It is owned by Publicidad y Contenido Editorial S.A. de C.V. a subsidiary of América Móvil. The network was launched on November 21, 2017. It is available in select markets across the United States.

The network features Mexican movies from the golden era of Mexican movies to recent productions. Programming also includes live sporting events as well as special events, such as concerts, interviews with top-tier celebrities, series and music clips. It also airs daily newscasts and sportscasts produced live through companies owned by América Móvil, UNO TV and Claro Sports.








Nuestra Visión is available over the air. At launch on November 21, 2017, it had just five affiliate stations, it now has eleven. As of September 2019, it is available in 4.2 million homes across the United States.

Democratic Party of Equatorial Guinea

The Democratic Party of Equatorial Guinea is the sole ruling political party in Equatorial Guinea. The political ideology of the party is a blend of African nationalism, populism and militarism and the Democratic Party of Equatorial Guinea is often considered an authoritarian regime.

Democratic Party of Socialists of Montenegro

The Democratic Party of Socialists of Montenegro is a populist, democratic socialist political party in Montenegro.

Serbian Progressive Party

The Serbian Progressive Party (, SNS) is a populist party in Serbia.

Justice and Development Party (Turkey)

The Justice and Development Party is a socially conservative political party in Turkey advocating nationalism, neo-Ottomanism (wanting the country to be like the Ottoman Empire), privatization of certain government services, etc. Although officially not an Islamist political party (because religious parties are officially not allowed in Turkey), it has its roots in Islamism, because its founders and many of its members are Islamists and also advocate Islamism. It has been the goverment after the 2002 general elections in Turkey till today. It was formed in 2001 by Recep Tayyip Erdoğan, who is the leader of the party, and was the Prime Minister of Turkey between 2003-2014 and is the President of Turkey since 2014.

David Norquist

David L. Norquist (born November 24, 1966) is an American financial management professional and government official. He has served as the United States deputy secretary of defense from 2019 to 2021. He served for two days as the acting United States secretary of defense in January 2021.

Teleritmo

Teleritmo (alternately known as TLR) is a network of Spanish language television stations in northeastern Mexico and the southwestern United States. The system is part of Grupo Multimedios. 
The flagship station of Teleritmo is XHSAW-TDT located in Monterrey, Nuevo León. Programming features Mexican regional music and music appeal variety programming.

The company also has network affiliates in many cities, some of which produce local content. The networks spans Northeast and North-Central Mexico, along with the Southwestern United States through over-the-air availability, but is also available nationally in both countries via cable, satellite and IPTV services.

Ahirwal

Ahirwal (meaning land of Ahirs) is a region spanning parts of southern Haryana , north-eastern Rajasthan, and South-Western Delhi. 

Ahirwal was a post-Mughal principality ruled by Ahirs or Yadavs. Also known as Israel of India due to high participation in army and frequent attacks on British and Mughals from this Region.
It was called so by Mughals and post independence by Jawaharlal Nehru after seeing bravery of Ahir soldiers in 1962, Rezangla followed by Chaudhary Charan Singh, Rajiv Gandhi and Narendra Modi in a rally in Rewari, Haryana.
Ahirwal is a region spanning parts of Southern Haryana , North-Eastern Rajasthan, and South-Western Delhi

The region was once a Kingdom based from the town of Rewari (first capital Tijara in Rajasthan) and controlled by members of the Yaduvanshi Ahir community. It can be concluded by saying that Ahirwal provide sturdy recruits and it has got the credit of Israel of India. According to author, Kumvaralala Vyasasishya, the Yadava Ksatriyas colonized Israel as they were also called Hebrew, Definitely, the word Hebrew is corrupt form of the word Abhira as they were pastoral and shepherd as people as famous in the Indian history.

The name translates as "Land of the Ahirs". J. E. Schwartzberg has described it as a "folk region" and Lucia Michelutti as a "cultural-geographic region". It includes parts of the districts of Alwar, Kotputli in Jaipur district in Rajasthan, Mahendragarh, Rewari, Gurgaon, Jhajjar, Charkhi Dadri, bhiwani and parts of Rohtak and Hisar in the state of Haryana and South western Delhi ."

According to Pran Nath Chopra, Haryana got its name from Abhirayana-Ahirayana-Hirayana-Haryana. Ahirwal and Ahirayana ("Hiryana") was referred to this region before modern state of Haryana was formed (in 1966) and even before Independence of India. Thus, modern state Haryana got its name from Ahirwal ("Ahirwati or hirwati") region.

The main language of the area is Ahirwati. It is commonly taken to be a dialect of Haryanvi, but it also has characteristics in common with the neighbouring Western Hindi varieties. The closely related Bangru (also known as Haryanvi) and Hindi are spoken in the region.

Common Proverb in Heerwati - 
It includes parts of the districts of Alwar, Kotputli in Jaipur district, in Rajasthan, Mahendragarh, Rewari, Gurgaon, Jhajjar, Charkhi Dadri, bhiwani and parts of Rohtak and Hisar in the state of Haryana and South western Delhi ." 

 The Ahirwal region in southern Haryana has 11 assembly segments. The Ahirs("heer") from Ahirwal or Hirana (Rewari, Mahendragarh, Narnaul, Jhajjar (now in Haryana), Behrod, Tiara, Khetri(now in Rajasthan)) migrated towards Jaipur after the Battle of Nasibpur in various phases and dominate Jaipur rural lok sabha seat("with more than 3 lakh population").
Spread over 7 Lok Sabha seats( 3 in haryana and 4 in rajasthan) – Bhiwani-Mahendergarh, Gurgaon and Rohtak (one segment only) in Haryana and Alwar ("more than 4 lakh population of Ahirs( heers)"), Jaipur Rural (Jhotwara, shahpura, kotputli, bansur, viratnagar, Amer, phulera with more than 3 lakh voter), Sikar (neema ka thana segment with more than 2 lakh population), Jhunjhunu (one third segment with more than 1 lakh population) in Rajasthan– having a sizeable presence of Ahir voters.

The events at the battle of Rezang La on 18 November 1962 involved many soldiers from the Ahirwal region, who were greatly outnumbered by their Chinese opponents.


In modern era along with farming and defences forces, youth has been inclined towards sports, government jobs, civil services, politics and Real estate.

Ahir ruler of Tijara, acquired the jagir of ancestors yadava . Ruda Singh made Bolni village , south of Haryana his headquarters, 12 km to the east. He cleared the forests and established new villages.

Rao Mitrasen was the son of Rao Tulsiram and Chandravanshi was the Ahir ruler who ruled Rewari. Rao Raja Mitrasen fought with Muslim invaders, British, Kachwaha of Jaipur and Shekhawat Rajput etc. To take revenge on Rewari. For the purpose, in the early months of 1781, the Rajput rulers of Jaipur attacked Rewari, but they were defeated by Rao Mitrasen and suffered heavy losses from a strategic point of view.He Also Faught The Battle Of Mandan at Jhunjunu,Rajasthan.

After Ruda Singh, his son Rao Ram Singh (Ramoji) took over the throne of Rewari. There was an atmosphere of fear and discontent in his kingdom due to bandits and robbers. Ram Singh built a fort at Bolni and deployed soldiers on it for security. He was a fearless warrior so after a long struggle he was able to neutralize the criminals. He arrested two famous bandits and handed them over to Emperor Akbar.

Rao Ram Singh was followed by his son and successor, Shahbaz Singh, who was a contemporary of Shah Jahan and Aurangzeb.

Shahbaz Singh was succeeded by his eldest son, Nandram.[3][6] Aurangzeb edited the title of his jagir and awarded him the title of "Chowdhary".[11] He shifted his headquarters from Bolni to Rewari. The water collector named Nand Sagar in Rewari is still a testimony of his memory.

Balkishan was killed while in Aurangzeb's military service on 24 February 1739 while fighting against Nadir Shah in the Karnal War. Pleased with his bravery, Mohammad Shah gave the title of "Rao Bahadur" to Balkishan's brother Gujarmal and gave a headship of 5000. [3] By expanding the boundary of his kingdom, 52 villages of Hisar district and 52 villages of Narnaul were added to it. His jagir included major cities like Rewari, Jhajjar, Dadri, Hansi, Hisar, Kanaud, and Narnaul. In the year 1743, some more villages with mansabdari of Rs 2,00,578 were also added.

Baloch Raja of Farrukhnagar and Bahadur Singh of Ghasera, a descendant of Hathi Singh, were both fierce enemies of Rao Gujarmal. Bahadur Singh was ruling independent from the Jat king Surajmal of Bharatpur. Then Rao Gujarmal along with Surajmal gave a befitting reply to him. Gujarmal also had friendly relations with Todarmal of Neemrana, father-in-law of Bahadur Singh. In 1750, Todarmal invited Rao Gujarmal at the behest of Bahadur Singh and killed him by deceit.

Rao Gujarmal's son Bhavani Singh became the king after him. Bhavani Singh proved to be lazy. Many parts of his kingdom were captured by the Baloch Nawab of Farrukhnagar, the Nawab of Jhajjar and the Raja of Jaipur and only 22 villages remained with Bhavani Singh. A chieftain of his own kingdom killed him in 1758.

The next Raja Hira Singh was also rejected and the control of Raj Kaj was taken over by a local businessman Jauki Ram. Najaf Quli Khan, a rebel Sardar of Delhi had captured the Gokulgarh Fort. Shah Alam II, the Emperor of Delhi, along with Begum Samru, decided to punish her. On 12 March 1788, Shah Alam camped in Bhadawas and attacked Najaf Quli during the night, in which Najaf Quli was badly damaged. The effect of Begum Samru's artillery forced Quli Khan to compromise.

 
Raja Rao Tula Ram Singh (9 December 1825 – 1863), was an Ahir ruler, He was the chief hero of the independence revolution of 1857 in Haryana.[16] Temporary British rule took root in the southwest of the present day. The credit for overthrowing Haryana and helping the revolutionaries of Delhi with body, mind and money is given to Tularam only. After the revolution of 1857, he left India and sought the help of the rulers of Afghanistan, Iran and the Tsars of Russia for the war of independence of India. But his plan failed due to his death on 23 September 1863 at the age of 38.

 
Rao Gopaldev Singh was a 19th-century revolutionary in Rewari, who, along with his cousin Rao Tularam Singh, took on the British in the Revolution of 1857.

Rao Kishan Gopal was the commander of his army of revolting army of meerut. He was also an officer in the British East India Company. He was the one who killed General Timley in the war.

Pran Sukh Yadav (1802–1888) was a military commander from Behror in Alwar district of Rajasthan (which was under the control of Ahirwal ruler at that time). He was a participant revolutionary in the Revolution of 1857. He was a close friend of Hari Singh Nalwa and the famous Punjab ruler Maharaja Ranjit Singh. In his earlier times, he fought on the side of the Sikh Khalsa army. After the death of Maharaja Ranjit Singh, he participated in the first and second British-Sikh conflicts.


Smart city

A smart city uses information and communication technology (ICT) to improve operational efficiency, share information with the public and provide a better quality of government service and citizen welfare.

The main goal of a smart city is to optimise city functions and promote economic growth while also improving the quality of life for citizens by using smart technologies and data analysis. The value lies in how this technology is used rather than simply how much technology is available.

Angelina Tan

Angelina "Helen" de Luna Tan (born Angelina Beredo de Luna; 1 October 1971) is a Filipina physician and politician. She served as a three-time congresswoman of Quezon's 4th district from 2013-2022 when she was elected as Quezon's new governor, becoming the first woman to hold the office.

Helen is married to Ronnel Tan and have 2 children, including Keith Michael Tan, who is also a politician that was elected and will succeed her as a congressman in Quezon's fourth congressional district.

Tan ran in Quezon's 4th congressional district from 2013-2016 under United Nationalist Alliance and won. She was re-elected in 2016-2019, then 2019-2022 under Nationalist People's Coalition. During this time, Tan became a chairwoman of the Philippine House Committee on Health. As she was term limited, Tan ran for the 2022 Quezon local elections where she won by a majority over her opponent Danilo Suarez, becoming the first woman to hold the office.

Scinax pedromedinae

Henle's snouted tree frog ("Scinax pedromedinae") is a frog. It lives in Bolivia, Brazil, and Peru, in the Amazon Basin. Scientists think it may also live in Colombia.

ACME Night

ACME Night is a weekly American programming block. It premiered on September 19, 2021 on Cartoon Network (September 19, 2021 - August 27, 2023) and on Adult Swim (September 3, 2023 - present) , airing on Sunday evenings. It aired animated and live-action movies and series.

Semillitas

Semillitas is an American Spanish-language pay television channel owned by the media company SomosTV, headed by Luis Villanueva (President & CEO of SOMOS Group). The channel targets children 0–5 years of age with the objective of preserving Hispanic cultural roots and language through entertaining and violence free programming, specifically animation and is distributed in a format without traditional television advertisement. Semillitas, produced in High Definition, programs animation in Spanish 24-hours a day, with closed captioning and video description, utilizing Standard Spanish dialogue.


NickMusic

NickMusic is an American pay television network. It is a spin-off of Nickelodeon. It mainly broadcasts music video and music-related programming from younger pop artists. Some videos are edited to meet a general TV-PG rating, or replaced with a lyric video instead.

The network was launched on May 1, 2002 as "MTV Hits". The network was named for a daily program on MTV also called "MTV Hits". It was MTV's main pop music video program. The network included current hit music videos, along with a few older videos from earlier in the year, as well as a few from the late 1990s. The network maintained a commercial-free format, other than internal promotions for MTV and MTV-branded properties.

In 2005, the network began airing a feature called "My Hitlist Month". It was based on viewer selected playlists that were submitted to a new network website. My Hitlist Month, along with artist-selected playlists, were broadcast occasionally on the network until 2006.

In 2016, MTV Hits was re-branded NickMusic.

How to Play Baseball

How to Play Baseball is a cartoon produced by Walt Disney Productions and released by RKO Radio Pictures in September 1942, featuring Goofy. The short was produced at the request of Samuel Goldwyn and first shown to accompany the 1942 feature film "The Pride of the Yankees".

The Art of Skiing

The Art of Skiing is a Goofy cartoon made by Walt Disney Productions in 1941. It has historical significance as the first cartoon to use the now-famous Goofy holler, as well as the short that led to the "How to..." series, beginning with "How to Play Baseball" (1942) and continuing through "How to Hook Up Your Home Theater" (2007).

Goofy goes to Sugar Bowl Ski Resort, to learn how to ski. The name of the resort can be seen in the opening frames of the cartoon. Sugar Bowl Ski Resort was used because Walt Disney had an interest in the Sugar Bowl ski area, to the extent that one of the peaks at Sugar Bowl is named Mt. Disney after him.

The narrator and the opening titles mention an alternate (and "correct") pronunciation of skiing as "shee-ing", despite the narrator mostly pronouncing it vice versa throughout the short. Another Goofy cartoon featured Goofy himself mentioning this to an Ancient Greek.

This was the first cartoon to use the signature Goofy holler; it is the only vocal uttered by Goofy in the short.



The short was released on December 2, 2002, on "".

Additional releases include:



La stravaganza

La stravaganza (English: "Extravagance"), Op. 4, is a set of violin concertos. It was written by Antonio Vivaldi. It was written for Vettor Delfino, a student of Vivaldi. It was published in Amsterdam in 1716. It was also published in London in 1728.

Chef Donald

Chef Donald is a 1941 American Donald Duck short film. It was directed by Jack King and produced by Walt Disney.

Donald is listening to a radio cooking program and mixes up a batch of waffles. But he's distracted and uses rubber cement instead of baking powder. The batter proves to be unusually stiff. First, his spoon gets stuck and the batter acts like a rubber-band airplane, flying the bowl around the room. 

Next, Donald falls with his head in the batter, he tries to get out but initially, he can't (with angry quacking and a lot of bubbles popping), and his tail in the waffle iron. Then he tries to chop it with an ax, and the ax flies up and splits the room in half. 

Finally, he throws the bowl out the door; it sticks to the knob while the bowl gets stuck between two trees. The stretching causes a branch to knock on the door, tricking Donald into opening it and letting the batter back in. After several attempts, he has had enough and rushes to the radio studio where the cooking program is being broadcast, and takes his anger out on Old Mother Mallard.

As he approaches the radio station, the radio starts shaking and wobbling showing that Donald is violently attacking Old Mother Mallard as an act of revenge.


The short was released on May 18, 2004, on "".

La cetra

La cetra (English: "The cetra"), Op. 9, is a set of 12 violin concertos. It was written by Antonio Vivaldi. It was written for Emperor Charles VI. The emperor gave him a medal and a lot of money for writing the concertos.

There is another set of 12 concertos called "La cetra". This set contains different concertos. It does not have an opus number. Its first violin parts are lost. It was not published.

Lawrencetown, County Down

Lawrencetown is a village in Northern Ireland.

Nola

Nola is a town and a municipality in the Metropolitan City of Naples, Campania, Italy.

This is a list of some notable people who came from Nola.

Nola is twinned with:



Sonic the Hedgehog 3 (movie)

<nowiki> </nowiki>Sonic the Hedgehog 3 is an upcoming American movie scheduled to be released on December 20, 2024. The movie will be distributed by Paramount Pictures. PG-13.

Shadow is set to appear in this movie.

The trailer is rumored to be released a few days after the release of the Knuckles series.

The movie will follow the events of Sonic The Hedgehog 2 (2022) as a sequel to said film and a #threequill to the first Sonic The Hedgehog (2020) film.

Kristine Gebbie

Kristine Moore Gebbie (June 26, 1943 – May 17, 2022) was an American academic and public health official. She was a professor at the Flinders University School of Nursing & Midwifery in Adelaide, Australia. She was born in Sioux City, Iowa. Gebbie was the White House AIDS Policy Coordinator from 1993 until 1994 during the Bill Clinton administration.

Gebbie died on May 17, 2022 in Adelaide from cancer, aged 78.

Pamela Sharples, Baroness Sharples

Pamela Sharples, Baroness Sharples (; 11 February 1923 – 19 May 2022) was a British life peer of the Conservative Party. She was honored with peerage in 1973 after the assassination of her husband, Sir Richard Sharples, Governor of Bermuda. She was on the House of Lords until 2017.

Sharples died on 19 May 2022 at the age of 99.

Jamie Bartlett

James Bartlett (9 July 1966 – 23 May 2022) was a British-born South African actor. He was best known for his role as David Genaro, in "Rhythm City". He was born in Maidenhead, Berkshire, England. His career began in 1984. He also played Sgt. James Gregory in "" (2013).

Bartlett died on 23 May 2022 in Johannesburg, South Africa at the age of 55.

Wendell (footballer, born 1947)

Wendell Lucena Ramalho (21/22 November 1947 – 23 May 2022), known as just Wendell, was a Brazilian football goalkeeper and coach. He played seven matches for the Brazil national football team between 1973 and 1974. He was born in Recife, Brazil.

Wendell died on 23 May 2022 in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil at the age of 74.

Katy Gallagher

Katherine Ruth Gallagher (born 18 March 1970) is an Australian politician. She has been a Senator for the Australian Capital Territory since the 2019 federal election. She is a member of the Australian Labor Party (ALP). She was a Senator from 2015 to 2018, and was Chief Minister of the Australian Capital Territory from 2011 to 2014.

In May 2022, Prime Minister Anthony Albanese picked Gallagher to be Minister of Finance, Minister for Women and Attorney-General of Australia.

Gallagher was born in Canberra, Australia.

Jawed Karim

Jawed Karim (born October 28, 1979) is an American software engineer and Internet entrepreneur. He has a Bangaladeshi descent from his paternal side and a German descent from his maternal side. He is a co-founder of YouTube. He is also the first person to upload a video to the site.

Sergio Moro

Sergio Fernando Moro (; born 1 August 1972) is a Brazilian jurist, former federal judge, college professor and politician. He was one of the lead judges in Operation Car Wash. Moro was also Minister of Justice and Public Security under the Jair Bolsonaro administration from 2019 to 2020. 

He briefly ran for President of Brazil in the 2022 election. Instead, he successfully ran for Senator of Paraná.

Simone Tebet

Simone Nassar Tebet (; born 27 February 1970) is a Brazilian lawyer, professor, writer, and politician. She has represented Mato Grosso do Sul in the Federal Senate since 2015. She was mayor of Três Lagoas from 2005 to 2010. She is a member of the Brazilian Democratic Movement Party.

Tebet came in third place for President of Brazil in the 2022 election. 

Luciano Bivar

Luciano Caldas Bivar (born 29 November 1944) is a Brazilian politician and businessman. He was the PSL candidate for President of Brazil in the 2006 election. He has been the Federal Deputy for Pernambuco since 2019. He ran for president again in the 2022 election, before dropping out in July 2022.

Carl Wheezer

Carlton "Carl" Ulysses Wheezer is a fictional character from the American computer animated film "" and its adapted television series "" created by John A. Davis. Characterized by his extreme obsession with llamas and trademark high-pitched voice, he is one of Jimmy’s best friends.

The character was voiced by voice actor Rob Paulsen who also provides the vocals for his alien equivalent Doppy in its spin-off series "Planet Sheen".

A glasses-wearing boy with very low intelligence and one of Jimmy’s best friends, Carl is characterized by obsessions with llamas (which is a running gag throughout the series), and having a crush on Jimmy's mom, Judy Neutron. His unhealthy love for llamas stemmed when his parents inflated their cable lineups with a show within a show entitled Llama Boy the Superhero. From that point onwards, he goes to drastic measures to emulate them going far enough to a fan club nicknamed the Llama Love Society which is likely invented by himself.

Worthy to note, he has a severe allergen to lima beans, bacteria, and horror stories. Whenever he gets fatigued his mother makes him hot milk, rubs his stomach, and harmonizes nani nani nani.

Carl also has another unhealthy relationship with any types of food imaginable even if they are inedible which is a trait passed from his parents using an edible consumption substitute since they are allergic to nearly everything. Furthermore, he gets quite jealous on Jimmy’s extreme intelligence and 
gaining constant attraction from other girls besides Cindy. Carl has an absolute hatred on testing out his gadgets and serums coming from the fact that they often cause him fatalities or being in a state of endangerment.

A round 10-year-old characterized by his trademark high-pitched voice, Carl has red hair in a weird splat style, small black bead eyes in contrast to the other characters with colored irises, and brown circular spectacles alongside freckles in cheeks. During the series, he wears a yellow shirt with orange stripes alongside overall straps which were not present in the green pants and brown loafers while in the test pilot, he greatly resembles his father. Carl has been left in his underwear on numerous occasions, typically appearing in his tighty whities. Additionally, he has a very slight hunchback.

In both the series and film, he is played by professional voice artist Rob Paulsen. Besides this role, he also lent his vocals to his alien equivalent Doppy in its spinoff series Planet Sheen. Paulsen voices his parents as well and one-shot characters including the owner of a Golden Arches parody nicknamed Skeet in the episode “Men at Work.”

In 2012, a clip of Carl asking for a croissant in a faux-French accent became a popular internet meme.


Alan Gagloyev

Alan Eduardovich Gagloyev (; ; born 6 February 1981) is a South Ossetian politician and intelligence officer. He is the 5th and current president of South Ossetia since May 24, 2022. He is the current chairman of the Nykhaz party since February 2020.

Christian media

Christian media is a genre that exists throughout media formats including music, movies, radio, and books. Christianity has a long history of Christian art. Christian stories are based around the teachings of Jesus and the Bible. Most things that are in the Christian genre are popular with both Christians and people who are not Christian.



Cosmo and Wanda

Cosmo Julius and Wanda Venus Cosma (née Fairywinkle) are fictional characters in the Nickelodeon animated series The Fairly OddParents. The two are a pair of fairies who raise their godchildren Timmy Turner, and in the 10th season Chloe Carmichael in the fictitious city of Dimmsdale, California. 

In contrast to her unintelligent husband Cosmo, as a recurring theme series-wide, Wanda is the smarter of the duo and often grants empty-headed wishes while Cosmo himself is reluctantly one of the most asinine characters featured alongside Mr. Turner. 

The characters are voiced by Daran Norris and Susanne Blakeslee respectively. In addition, the pair also voices Timmy’s parents and their Anti-Fairy counterparts while in the first live made for TV they were portrayed by Jason Alexander and Cheryl Hines, respectively. 

In spite of his unusually low IQ, Cosmo loves his wife and godchild deeply, but due to the lack of said intelligence quotient his wishes often cause tremendous harm or hearing a mondegreen creating chaos. When someone else other than him dates Wanda, he becomes green with envy and usually goes along with Timmy’s wishes while she can get a tad stern with these. Prior to Season 6, he was the last infant to be produced in Fairy World. While impregnated in the events of said episode, he experienced severe mood swings so much that is unnatural fury frightened Wanda and Timmy. Having the almost same hairstyle as Timmy, Cosmo has Chelsea Cucumber green hair and matching eyes and a floating golden crown with light blue wings protruding. His apparel consists of a white business shirt with a black tie matching shirts and because of art style, identical loafers connecting 
his lower extremities. During the show’s early stages, he was initially designed as a Homer Simpson-like character before switching to his current appearance. 

Intelligent and comforting about her godchild, she is the most responsible out of the quartet. Frequently adopting the blame for chaos, she also overlooks at her husband’s dumbness. Because of those, she has a constant habit of nagging. Despite this, she serves as a sensible somebody whenever Cosmo or Timmy makes a wish asinine enough. Furthermore, she can be guilty of making the aforementioned wishes without reading Da Rules book of laws first. Originally designed as a frumpy fairy with a burly build while nicknamed Venus, Wanda has cerise hair tied in a bun and matching eyes, with her lips of the same color. As with her husband, she has light blue wings protruding from her back and a floating golden crown. Her apparel consists of a yellow T-shirt, black slacks, and once more because of the art style, matching loafers connecting her lower extremities. In very early episodes, her complexion was tinted baby pink later changed to regular skin.

Daran Norris was nominated at the 39th Annie Awards for voice acting in a television program, ultimately losing to Jeff Bennett for his role in "Penguins of Madagascar".

 

Lovelock, Nevada

Lovelock is a city in Nevada. It lies in Pershing County and is the only incorporated city in the county. In 2020, 1,805 people lived there. There's a medium-security prison. There is also a train station. Settlers on their way to California used to stop in Lovelock. Today, the city's economy is mostly based on farming and mining. There's also a little tourism.

Disney Magicboard Online

Disney Magicboard Online (迪士尼魔幻飞板) is a racing online game featuring Disney characters. This online game was released only in China on December 10, 2007. It was developed by the China game developer Shanda under license of The Walt Disney Company.

Players can control the magicboard by using the arrow keys on the keyboard. They can choose only one character. After they choose, it cannot change back.



MicroWiki

MicroWiki is a free online encyclopedia website. It was started on 27 May 2005 to make micronational pages with more information than Wikipedia can with its current rules. MicroWiki calls itself the "largest encyclopaedia on micronations".

As of December 2020, MicroWiki had about 115,000 pages.


List of Canada Twenty20 International cricketers

This is a list of Canadian Twenty20 International cricketers.


How to Fish

How to Fish is an animated short produced by Walt Disney Productions and first released on December 9, 1942. It stars Goofy and was directed by Jack Kinney.

Like all "How To" Disney shorts, this one opens with a narrator explaining how to fish, with Goofy acting as the visual narrator. This short film does not have a plot; all the facts are jumbled together, with several humorous facts and clips.


The short was released on December 2, 2002, on "".

Additional releases include:

Robb Elementary School shooting

On May 24, 2022, a mass shooting took place at Robb Elementary School in Uvalde, Texas, United States, when 18-year old Salvador Ramos shot and killed 21 people and injured 18 others. Of the people fatally shot, 19 were students and two were teachers. Earlier that day, Ramos reportedly shot and critically wounded his grandmother.

The attack was the deadliest school shooting in Texas history, the deadliest mass shooting at a U.S. elementary school since the Sandy Hook Elementary School shooting in 2012, the deadliest U.S. school shooting since the Stoneman Douglas High School shooting in 2018, and the 9th deadliest mass shooting in U.S. history.

In 2022, the school had about 600 students in the second through fourth grades. The majority of them were Latino.

The school district had many security measures at the time of the shooting, including four officers working within the school district and a security staff.

The shooter is said to have entered the school at around 11:30a.m. CDT. Police say the shooting began two minutes later, and according to a Facebook post by the school, the school was put on lockdown at 11:43a.m. in response to gunshots in the neighborhood.

U.S. Border Patrol agents began shooting at Ramos after responding to the shooting. Ramos fired back until being shot and killed by a patrol agent.

The children killed were from 2nd, 3rd and 4th grade with ages ranging from aged 7 to 11.

The shooting came less than two weeks after a mass shooting in Buffalo, New York that killed ten people.

The nineteen students and two teachers killed in the shooting were:

Joe García, husband of Irma García, one of the teachers killed in the shooting, died afterwards of a heart attack, with his family saying he died of "grief".

Salvador Rolando Ramos (May 16, 2004 – May 24, 2022) was from North Dakota and lived in Uvalde. He had Hispanic ancestry. Before the shooting, he had no criminal record or documented mental health issues. He had a stutter and a strong lisp and was bullied because of it. He dropped out of high school because of bad attendance and would often get into fights with some of his classmates.

Ramos legally bought a semi-automatic rifle from a local gun store on May 17, 2022, a day after his 18th birthday, and bought another rifle three days later. He had also bought an AR-15 style rifle eight days before the shooting. On May 18, 2022, he bought 375 rounds of ammunition.

U.S. President Joe Biden addressed the nation on the night of the shooting and said: "As a nation we have to ask when in God's name are we going to stand up to the gun lobby...I am sick and tired of it -- we have to act." Biden did not lay out any plan to take action, which disappointed gun control activists. A study found that 90% of Americans supported universal background checks for gun buyers.

Former presidents Bill Clinton, Barack Obama and Donald Trump, and many worlds leaders reacted to the shooting such as Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau, French President Emmanuel Macron, New Zealand Prime Minister Jacinda Ardern, Pope Francis, Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy, and United Nations Secretary-General António Guterres.

In the aftermath of the shooting, the Uvalde police response was criticized for not acting quickly. The police were outside the school and did not enter the school for 40 minutes to an hour after Ramos had entered the building and began shooting.

List of Oman Twenty20 International cricketers

This is a list of Oman Twenty20 International cricketers.
The team's debut came in its last match of the tournament, the fifth-place play-off against Afghanistan. Oman lost the match, played at Castle Avenue, Dublin, by five wickets. 
Oman maintained their T20I status until 2019. In April 2018, the ICC granted full Twenty20 International (T20I) status to all its members, starting from 1 January 2019. Therefore, Oman will retain its T20I status.

"Last updated 24 February 2022"


Spanish East Indies

The Spanish East Indies ( ; Filipino: "Silangang Indiyas ng Espanya") were the overseas territories of the Spanish Empire in Asia and Oceania from 1565 to 1901, They were governed from Mexico City and Madrid through the captaincy general in Manila.
The territories are:

The King of Spain called himself "King of the East and West Indies".

From 1565 to 1821 these territories, together with the Spanish West Indies, were administered through the Viceroyalty of New Spain based in Mexico City. After independence of the Mexican empire, they were ruled directly from Madrid. The territories ruled included present day Philippines, Guam and the Mariana Islands, as well as Palau, part of Micronesia and for a brief period and parts of North Sulawesi and the Moluccas. Cebu was the first seat of government, which later transferred to Manila.

As a result of the Spanish–American War in 1898, the United States of America occupied the Spanish Philippines and Guam, while Spain sold other smaller islands to Germany in the German–Spanish Treaty of 1899. The few remaining islands were ceded to the United States when the Treaty of Washington was ratified in 1901.

Ouka Leele

Bárbara Allende Gil de Biedma (29 June 1957 – 24 May 2022), also known as Ouka Leele, was a Spanish photographer. Her uncle Jaime Gil de Biedma was a famous poet. She was one of the most important photographers during La Movida Madrileña. She also worked as an illustrator and written many poetry books. She was a member of the Agence VU. Leele was born in Madrid, Spain.

Leele died on 24 May 2022 in Madrid at the age of 64.

Yellowstone National Park Protection Act

The Yellowstone National Park Protection Act was an act by the US Congress and signed into law on March 1, 1872 by President Ulysses S. Grant.

Mass shootings in the United States

Mass shootings are events where there are many victims of firearm-related violence. There is no exact definition for a "mass shooting". One definition is that a mass shooting is an act of public firearm violence in which a shooter kills at least four victims. Gang killings, domestic violence, or terrorist acts by an organization are not included. With this definition, one study found that about one-third of the world's public mass shootings between 1966 and 2012 (90 of 292 events) happened in the United States. "The Washington Post" recorded 163 mass shootings in the United States between 1967 and June 2019.

The United States has had more mass shootings than any other country. Shooters generally either die by suicide afterward, are arrested, or are killed by police officers or civilians.

Mass shootings are responsible for under 0.2% of homicides in the country between 2000 and 2016.

According to a March 2022 report, over mass shootings in the last 40 years, in 52% of mass shootings in the United States the shooter was white, 16% were African American, and 8% were Latino. In 96% of mass shootings the shooter was male, in 2% they were female, and in 2% there were both male and female shooters.

Many types of guns have been used in mass shootings in the United States, including semi-automatic handguns, semi-automatic rifles, revolvers, and shotguns. Of the 172 events from 1966 to 2019 that are seen as mass public shootings in the U.S., handguns were used in 77.2% of cases and semi-automatic rifles in 25.1% of cases. From 1966 to 2019, about 77% of mass shooters in the U.S. legally bought the weapons used in the attacks.

In a study, experts said that roughly one-third of acts of mass shootings since the 1990s were committed by people with a "serious mental illness". However, the study also said that people with a serious mental illness are responsible for less than 4% of all the violent acts in the United States. The American Psychiatric Association (APA) said that gun violence is a public health crisis and that a majority of people with mental illness are not violent and "are far more likely to be victims of violent crime." 

In February 2021, a survey published by psychiatrists at Columbia University found that in 1,315 out of 14,785 mass murders around the world, personal motives were the main cause. In only 11% of these 1,315 murders and 8% of these shootings, the murderer had a serious mental illness.

Tagalog Republic

There were two governments called the Tagalog Republic (, which means "Republic of the Tagalog Nation/People"; ). Filipino people made these governments when the Philippines was a colony of Spain, and when it was a colony of the United States. They fought against the Spanish Empire and in the Philippine–American War. Both governments were connected to the Katipunan movement, which wanted the Philippines to be a free country.

Mr. Mouse Takes a Trip

Mr. Mouse Takes a Trip is a 1940 American animated short film produced by Walt Disney Productions and released by RKO Radio Pictures. The film was directed by Clyde Geronimi and features original music by Leigh Harline and Oliver Wallace. The film was animated by Clyde Geronimi, Ken Muse, Ed Love, Marvin Woodward, and Ray Abrams. The voice cast includes Walt Disney as Mickey, Lee Millar as Pluto, and Billy Bletcher as Pete. It was the 109th short in the "Mickey Mouse" film series to be released, and the third for that year.

The fame of the short has since grown some historical significance, as Walt Disney himself was filmed recording his lines as Mickey Mouse for it, making it one of the only times he was shown doing his voice on camera. Alongside him as voice dubbing is actor Billy Bletcher as the voice of Pete.

The cartoon follows Mickey Mouse and his dog Pluto traveling by train, except they have a rule forbidding dogs from entering the train; Pete plays a menacing conductor intent on enforcing this rule.


The short was released on May 18, 2004 on "".

Additional releases include:


2009 Fort Hood shooting

On November 5, 2009, a mass shooting took place at Fort Hood, near Killeen, Texas. Nidal Hasan, a U.S. Army major and psychiatrist, fatally shot 13 people and injured more than 30 others.

It was the deadliest mass shooting on an American military base.

TeleXitos

TeleXitos is an American Spanish language television network owned by NBCUniversal Telemundo Enterprises. Aimed at the Hispanic and Latin American community, the network airs a mix of dramatic television series from the 1970s to the 2000s and movies. All programming is dubbed into Spanish.

Vladimir Averchev

Vladimir Petrovich Averchev (; 1 November 1946 – 24 May 2022) was a Russian politician. He was a Deputy of the State Duma between 1993 and 2000. Averchev was a member of the Yabloko Party. He was born in Pilninsky District, Gorky Oblast, Russian SFSR, Soviet Union.

Averchev died on 24 May 2022 at the age of 75.

Owain Gwynedd

Owain Gwynedd ( 1100 - 23/28 November 1170) was King of Gwynedd and King of all Wales from 1137 until 1170. He ruled over all of Wales. That was not common because Wales rarely ever was united.

TeleHit

TeleHit is a Mexican cable/satellite television network. It has been broadcasting since 1993. Its main programming is music and music videos. It is a part of Televisa Networks, an affiliate of TelevisaUnivision Mexico, and is also available in various countries in Latin America and United States.

Telehit is MTV's second Spanish language music video network. At first, it aired Spanish music. Now it airs a fusion of different musical rhythms, like pop, rock, electronic, hip-hop and reggaeton.

Besides music videos, the channel also broadcasts concerts, TV specials and general-interest content for youth. Telehit has also been a platform for hosts and actors to being into Mexican show business.

The Telehit Awards were first presented on November 5, 2008. It was made to commemorate 15 years of airing on Mexican television. These awards recognize the most outstanding artists in music.






Hywel ab Owain Gwynedd

Hywel ab Owain Gwynedd (1130 - 1170/1171) was briefly King of Gwynedd in late 1170, he was confronted with a coup and killed during battle.

The Anarchy

The Anarchy was a civil war in England from 1135 until 1153, it was started over King Stephen claiming the throne, he would later be temporarily captured in 1141 at the Battle of Lincoln.

Thoughts and prayers

The saying "thoughts and prayers" is often used by politicians and celebrities in the United States as a condolence after a tragic event, such as a deadly natural disaster or mass shooting. 

The phrase has been controversial for its repeated use in terms of gun violence, mass shootings or terrorism. Critics say that "thoughts and prayers" are said instead for action such as gun control or counter-terrorism.

Cinémoi

Cinémoi is a television network focusing on film, fashion and international style.


L'estro armonico

L'estro armonico (English: "The Harmonic Inspiration"), Op. 3, is a set of violin concertos written by Antonio Vivaldi. It was written for Ferdinando de' Medici, Grand Prince of Tuscany. It was published in 1711 in Amsterdam. It was very popular. The concertos are often used to teach playing the violin.

Country (movie)

Country is a 1984 American drama movie directed by Richard Pearce. It stars Jessica Lange (in her Oscar nominated role), Sam Shepard, Wilford Brimley, Matt Clark, Sandra Seacat and was distributed by Touchstone Pictures.


Il cimento dell'armonia e dell'inventione

Il cimento dell'armonia e dell'inventione (English "The contest between harmony and invention"), Op. 8, is a set of violin concertos written by Antonio Vivaldi. The first four concertos are known as "The Four Seasons". It was first published in 1725 in Amsterdam.

BBC World Service

The BBC World Service is an international broadcaster. It is owned and operated by the BBC. It is funding from the British Government through the Foreign Secretary's office. It is the world's largest external broadcaster in terms of reception area, language selection and audience reach. It broadcasts radio news, speech and discussions in more than 40 languages to many parts of the world. It broadcasts on analogue and digital shortwave platforms, internet streaming, podcasting, satellite, DAB, FM and MW relays. 

In 2015, the World Service reached an average of 210 million people a week (via TV, radio and online). In November 2016, the BBC announced that it would start broadcasting in additional languages including Amharic and Igbo.

BBC World Service English maintains eight regional feeds with several programme variations, covering, respectively. The locations are East and South Africa; West and Central Africa; Europe and Middle East; the Americas and Caribbean; East Asia; South Asia; Australasia; and the United Kingdom. 

There are also two separate online-only streams with one being more news-oriented. It is known as "News Internet". The service broadcasts 24 hours a day.

The current director of the BBC World Service is Liliane Landor. The current director of the BBC World Service in English is Mary Hockaday.


RTVI

RTVI (Russian Television International), more recently stylized as RTVi, is a privately-owned international Russian-language television network. Its primary audiences are the Russian-speaking communities of Israel, Germany and the US. RTVI does not broadcast in Russia, but is available to the Russian audience online.

The channel studios are based in New York City, Tel Aviv, Berlin and Riga. Additional news bureaus of RTVi are located in Washington, D.C., London, Moscow, Kyiv, Tbilisi, Yerevan and Chisinau. The channel launched on 1 January 1997 as NTV International, before rebranding as RTVi in 2002.

It has special programs focused on Israeli politics and the Russian-speaking communities (for example, "This Week in Israel") in Israel and also Germany (with the program "This Week in Germany").


List of Hong Kong Twenty20 International cricketers

This list has all members of the Hong Kong cricket team who have played at least one T20I match.

Hong Kong's first T20I was the second match of group A in the 2014 ICC World Twenty20 against Nepal, which they lost by 80 runs. Hong Kong's final match at the 2014 ICC World Twenty20 was the team's first T20I victory. The game was against Bangladesh and Hong Kong won by two wickets.

"Statistics are correct as of 6 March 2020."

Notes:
Ryan Campbell has also played T20 cricket for Australia .


Mark Chapman (cricketer)

Mark Sinclair Chapman was born 27 June, 1994 in Hong Kong. He is a Hong Kong-New Zealand cricketer who played 6 one-day internationals and 32 twenty20 internationals for Hong Kong and New Zealand.

Jealous Ones Still Envy 2 (J.O.S.E. 2)

Jealous Ones Still Envy 2 (J.O.S.E. 2) is the fifth studio album by Fat Joe. The album was released on October 6, 2009.

HAMLET (protein complex)

HAMLET (from "Human Alpha-lactalbumin Made LEthal to Thumor cells") is a complex between alpha-lactoalbumin and oleic acid that has been shown to be effective to induce apoptosis in tumor cells.

HAMLET is a potential chemotherapeutic agent. 

Catharina Svanborg, immunologist at Lund University, and her student Anders Håkansson began experimenting in 1992 with human milk, microbes and cells in routine research. By chance, they observed how isolated cancer cells decreased in contact with milk. They formed a team of thesis students to investigate the finding and to search for the mechanism and the component that causes it.

In 1995, Håkansson found an isolated compound in a fraction of human milk that induced what appeared to be apoptosis in human lung carcinoma, pneumococcal bacteria and other pathogens, leaving healthy cells unaffected. It was the perfect cure in that case. The Vice President of the American Cancer Society traveled to Sweden and awarded them a grant to continue researching cancer. The company HAMLET Pharma was created to explore the compound.

The active component responsible for the tumoricidal activity, a complex of alpha-lactoalbumin and oleic acid, was found in 2000. 

Endogenous human alpha-lactoalbumin serves as a cofactor in lactose synthesis, but has no tumoricidal properties. Alpha-lactoalbumin must be partially deployed to allow the release of the calcium ion and its replacement by an oleic acid molecule. Partially folded conformation is essential for HAMLET cytotoxicity. Oleic acid is needed to stabilize this molecule in the partially unfolded state. In recent years, HAMLET's structure, function and clinical applications are under investigation.

HAMLET performs attacks on many different cell organelles, including mitochondria, proteasomes, and histones, and interferes with cellular processes such as macroautophagy. HAMLET has been shown to bind to the cell surface and rapidly invade cells, and tumor cells absorb much more protein than healthy, differentiated cells.

One of HAMLET's most prominent targets once inside the cell is mitochondria. Electron microscopy revealed physical damage to mitochondrial membranes.

Another target of HAMLET is the proteasome. 26S are activated in response to large amounts of HAMLET protein deployed in the cytoplasm, but degradation of HAMLET by the proteasome is unusually slow. However, proteasome inhibition alone does not appear to be responsible for HAMLET-induced cell death, as proteasome inhibitors have been shown to reduce HAMLET cytotoxicity.

HAMLET also targets the nucleus, where it interacts with histones to interfere with transcription processes.

HAMLET cells have shown the physiological characteristics of macroautophagy, a process in which cellular components are sequestered into double-membrane-bound vesicles that fuse with lysosomes for degradation. HAMLET and cells under amino acid starvation conditions (an initiator of macroautophagy) showed similar expression patterns of autophagocytotic proteins and responded equally well to the addition of inhibitors of macroautophagy.

Although HAMLET alone is not active against most bacteria, when it is present along with antibiotics, HAMLET can help. Specifically, HAMLET can cause MRSA bacteria to be sensitive to methicillin, vancomycin, gentamicin, and erythromycin.

Research is underway to determine if this could be a possible treatment for cancer. Animal models of glioblastoma have been successfully studied. The first human trial of the therapy was on benign skin growths (warts) and showed positive results with no side effects.

It is being studied in carcinomas of the lung, throat, kidney, colon, bladder, prostate, and ovaries, as well as in melanomas, glioblastomas, and leukemias. A study of bladder cancer in a mouse found that it caused the elimination of TUNEL-positive cancer cells in the urine, with no adverse side effects on healthy cells.

BBC presents Howard Cohen as an American physicist-theorist with prostate cancer diagnosed in 1999 who decided to start a diet with human breast milk intake after reading works on HAMLET. Anders Håkansson mentioned that, since it is a protein complex, most of it is digested in the stomach, and it is not known how much of the compound can reach a tumor. Cohen has appeared in several US TV-news and in 2020 he participated in Netflix's "(Un)Well" program on human milk. The program addresses the various practices of consuming human milk in adults, including unregulated online shopping and its use by bodybuilders for alleged unproven benefits.

HAMLET Pharma has also made various audiovisuals such as "'This is HAMLET' ."



Banksia tricuspis

Banksia tricuspis, also known as Lesueur banksia or pine banksia, is a plant in the family Proteaceae and is popularly seen in the south-west of Western Australia. It is a short plant with narrow leaves and spikes of golden-coloured flowers.

"Banksia tricuspis" is small tree which grows to a height of with thick, grey, wrinkled, fireproof bark on its trunk. It grows in spring and it's new leaves are pale greenish-brown. The leaves are mostly crowded near the ends of the branches. They are long wide. The upper surface of the leaves is covered with soft hairs at first but the hair fade away as the leaves mature. The lower surface is woolly.

The plant is fireproof and new ones grow after fire. This banksia is mostly found around Mount Lesueur in Lesueur National Park in the Geraldton Sandplains biogeographic region. It grows in rocky lateritic soil in shrubland.

List of Hong Kong ODI cricketers

A One Day International (ODI) is an international cricket match between two representative teams. This is a list of cricketers from Hong Kong that joined ODI matches.

"Last updated 18 September 2018."

Notes:


Samsung Galaxy S series

Samsung Galaxy S is a series of smartphones ever since 2010 with the Galaxy S made by Samsung.

Scinax oreites

The Balzapata snouted tree frog ("Scinax oreites") is a frog. It lives in Peru. Scientists have seen it in rainforests in the mountains. They have seen it between 1600 and 2400 meters above sea level.

Translational symmetry

When someone translates something in the geometric way, they are moving the thing from one place to another without rotating it (turning it around).

Transnational symmetry means that when the thing is translated, it is still exactly the same.

Susan Hood

Susan Hood (born January 21, 1954) is an American author of over 200 children's books.

Susan Hood was born on January 21, 1954 in New Haven, Connecticut.




Tony Anholt

Anthony Anholt known as Tony Anholt was a British actor. He is best known for playing Charles Frere in "Howards' Way", Tony Verdeschi in "", Paul Buchet in "The Protectors" and guest starred in "Coronation Street". He was born in 19 January 1941. He died in 26 July 2002. He was married to Tracey Childs and is the father of actor Christien Anholt of "Relic Hunter" fame.


Great West League

The Great West League (GWL) was a short-season collegiate wood bat baseball league based out of Portland, Oregon and ran from 2016 to 2018. The league was founded in 2014 and consisted of college-age athletes who were only college eligible. League teams were run consistently like professional minor league or independent teams. Operations ceased on October 4, 2018 and several teams went to various other collegiate leagues.

Teams list (years played in the GWL):



Time translation symmetry

Time translation symmetry means that the laws of physics are the same no matter where one is in time.

Time crystals, a state of matter first observed (seen by humans) in 2017, do break the symmetry.

E. Gerald Corrigan

Edward Gerald Corrigan (June 13, 1941 – May 17, 2022) was an American banker and politician. He was the seventh President of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York and Vice-Chairman of the Federal Open Market Committee from 1985 until 1993. Corrigan also worked for Goldman Sachs, retiring in 2016. He was also a member of the Group of Thirty. Corrigan was born in Waterbury, Connecticut.

Corrigan died on May 17, 2022 in Boston, Massachusetts from problems caused by Alzheimer's disease, aged 80.

Thomas Ulsrud

Thomas Ulsrud (21 October 1971 – 24 May 2022) was a Norwegian curler. He was born in Oslo, Norway. He was the skip of the 2014 World champion Norwegian national team. He was a two-time European champion, 14-time Norwegian men's champion and Olympic silver medalist in the 2010 Winter Olympics. 

Ulsrud died on 24 May 2022 in Oslo from cancer, aged 50.

San Ysidro McDonald's massacre

The San Ysidro McDonald's massacre was an act of mass murder which happened at a McDonald's restaurant in the San Ysidro neighborhood of San Diego, California, on July 18, 1984. The shooter, 41-year-old James Huberty, fatally shot 21 people and wounded 19 others before being killed by a police sniper about 77 minutes after the shooting began.

At the time, the massacre was the deadliest mass shooting by a lone gunman in U.S. history.

Huberty was a conspiracy theorist and survivalist, who believed the Cold War was going to end the world and that president Jimmy Carter and, later, Ronald Reagan and the United States government were working against him.

Survivalism

Survivalism is a social movement of people or groups (called survivalists or preppers) who prepare for emergencies, including natural disasters. They often prepare for international or global catastrophe. 

Survivalism may be focused on preparing for a personal emergency, such as job loss or being stranded in the wild or under bad weather conditions.

Scinax tropicalia

Tropicalia's snouted tree frog ("Scinax tropicalia") is a frog. Scientists found two different groups of these frogs, both in Brazil. It lives no more than 600 meters above sea level.

This frog lives in forests on the Atlantic side (east side) of Brazil.

The adult male frog is 30.8 to 39.7 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is 35.3 to 44.1 mm long. Its chest and belly are yellow and its throat is orange. This frog is brown in color with darker brown marks. It has dark brown stripes on its inner legs, outer legs, and all of its front and back toes. Its back feet have more webbing than its front feet.

The pupils of the frog's eye open up and down so that the slit goes left to right. It has vomerine teeth in its jaw. The frog's upper front leg is thinner than its lower front leg, and its front feet are large for its body. It has disks on its toes for climbing.

Scientists heard this frog make three kinds of sounds: When the male frog sings for the female frog, he sings one short note. When male frogs see each other, they make other kinds of sounds. A frog may make a short squeak if another male frog comes too close. He may squeak if a male frog tries to mate with him. A male frog may make a long noise if another male tries to push him off a female.

This frog is named after the Tropicália, or Tropicalismo, music.

Three-age system

The three-age system is how some historians and archaeologists divide up prehistoric times. The three ages are named after what early humans were making tools out of during each one. The first was the Stone Age. The second was the Bronze Age. The third was the Iron Age. 

Steph Haydock

Stephanie "Steph" Haydock is a fictional character from the BBC One school-based drama series "Waterloo Road", portrayed by Denise Welch. Steph first appeared in the pilot episode of the series, first broadcast on 9 March 2006. She appeared as a regular character for four years before departing in the series five finale, broadcast on 15 July 2010. Welch left "Waterloo Road" without intending to return for the sixth series, but eventually decided to come back for episodes 9 and 10, broadcast on 20 and 27 October, respectively. Steph appeared in 79 episodes in total.

Steph was part of the original teaching team and was the original Head of French at Waterloo Road, and was good friends with colleagues Grantly Budgen (Philip Martin Brown) and Kim Campbell (Angela Griffin). She had little control over her classes, limited respect from the pupils and is a pretty hopeless teacher. Everyone is fond of her and they turn a blind eye to the brutal fact that she’s a rubbish French teacher, however Steph harbours a maternal nature which is displayed a lot over her time at Waterloo Road. Even though she left the school, she proved a loyal friend to members of staff by returning several times when they needed her.

Steph re-appears in Series 6 Episode 9 and Episode 10 to help Grantly with Fleur's (Lorraine Cheshire) dementia.

Welch won the 2009 and 2010 "TV Quick" and "TV Choice" Award for "Best Actress". 

Thermoelectric effect

The thermoelectric effect is when two different temperatures are shown as electric volts, or the other way around (electric volts are shown as different temperatures). To make this happen, people use a thermocouple. 

John Moriarty (conductor)

John Moriarty (September 30, 1930 – January 5, 2022) was an American conductor and stage director. He worked on productions at opera companies throughout the United States. He was born in Fall River, Massachusetts. He was piano soloist with the Boston Pops, the Boston Civic Symphony, and the Radio Éireann Orchestra of Dublin.

Moriarty died on January 5, 2022 at his home in Fall River at the age of 91.

Barrington Patterson

Barrington Renford Patterson (25 August 1965 – 22 March 2022) was an English kickboxer and mixed martial artist. He competed in the super heavyweight division and once fought for a world International Kickboxing Federation Kickboxing Championship. In October 1999, Patterson made his debut in mixed martial arts (MMA) at an It's Showtime event.

Patterson died of a heart attack in Birmingham, England on 22 March 2022, at the age of 56.

Yuz Aleshkovsky

Iosif Efimovich Aleshkovsky (), known as Yuz Aleshkovsky () (September 21, 1929 – March 21, 2022) was a Russian singer-songwriter, poet and, playwright. He was born in Krasnoyarsk, Siberian Krai, Russian SFSR, Soviet Union. He was a visiting professor at Wesleyan University in the United States. In 1987 he was awarded a Guggenheim fellowship for fiction. In 2002 Aleshkovsky won the Pushkin Prize.

Aleshkovsky died on March 21, 2022 in Tampa, Florida at the age of 92.


Parliament of Tuvalu

The Parliament of Tuvalu (called "Fale i Fono" in Tuvaluan, or "Palamene o Tuvalu") is the unicameral national legislature of Tuvalu. The place at which the parliament sits is called the "Vaiaku maneapa".

Minute Alapati Taupo

Minute Alapati Taupo OBE (1 February 1962 – 23 May 2022) was a Tuvaluan politician, economist and accountant. Taupo was elected to the Parliament of Tuvalu in 2019. He was nominated as Deputy Prime Minister & Minister for Fisheries and Trade that same year. Before, he was the Ambassador to Taiwan from 2013 until 2017. 

Taupo died on 23 May 2022 from a heart attack while giving a speech in Nui, Tuvalu at the age of 60.

Nui (atoll)

Nui is an atoll and one of nine districts of the Pacific Ocean state of Tuvalu. It has a land area of 3.37 km² and a population of 610 in 2017.

David Datuna

David Datuna (; February 10, 1974 – May 24, 2022) was a Georgian-born American artist. He lived in New York City. He was known for his "Viewpoint of Millions" series which talked about the meaning of cultural identity from many points of view.

Datuna died on May 24, 2022 at a hospital in Boston, Massachusetts from lung cancer at the age of 48.

Bath, Michigan

Bath is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Clinton County in the U.S. state of Michigan. It is located in Bath Charter Township. As of the 2020 census, it had a population of 2,841.

Residual value

Residual value is value left over after depreciation. They are dealt with either in Closed or Open Contracts.

Penal labour

Penal labour/servitude is manual labor that someone is required to perform as a punishment for a crime. It almost always is part of a prison sentence and includes chain gangs.

Depreciation

Depreciation is a gradual loss of the value of a certain item or commodity over time.

UPN Kids

UPN Kids is a former American children's programming block that aired on UPN from September 10, 1995 to September 5, 1999. Airing on Sunday mornings, the block aired for one hour (10:00 to 11:00am), then two hours the following year (9:00 to 11:00 a.m., regardless of time zone).

Family Guy: Season 10 Episode 2

Thru the Mirror

Thru the Mirror is a Mickey Mouse cartoon short movie produced by Walt Disney Productions. It was released by United Artists in 1936. In this cartoon short, Mickey has a "Through the Looking-Glass"-type dream that he travels through his mirror and enters a topsy-turvy world where everything is alive. While there, he engages in a Fred Astaire dance number with a pair of gloves and a pack of cards, until the cards chase him out of the bizarre world. It was the 83rd Mickey Mouse short film to be released, the fourth of that year.


PXTV

PX Sports (Primero Action Sports Television) is a Spanish-language television channel. It airs music, lifestyle and extreme action sports related programming.

Jealous Ones Still Envy (J.O.S.E.)

Jealous Ones Still Envy (J.O.S.E.) is the fourth studio album by Fat Joe. The album was released on December 4, 2001.

The Time Thing

The Time Thing is the pilot episode of Steven Universe. It first broadcast on May 14, 2013 aired on Cartoon Network.

Eyeglass prescription

An eyeglass prescription or glasses prescription is a prescription for corrective glasses lenses. It specifies what "strength" of lenses the patient needs to see clearly. These prescriptions use dioptres as the measure. They usually have four sections.

The first one is the "base power" (also called "sphere power") measured in diopters (dioptres). Prescriptions for hyperopia have a + sign in front of the number, while prescriptions for myopia have a - sign.

The second is the "cylinder power", which is particularly for people with astigmatism. The "cylinder" refers to the type of corrective lens that treats astigmatism, called a "cylindrical lens".

The third is the "axis component", which measures the position of both the "sphere" and "cylinder" powers.

Chizuko Ueno

Chizuko Ueno has worked her entire career for gender equality in the Japanese society. Her research helped to make gender studies as an acknowledged field of research in Japan.

In 1982, Ueno wrote "The Study of the 'Sexy Girl"' (セクシィ・ギャルの大研究) and "Reading the Housewife Debates" (主婦論争を読む). These were called "The Flagbearers of 1980's Feminism". She studied the relationship between the "Women's Lib" (ウーマン・リブ) movement of the 1960s and Women's Liberation Movement (女性解放運動) of the 1970s. She used structuralist and semiotic theory to sociology to investigate how gender works in society. Along with Asada Akira, Nakazawa Shin'ichi, and Yomota Inuhiko, she was part of the New Academicism Boom (ニュー・アカデミズム・ブーム).

She dropped out of her doctoral course and Ueno worked in a marketing systems think tank. She wrote a lot about consumption and society.

From 1979 to 1989, she was a Lecturer and later Associate Professor at the Heian Women's College. She was an Associate Professor and Professor at the Kyoto Seika University at the Department of Humanities from 1989 to 1994. She is a special guest professor at the Graduate School of Core Ethics and Frontier Sciences at Ritsumeikan University and a professor emeritus at the University of Tokyo. She retired from University of Tokyo to become Chief Director of the Women's Action Network (WAN). The group connects feminists from different backgrounds. In 1994, Ueno received the Suntory Arts and Sciences award for her work, "The Rise and Fall of the Modern Family".

Optometrist

An optometrist is someone who does eye exams and writes eyeglass prescriptions or contact lens prescriptions when needed. They practice optometry.

Optometry

Optometry is the branch of medicine that deals with the health of and problems with people's eyes. Optometrists specialize in "refractive errors" like myopia and hyperopia, for which they can prescribe eyeglasses or contact lenss. Optometry also includes the diagnosing and treatment of eye diseases like glaucoma or "double vision".

Eye examination

An eye exam or eye test is a series of diagnosis examinations conducted by optometrists to determine what vision problem(s) one may have, whether they need a prescription for glasses and how strong (in diopters) the lenses need to be, etc.

Dioptre

The dioptre or diopter is a unit for measuring lens power, particularly corrective lens power.

CGTN Spanish

CGTN Spanish (formerly CCTV International Spanish or CCTV-Español and CCTV-E) is the Spanish language entertainment and news channel of China Global Television Network (CGTN). It is part of the state-owned broadcaster China Central Television (CCTV) originating in China. It is also a part of the Chinese Government's information ministry.

The channel caters to an international audience. All programs are dubbed into Spanish or they have Spanish subtitles. There are also news programs featuring Spanish-speaking reporters. These programs provide both Chinese and international news coverage.

Most programs on CGTN Spanish are 30 minutes long. They feature a variety of content, including news programs, educational programs, and Chinese soap operas.

There are also programs offering tourism advice and showcasing new Chinese artists.
CGTN Spanish was launched on October 1, 2007, as CCTV-E. It replaced the bi-lingual Spanish / French language CCTV E&F channel which was launched on October 1, 2004.

In 2016 CCTV-E partnered with TeleSUR to coproduce a cultural program called "Prisma".

Optical power

Optical power refers to the "strength" of a lens, that is, how much the lens bends light.

Corn Chips

Corn Chips is a 1951 Donald Duck cartoon made by the Walt Disney Animation Studios starring Donald Duck and the chipmunks Chip 'n' Dale. The film was released on March 23, 1951.


The short was released on November 11, 2008 on "".

Offspring

In biology, offspring are the young creation of living organisms. They may be produced by a single organism or, in the case of sexual reproduction, two organisms. 

Collective offspring may be known as a brood or progeny. In a more general way, 'brood' implies a set of simultaneous offspring, such as the chicks hatched from one clutch of eggs. Progeny is a more general word.

The Idiot

The Idiot (pre-reform Russian: Идіотъ; post-reform Russian: Идиот) is a novel by the 19th-century Russian author Fyodor Dostoevsky. It was first published serially in the journal "The Russian Messenger" in 1868–69.

The title is an ironic reference to the central character of the novel, Prince Lev Nikolayevich Myshkin. He is a young man whose goodness, open-hearted simplicity and guilelessness mislead many of the more worldly characters he encounters. They assume he is an idiot because he seems to lack intelligence and insight. In the character of Prince Myshkin, Dostoevsky set himself the task of depicting "the positively good and beautiful man". The novel is about the effect of having such an unusual person at the center of the conflicts, desires, passions and egoism of a worldly society.

Morissette

Johanne Morissette Daug Amon-Lamar (born June 2, 1996), better known by her stage name Morissette, is a Filipina singer, songwriter, producer, actress, and artist. Morissette, who was born and raised in Cebu, rose to popularity when she became runner-up on TV5's Star Factor at the age of 14. In 2012, she made her Broadway debut in the Repertory Philippines production of Disney's Camp Rock.

Morissette appeared on the first season of ABS-CBN's The Voice of the Philippines in 2013, where she joined singer Sarah Geronimo's team. On ABS-CBN's show, ASAP, she debuted in January 2014 as one of the "Homegrown Divas," which eventually became ASAP's "Birit Queens." In early 2014, she signed with Star Music, and her debut album, Morissette, was released in March 2015. In 2017, Morissette was branded "The Next Big Diva." After representing the Philippines at the 14th Asian Song Festival in Busan, South Korea, on September 24, 2017, she was dubbed "Asia's Phoenix." On October 3, 2018, she returned to the same festival to represent the Philippines at the 15th Asian Song Festival in Busan, and she was the only Filipino artist invited to the event twice in a row.


List of Bermuda ODI cricketers

This list includes all players from Bermuda who have played at least one ODI match.


Data breach

A data breach is a security violation. It causes all sensitive, protected or confidential data to be copied, transmitted, viewed, stolen or used by an unauthorized person or organisation. This term is known as unintentional information disclosure, data leak, information leakage, and data spill. A deliberate data breach by a person privy to the information, typically for political purposes, is more often known as a "leak".

Data breaches may involve financial information such as credit card and debit card details, bank details, personal health information (PHI), Personally identifiable information (PII), trade secrets of corporations or intellectual property. Data breaches may involve overexposed and vulnerable unstructured data – files, documents, and sensitive information.

Data breaches can be quite costly to organizations with direct costs (remediation, investigation, etc) and indirect costs (reputational damages, providing cyber security to victims of compromised data, etc.).

ISO/IEC 27040 defines a data breach as: "compromise of security that leads to the accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, alteration, unauthorized disclosure of, or access to protected data transmitted, stored or otherwise processed".



SC Hakoah Hallein

SC Hakoah Hallein was a football club from Hallein in Salzburg. He was founded 1949 in the Displaced Persons camp „Beth Israel“ in Hallein and was the only jewish football club in Salzburg (state).

The team was coached by Heinrich Schönfeld a former football player of Hakoah Wien. SC Hakoah was member of the Salzburger Fußballverbandes (SFV). They played friendly matches versus different teams from Salzburg. In the 1952/52 season they played in the 2. Klasse Gruppe A. Because a lot of the players emigrated the club was dissolved in April 1953.

List of New Zealand Twenty20 International cricketers

This is a list of New Zealand Twenty20 International cricketers. A Twenty20 International is an international cricket match between two representative teams, each having ODI status, as determined by the International Cricket Council (ICC). A Twenty20 International is played under the rules of Twenty20 cricket. The list is arranged in the order in which each player won his first Twenty20 cap. Where more than one player won his first Twenty20 cap in the same match, those players are listed alphabetically by surname.

Statistics are correct as of 21 November 2021.


Bolaji Amusan

Bolaji Amusan is a Nigerian comedian, popularly known as Mr Latin. He was born on October 15, 1966. he is a film maker, producer and a director. since 2018, he has been the president of "Theatre Arts and Movie Practitioners Association of Nigeria".

Nana Abdullahi

Nana abdullahi was born in March 5 1960. She was a Nigerian lawyer.

Abdullahi became the Jigsaw state's first female high court judge In 2010. In 2000 to 2005 Abdullahi served as the solicitor general,general and commissioner for Justice.

Moji Afolayan

Moji Afolayan is a Nigerian actress. She was born on February 5,1968. She is also a film-maker, producer and director.

Scinax ictericus

The Madre de Dios snouted tree frog ("Scinax ictericus") is a frog. It lives in Peru, Brazil, and Bolivia. Scientists have seen it no more than 300 meters above sea level. It lives in places where the water flows into the River Purús and River Madre de Dios.

Akinpelu Oludele Adesola

Akinpelu Oludele Adesola who was born in November 1927. He was a Nigerian professor of surgery and the former vice chancellor of the university of Lagos.

Yemi Adesanya

Yemi Adesanya is a Nigerian writer, accountant and investor. She is the co-founder of "The Arts and Civics Tables(TACT)". Her first piece of poem is titled "Musings of a Tangled Tongue".

Sunday Adewusi

Sunday Adewusi (6 December 1936 – 26 January 2016) was a Nigerian policeman.

List of Guernsey Twenty20 International cricketers

This is a list of Guernsey Twenty20 International cricketers.

Tupolev

Tupolev is a Russian company that works on aerospace and defense. It started off as the Tupolev Design Bureau in 1922. It was founded by Andrei Tupolev.

North American Aviation

North American Aviation (NAA) was an American aircraft manufacturer which built several important planes and spacecraft. 
It was founded in 1928 to buy airlines, but then was forced to give up its control of those airlines because of the Air Mail act of 1934. It then went into manufacturing. The first plane it built was the T-6 Texan. It also built the B-25 Mitchell, the P-51 Mustang, and the F-86 Sabre. It later became part of Boeing after a series of mergers.

North American B-25 Mitchell

The North American B-25 Mitchell was a US bomber aircraft that was put into service in 1941. It served in every theater of World War II and many remained in service afterward. It had many types with different purposes, such as the B-25H with more large-caliber guns, meant to be used on ground targets.

North American T-6 Texan

The North American Aviation T-6 Texan is an American training aircraft. 15,495 were built. They were sometimes used for artillery spotting, observation and coordinating other aircraft. In a few cases, they were even loaded with guns and bombs in order to serve against lightly armed Insurgents. Other times, it was used as a testbed for cockpit displays, with the pilot in the back seat having to fly based on only the new instruments being tested.

Nicolas Turquois

Nicolas Turquois (born 27 July 1972) is a French politician of the Democratic Movement (MoDem). He has been a member of the French National Assembly since the , representing the of Vienne.

Formerly a farmer and deputy mayor of Ouzilly-Vignolles, Turquois resigned from his post in 2006 after a fallout with the local president of the intermunicipal network, after which he joined the , which later became MoDem.

Turquois became a member of the French Commission on the in March 2019 . He has been serving as his parliamentary group's on the government's pension reform plans since 2020.

Irving Gerstein

Irving Russell Gerstein, (born February 10, 1941) is a Canadian businessman and politician. He was appointed to the Senate on January 2, 2009 and retired on February 10, 2016 upon getting to the retirement age of 75.The son of Bertrand and , Gerstein was made a member of the Order of Canada in 1999. In 2002, he was given the Order of Ontario award.
Gerstein is best known for his time as president of Peoples Jewellers. and by 1990, he lead the world’s largest jewelry retail empire.

He has served as a director of , Medical Facilities Corporation, Student Transportation of America, Economic Investment Trust, CTV Inc., Traders Group Limited, , Insurance, and Scott’s Hospitality. 

Gerstein is an honorary director of , where he previously served as chairman of the board, chairman emeritus and director and also a long-time political fundraiser for the Progressive Conservative Party and now the Conservative Party of Canada.

Gerstein received his BSc. in economics from the . He was appointed to the Senate on January 2, 2009 

However on February 23, 2011, Irving Gerstein was charged, along with Senator , with violations of the Canada Elections Act. Elections Canada alleged that Irving Gerstein was involved in a scheme and that was filing false tax claims and exceeding federal spending limits on campaign advertisements. If found guilty, Gerstein would have faced up to a year in prison and fines exceeding $25,000;the charges were dropped though after the Conservative party agreed to pay a $52,000 fine.

Francis Sumner Merritt

Francis "Fran" Sumner Merritt (1913–2000) was an American painter, teacher and arts administrator. Francis Sumner Merritt was born on April 8, 1913, in , . He had his education at the , the San Diego Academy of Fine Arts, the , and at .
Merritt lectured at , , and the (from 1947 to 1951). In 1950, the was founded in , Maine and Merritt served as the school's first director. His wife Pricilla worked on the arts administration for the school. For many years they lived at Centennial House, just outside the town of , Maine.

Merritt died on December 27, 2000, in , . His work is included in the museum collections at the , and the .

Scinax imbegue

Scinax imbegue is a frog. It lives in Brazil. Scientists have seen it up to 700 meters above sea level. It lives in forests where the trees are not too close together.

The adult male frog is 25.6–35.0 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is 28.8–38.0 mm long. This frog is dark brown in color with darker stripes. Sometimes it has two white stripes from each eye to its middle. Not all frogs have this white stripes. There is a dark brown mark between its eyes. Its belly and the place where the legs meet the body is lighter brown. It has disks on its toes for climbing. Not all frogs in this species have the same webbed skin on their feet. Some have more webbing and some have less.

The scientific name of this frog is from the Tupí-guarani language. "I mbegue" means "it is slow." This is for the frog's slow heart.

Szeming Sze

Szeming Sze (; April 5, 1908 – October 27, 1998) was a diplomat for China who helped build the World Health Organization into a specialized United Nations agency.

Sze was born in Tientsin (now Tianjin), People's Republic of China on the 5th of April, 1908. He was the eldest son of Dr. .

He was educated at and (1925 to 1928), and received degrees in chemistry and medicine. He interned in Britain, where at in a slum decided to do public service, before coming back to China in 1934.

He was in the United States when Japan attacked Pearl Harbor in 1941, and he joined the for the Chinese Government. Dr. Sze attended the San Francisco Conference that gave birth to the United Nations as an official of Chinese delegation and medical expert. He later on became his country's Ambassador to Great Britain and, later, the United States.

Dr. Sze became chief of specialized agencies for the Eco-nomic & Social Council of the United Nations. He was greatly disappointed when he was later offered a job at WHO that he couldn't take because of his U.N. commitments.

He became U.N. medical director in 1954, taking care of the permanent staff of about 3000, including inoculating them and preparing them for missions abroad. He held the position for 20 years.

In 1975, , Chief of Health Division during the , said of Dr Sze “...[he] was the member of the Chinese delegation. His father had been the Chinese Ambassador to England and the United States. And Szeming Sze was a very brilliant Chinese”.

In 1998, at the 51st World Health Assembly, the Norwegian Minister of Health, Mr , acknowledged Dr Szeming Sze as “one of the initiators of the WHO”. Mr Høybråten quoted Dr Sze as saying “Of course we can learn from history. We learn from the mistakes made if not from the successes. Learning the reasons why certain things happened often saves us from making the same mistakes again”.

Dr. Sze married to Bessie Li (), a pianist in 1934 and he is survived by a daughter, Diane Wei (); a son, architect Chia-ming Sze (); two sisters, Julia Sze-Bailey, and Alice Wang; five grandchildren, and fourteen great-grandchildren. Sze's granddaughter, (born 1969) won a MacArthur "genius grant" in 2003 for her work as an installation artist. His grandson, , is a managing partner at the venture capital firm .

Dr. Sze died on October 27, 1998 at Presbyterian Senior Care, at in suburban Pittsburgh at the age of 90.

Internet video

Internet video (online video / cloud-based video) are digital videos over the internet. 


Together Breakfast

"Together Breakfast" is the first episode of the first season of Steven Universe, and the first episode overall It first broadcast on November 4, 2013 Steven Universe american animated television series the two episodes of series premiere The episode was written by Joe Johnston and Jeff Liu and directed by Ki-Yong Bae, Young-Wha Yoon, & Seo-Whan Kim and Kevin Dart and Ian Jones-Quartey.
The episode begins first day of Beach City in the morning, where Steven looks for the Gems but discovers the house empty. Regardless, he decides to make breakfast and starts by stacking a tower of waffles. He continues preparing the meal by piling on numerous toppings — syrup, whipped cream, popcorn-completing the breakfast with a strawberry garnish on top. After several additional attempts to gather the Gems, Steven gives up, upset that he made a meal he calls "Together Breakfast" that he cannot share with the others.

Garnet suddenly warps into the room and Steven asks if she would like to have some of his Together Breakfast. She declines because she has to go into the Crystal Temple to burn something. She shows him a scroll with strange patterns and voices emanating from it. Intrigued by it, Steven takes a picture with his phone but Garnet quickly snatches it from him, saying she now has to burn that too and goes into the Temple. Steven tries to open the temple door with his gem. He is unable to and dejectedly goes back to the table. Suddenly, the front door of the Beach House opens. A shape shifted Amethyst as a policeman called the "dumb police" starts yelling that he is dumb. She then squirts a water gun at the Together Breakfast and Steven quickly jumps in front to save it, getting drenched in the process. Steven tells Amethyst that he knew of her disguise the entire time. He puts on a new shirt which Amethyst squirts with her water gun again.

Pearl comes out of the Temple using Amethyst's door and is mad at her for taking one of her swords. Amethyst claims she did not, but rushes back in after Pearl mentions that she cleaned her room. Steven asks if they would like to have his Together Breakfast with him, but they both had gone back inside. Steven quickly follows Pearl through her door without her noticing. He sees Pearl on top of her waterfall dancing with her sword collection and putting everything back in place. When Steven calls out to her, she gets mad at him for being in the Temple, but Steven ignores her and tries to swim over. Pearl warns him to stop, but Steven accidentally swims toward a long waterfall and falls over the edge.

Pearl comes out of the Temple using Amethyst's door and is mad at her for taking one of her swords. Amethyst claims she did not, but rushes back in after Pearl mentions that she cleaned her room. Steven asks if they would like to have his Together Breakfast with him, but they both had gone back inside. Steven quickly follows Pearl through her door without her noticing. He sees Pearl on top of her waterfall dancing with her sword collection and putting everything back in place. When Steven calls out to her, she gets mad at him for being in the Temple, but Steven ignores her and tries to swim over. Pearl warns him to stop, but Steven accidentally swims toward a long waterfall and falls over the edge.

Steven lands in Amethyst's room with the breakfast still intact. Amethyst notices him and complains that Pearl always accuses her of taking her things, but in reality, they always fall down the waterfall into Amethyst's room. She then proceeds to mess up her room again to her standards. Steven says that it still looks pretty messy, which pleases her. Then she notices Steven's breakfast and she insists on eating it. Steven starts running, telling her that it is for everyone, but she still chases him through the Temple.

Steven eventually jumps onto a red glowing pole. Pearl comes in and starts panicking because he is on the Crystal Heart, a glass heart that is connected to the most dangerous areas of the Temple. She tells him to hold still and to not look down but Steven does so and panics, falling down into the depths of the Temple. He eventually slides to a stop above the Burning Room. Then he sees Garnet standing by a pool of lava where she breaks his phone and tosses it in. She begins burning the scroll when the other Gems arrive, whispering to Steven that they should leave. Instead, excited that they are all finally in the same room, he calls out to Garnet, distracting her. The Smoke Monster escapes from the scroll and expands into a large dark cloud.

The Crystal Gems attack the cloud, trying to force it back. The monster rushes at Steven and takes refuge in the Together Breakfast. The breakfast mutates, growing larger, and attacks the Gems. Utilizing the powers of a breakfast, it breaks Pearl's spear and traps her with syrup and whipped cream. It then squashes Garnet and Amethyst with a waffle. It rushes at Steven, but he is able to lift and force the Together Breakfast into the lava pool.

The others walk over to Steven and he apologizes, saying that all he wanted was to have breakfast with them. Later, Garnet, Amethyst, and Pearl help Steven make another Together Breakfast which is bigger and better so they can all share it. They finish it and get ready to eat it, but then they realize that they do not have the appetite to eat it as a result of the morning's events, so they decide to order a pizza. Garnet remarks that "It did try to kill us" as the iris closes on her.

The Custom Mary

The Custom Mary is a 2011 American drama film written and directed by . 

The film features one of the last performances of the late .

Music by the Mexican indie band, , appears throughout the film.


On TheEspresso.com: "The Custom Mary is a welcome expanding of vision and a modern parable worthy of your time."

John Richard Smoak Jr.

John Richard Smoak Jr. (May 11, 1943 – May 2, 2022) was an American politician and lawyer. He was the United States District Judge of the United States District Court for the Northern District of Florida from 2005 until his death. Smoak Jr. was nominated to the court by President George W. Bush. He was born in Columbus, Georgia. 

Smoak Jr. died on May 2, 2022 at his home in Panama City, Florida, nine days before his 79th birthday.

Gennaro Cannavacciuolo

Gennaro Cannavacciuolo (14 February 1962 – 24 May 2022) was an Italian actor, singer, and comedian. He was known for his roles in "Un'estate al mare" and "La vita è una cosa meravigliosa". Cannavacciuolo was born in Pozzuoli, Italy.

Cannavacciuolo died on 24 May 2022 from a heart attack in Rome, Italy at the age of 60.

Angus Macfadyen

Angus Macfadyen (born 21 September 1963) is a Scottish actor. His roles include Robert the Bruce, both in "Braveheart" and "Robert the Bruce", Jeff Denlon in the "Saw" franchise, McCreedy in Cameron Crowe's "We Bought a Zoo," and biologist James Murray in "The Lost City of Z".

Lívia Gyarmathy

Lívia Gyarmathy (8 January 1932 – 25 May 2022) was a Hungarian movie director and screenwriter. She has directed over 20 movies from 1962 until her death. She was a member of the jury at the 40th Berlin International Film Festival. Gyarmathy directed the documentary "" and the movie "Escape from Recsk". She was born in Budapest, Hungary.

Gyarmathy died on 25 May 2022 in Budapest, aged 90.

Thomas S. Murphy

Thomas Sawyer Murphy (May 31, 1925 – May 25, 2022) was an American broadcast executive. He was chair and chief executive officer of Capital Cities / ABC, Inc. until 1996. He co-bought American Broadcasting Company in 1986 for $3.5 billion. Murphy was born in New York City.

Murphy died on May 25, 2022 at his home in Rye, New York six days before his 97th birthday.

Luis Guillermo Eichhorn

Luis Guillermo Eichhorn (26 June 1942 – 25 May 2022) was an Argentine Roman Catholic bishop. Eichhorn was born in Gilbert, Entre Ríos, Argentina. He became a priest in 1968. He was bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Gualeguaychú, Argentina, from 1996 to 2004 and as bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Morón, Argentina from 2004 until his retirement in 2017. Eichhorn was born in Gilbert, Argentina.

Eichhorn died on 25 May 2022 in Gualeguaychú, Argentina from cardiac arrest at the age of 79.

Werner Israel

Werner Israel, (October 4, 1931 – May 18, 2022) was a German-born South African-Canadian physicist, author, researcher, and professor. He taught at the University of Victoria. He was known for his studies of black holes. Israel first stated the No-hair theorem. In 1994, he was made an Officer of the Order of Canada.

Israel died on May 18, 2022 in Victoria, British Columbia at the age of 90.

Wies van Dongen

Wies van Dongen (30 July 1931 – 25 May 2022) was a Dutch professional racing cyclist. He rode in two tournaments of the Tour de France. Dongen was born in Breda, Netherlands.

Dongen died on 25 May 2022, aged 90.

Nusco

Nusco (Irpino: ) is a town and "comune" in the province of Avellino (Campania region) in the south of Italy, east of Naples. About 4,100 people lived here. It is near the mountains between the valleys of the Calore Irpino and Ofanto Rivers.

Yasin Malik

Yasin Malik (born 1966) is a Kashmiri separatist leader and former militant. He supports the separation of Kashmir from both India and Pakistan. He is the Chairman of Jammu Kashmir Liberation Front. Malik did not support violent actions in 1994 and wanted more peaceful methods in the Kashmir conflict. 

In May 2022, Malik said that he was guilty of criminal conspiracy and causing war against the state, and was sentenced to life imprisonment.

North Park Elementary School shooting

On April 10, 2017, a shooting occurred inside a special education classroom at North Park Elementary School in San Bernardino, California. The shooting was an apparent murder-suicide and an act of domestic violence. Three people—the gunman; his wife, who taught at the school; and a student standing behind her—died from their wounds. Another student was wounded and hospitalized.

Hoo Peninsula

The Hoo Peninsula is a peninsula in Kent, England. It separates the estuaries of the Thames and Medway. 

The peninsula has a line of chalk, clay and sand hills, surrounded by a big area of marshland. 

"Hoo" is a Saxon word believed to mean 'spur of land'. Hoo features in the Domesday Book. The peninsula is home to protected wildlife sites. It also has industrial facilities and energy industries.

The mud around the Hoo Peninsula and the neighbouring Isle of Sheppey is mud from the end-Palaeocene and Eocene with plenty of bird remains.

Barry Sheerman

Barry John Sheerman (born 17 August 1940) is a British Labour and Co-operative politician. He is the Member of Parliament (MP) for Huddersfield, previously Huddersfield East, since 1979. He is also Labour's longest continuously serving MP in the current parliament.

On 5 December 2021, Sheerman announced his plans to not run for re-election at the next election; at the time of the announcement he was the longest-serving Labour MP.

Josh Frydenberg

Joshua Anthony Frydenberg () (born 17 July 1971) is an Australian former politician. He was the Treasurer of Australia from 2018 to 2022. He is the deputy leader of the Liberal Party since 2018 and was the Member of Parliament for Kooyong from 2010 to 2022.

He also worked for Deutsche Bank until his election to Parliament in 2010. On 24 August 2018, he was elected Deputy Leader of the Liberal Party.

In February 2022, a Roy Morgan poll showed he was the front runner to be Morrison's potential replacement as leader of the Liberal Party among voters. However, at the 2022 election, Frydenberg lost his seat to the teal independent candidate Monique Ryan.

Rose's Room (Steven Universe)

'"Rose's Room"' is the 38th episode of the first season of Steven Universe, and the 38th episode overall It first broadcast on January 22, 2015 mid-season finale on Cartoon Network the after Adventure Time episode Astral Plane and followed by Uncle Grandpa episode Uncle Grandpa at the Movies second season.

The episode was step into Beach City ends to episode
The episode begins with Steven finishing off a can of creamed corn. The Gems walk in from the temple door, and Steven excitedly tells them that he has eaten four cans of creamed corn due to there being a five dollar coupon for mini-golf because he wants to go with them. Unfortunately, the Gems have to leave on a mission and cannot hang out with Steven.
He decides to play Golf Quest Mini to pass the time and ends up beating the final boss. Just as the Gems return from their mission, Steven reaches a secret ending cutscene in the game. The Gems unintentionally distract Steven while he is watching the video (Amethyst blocking his view, Garnet showing him an ancient object they found called the Wailing Stone, and Pearl explaining what it does).

Amethyst presses the button on the Wailing Stone which produces a deafening sound wave and causes Steven's TV to break. Pearl deactivates it and then proceeds to scold Amethyst, but Amethyst claims that Steven loved the Wailing Stone.

As they yell, Steven vents his frustration of not being able to control anything in his life (not getting to play his mini-golf game, not seeing the secret ending, not being able to stop going to the bathroom after eating all the cans of creamed corn). Steven then says that he wishes for a place just for himself; at this, his gem glows and activates the door to his mother's room.

The Gems tell him not to go inside, but he runs in yelling at them about never wanting to do what he wants and claims that he has a place where he is going and that the Gems were not allowed to come. The door to the room seals and disappears, locking the Gems out. Steven then proceeds to explore his mother's room. When he notes the lack of a bed, one appears out of nowhere. He realizes the room could give him anything he asks for, after asking for a quadruple bunk-bed with a slide and a tiny floating whale. Steven then asks to watch the secret ending of his game without being interrupted.

After he watches the ending again, he starts to feel hungry. The room then gives him a doughnut, but it disappears into a cloud when he tries to bite it. He then asks for a real doughnut, but it disappears again. Wanting an actual doughnut, he walks out of the room to get food, but when he exits the room, the Gems are not around.

When he steps out into Beach City, he sees it's night and hardly anyone is on the streets. At the Big Donut, he finds Lars and Sadie standing side by side smiling and staring at him creepily. The two are unnaturally still and unresponsive. When they do talk, they speak stilted dialogue in unison. Steven asks for one doughnut but is given a bag of three. Lars and Sadie then slide away toward the back of the store, Steven gives chase and exits the Big Donut through the back door and sees Sadie and Lars have disappeared, he finds Onion standing under a streetlight. He offers him a doughnut, but Onion only moves his eyes. Steven puts it on top of his hair and departs.

Steven walks down the boardwalk wondering where everyone is. He passes Beach Citywalk Fries, does a double-take, and sees Frybo in the window, who offers him fries. Steven, assuming that it is Peedee, attempts to talk to him, but Frybo keeps putting fries through each other in exactly the same spot, as if on a loop. Steven gets spooked and leaves to look around some more.

He walks around Beach City Funland, passing the rides, and stopping in front of the arcade. Meat Beat Mania instantly turns on, which shocks Steven. He runs towards the beach and sees Connie looking out at the ocean. He's surprised to see her because she's supposed to be out of town. He looks down and sees that the water seems to be looping (only barely touching her boots) and asks her what's happening. Connie turns around and is stuck on a repeat of saying "He was incredible!" exactly the way she said it in "Bubble Buddies". Steven turns around and sees all the citizens of Beach City, with their faces drastically simplified. Steven again runs away, but not before seeing Lion, not moving, also with a changed face.

The ground turns into water and he falls through, ending up at his dad's car wash. Mr. Universe comes outside and Steven is relieved to see someone acting like their usual self. Everything finally seems normal again as Steven shares doughnuts with his dad and explains how he is sorry that he yelled at the Gems and is just feeling left behind. Greg comforts Steven with some words of wisdom. However, when Steven wonders about the current state of Beach City, Greg starts reciting ill-suited platitudes. Steven realizes something is still wrong. He tries to bite into the doughnut, but it disappears. He then comes to the conclusion that he has been in the room this whole time.

Upon his realization, Beach City and everything in it starts disappearing in large chunks. He runs up the cliff overlooking the town but falls into oblivion as everything disappears, where Steven whimpers that he does not want this. The Tiny Floating whale reappears and asks him what he does want in a serene voice, to which he concludes that he wants to be back with the Gems.

Steven finally falls out of the room and lands on Garnet back in the house. Steven tests if it's really her by chomping on her forearm. Garnet responds with "ow", and Amethyst joyously follows with chomping on Pearl's arm who shrieks in pain. Steven recounts that the room tried to recreate a whole town to the astounded Gems. Pearl states that this is beyond its capability, and expresses relief for Steven's well being. Steven apologizes for snapping at them earlier, revealing that he now understands that he can't get everything he wants all the time. The Gems apologize as well, but the four of them go mini-golfing with their newly acquired free time (Garnet even wears Greg's golf pants.) The episode ends with Steven exclaiming he "always gets what he wants", before the usual cut to black.
"Rose's Room" The Episodes was written and storyboarded by Ian Maxtone-Graham and Ian Jones-Quartey & Joe Johnston and Jeff Liu and directed by Steven Dean Moore and Ian Jones-Quartey animation producer from Film Roman

Athénée Adolphe Max

Athénée Adolphe Max is a secondary school of the City of Brussels which is part of the official education network. It is located to the east of the center of Brussels, near the Squares district .

A first building was designed in 1904 by the architect Edmond De Vigne . In 1909 two secular schools were created. A first Carter high school for girls, later named Carter in homage to the first director, and an athenaeum for boys, later named Athénée Adolphe Max after the famous mayor of Brussels Adolphe Max. In 1978, the two secondary schools merged into a single athénée and adopted the name Athénée Adolphe Max in 1990.

The Adolphe Max Athenaeum is a school based on the promotion of effort in a respectful setting. The objective of the athénée is to transmit quality training to develop their intellectual and moral skills so that they have the level to approach higher education successfully. 

The school has two courtyards :


The establishment has a parents association (APMAX) and a very active Amnesty school group.


Bruno Campos

Bruno Aarón Campos (born December 3, 1973) is a Brazilian-American lawyer and former actor, best known for his roles as Dr. Quentin Costa on the award-winning television series "Nip/Tuck", the voice of Prince Naveen in the Disney animated movie "The Princess and the Frog", various characters on the FOX animated television series "The Simpsons" and Massimo in the Academy Award-nominated Brazilian movie "O Quatrilho". In 2010, Campos attended law school, earning a Juris Doctor in 2013, and currently works for the firm Morgan, Lewis & Bockius.

&quot;No Way to Prevent This&quot;, Says Only Nation Where This Regularly Happens

"No Way to Prevent This', Says Only Nation Where This Regularly Happens" is the title of many articles published by the American news satire organization "The Onion" about the large amounts of mass shootings in the United States and how not a lot is done in the aftermath of these mass shootings.
Each article is about 200 words long, and talks about a different shooting. The article talks about the location of the shooting and the number of victims, but usually remains the same as to other articles. 

A fictional resident, usually of a state in which the shooting did not take place, is quoted as to have said "a terrible tragedy", but "there's nothing anyone can do to stop them". 

These articles end by saying that the United States is the "only economically advanced nation in the world where roughly two mass shootings have occurred every month for the past eight years" and that many Americans feel helpless as they have gotten used to the mass shootings.

Andy Fletcher (musician)

Andrew John Leonard Fletcher (8 July 1961 – 26 May 2022), sometimes known as Fletch, was an English keyboard player, DJ, and a founding member of the electronic band Depeche Mode. In 2020, Fletcher was honored into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame.

Fletcher's death was announced on 26 May 2022. He was aged 60.

Jeepers Creepers (2001 movie)

Jeepers Creepers is a horror movie which also had sequels.

It was directed by Victor Salva with Gina Phillips and Justin Long. It made 59 plus million at box office. Jonathan Breck played the creeper.

Robert David Bennett

Robert David Bennett (12 September 1875 - 26 September 1932) was an Australian criminal and sex offender. He was convicted of the rape of a young girl in Western Australia in 1911 and, despite receiving a life sentence for the crime, he was released in June 1914 under controversial circumstances.

He would later be hanged at Pentridge Gaol on 26 September 1932, being the first execution there, he had first arrived in Australia on 4 June 1886.

His criminal career began when he was sentenced to life in 1911 for rape, but released only six years later. He then went in for armed robbery with an accomplice, Angus Murray, got caught, and was sentenced to 15 years.

The two men escaped from jail in 1923. Murray got clean away, committed a murder during a bank robbery, and was hanged in 1924. Bennett was quickly caught and made to serve his full sentence. Within days of his release he raped a four-year-old girl, for which he earned the dubious distinction of becoming the last man executed for rape in Australia.

St Asaph

St Asaph is the second smallest settlement in the United Kingdom to officially be considered a city. This city in Wales dates to the 9th century when a monastery was built.

Illegal settlement

An illegal settlement or informal settlement is a group of shelters, often tents or shacks constructed without the permission of the local, state/provincial or national government. A tent city is an example of an illegal settlement, as are shanty towns.

Shack

A shack is a makeshift and often rundown building often made of wood or corrugated metal. Shacks seldomly have electricity or plumbing and are typically used either for cheap (often illegal) housing for those too poor to afford anything better, as outbuildings (like storage sheds) or as an alternative to tents when camping.

Outbuilding

An outbuilding is an accessory structure located on the same land lot as a main house or other main building. These include workshops, storage sheds, outhouses and detached garages. The definition may also include accessory dwelling units, although, not always.

Settlement (litigation)

In the legal field, a settlement is an agreement, often to pay for injury or damage, that is reached out of court.

Damage

In English, the word damage has different, but related meanings:


Workshop

A workshop is a building or section of a building for making and repairing certain products, such as automobiles. A workshop can be in a basement, garret/attic, garage etc.

Garret

A garret is a finished, habitable attic. A gambrel roof or mansard roof is best suited to attic habitability. A garret can be an apartment, game room, etc and traditionally would have primarily held the domestic servants rooms.

Gambrel

A gambrel roof is a pitched roof with two slopes. A steeper slope at the lower part capped with a shallow upper slope.

Pitched roof

A pitched roof is a type of roof that slopes on two sides.

Mansard roof

A mansard roof is a hipped roof which has a steep lower slope capped with a shallow upper slope on each side. The "mansard" comes from the French architect Francois Mansart.

Hipped roof

A hipped roof slopes on all sides of the building, thus assuming a pyramidal shape.

Settlement (finance)

In finance, a settlement is the final payment for something before the buyer can assume full ownership of said item.

Corrugated metal

Corrugated metal is typically iron or steel in sheets with "wavy" grooves on it. Corrugated metal is often used as a building material.

Rural settlement

A rural settlement can be a hamlet, village or large farms (such as ranches and plantations).

Closing (real estate)

In real estate settlement refers to the closing that happens when an individual or organization gains possession of a piece of real property.

Settlement (structural)

Structural settlement refers to the disruption or distortion of a building or bridge due to things like


Or 


Ocean colony

An ocean colony is a currently theoretical human settlement on or below the surface of Earth's oceans. A seastead is one example, as is an underwater city.

Fallout shelter

A fallout shelter is a bunker for protection from the fallout of nuclear weapons.

Bomb shelter

A bomb shelter protects against the initial blast and fallout from nuclear weapons.

Support group

A support group or support system is a group of people who do therapy for mental illness, tragedy, etc. Support groups are usually started by people, groups, or doctors who want to help.

Residential institution

A residential institution is a home for people who can't live by themselves or in an ordinary roommate situation due to severe disability, age (below the age of majority if parents or guardians aren't present) because they committed a crime and thus must be put in prison, extreme poverty etc.

Examples of residential institutions include


Enclosure

Enclosure or enclosed may refer to:


Federal Housing Administration

The Federal Housing Administration (abbreviated as FHA) is a United States Federal government agency, the FHA provides subsidized mortgages for select people on low-incomes.

Carlos Miguel Coronel

Carlos Miguel Coronel (born 29 December 1996) is a Brazilian professional footballer. He plays as a goalkeeper for Major League Soccer club New York Red Bulls.

He was born in Porto Murtinho, Brazil. Carlos Coronel started his career in the youth of Red Bull Brasil. Then he went on as second goalkeeper for the first team but did not play.

In the summer of 2015 he moved to Austrian Bundesliga club FC Red Bull Salzburg. There he was loaned to FC Liefering playing in 2. Liga. He made his debut for Liefering in July 2015 when he was in the starting team against SKN St. Pölten. 
In May 2018 he made his debut for Salzburg in the Bundesliga against FK Austria Wien. He also played for FC Liefering during the 2017-18 season. 
On 24 January 2019 he went on loan toMajor League Soccer club Philadelphia Union. He played 4 league matches and 8 matches with the second team Bethlehem Steel FC. In July 2019 he came back to Salzburg.

After Cican Stankovic was injured and substitute goalkeeper Alexander Walke had been injured for a long time he made his UEFA Champions League debut on 23 October 2019 against SSC Napoli in a 2-3 loss. On 6 November 2019 he played in the 1-1 versus Napoli and played very well. He ended the 2019-20 season playing five times in the Bundesliga, one in the ÖFB-Cup and three in the Champions League. Salzburg won the cup and league double that season.

On 26 February 2021 he went on loan to New York Red Bulls. On 17 April 2021 he debuted for New York versus Sporting Kansas City. Coronel ended his first season with New York appearing in 34 league matches and recording 13 clean sheets. 

On 6 December 2021 he went from Red Bull Salzburg to New York signing a three year contract with the club.

Mühlheim am Main

Mühlheim am Main is a town in Offenbach in Hesse, Germany. About 28,500 people live there.

It is on the left bank of the river Main.

Ziesar

Ziesar is a town in Potsdam-Mittelmark in Brandenburg, Germany.

Avellaneda

Avellaneda is a city in the Buenos Aires Province in Argentina. In 2010, 342,677 people lived there. It is south of Buenos Aires, the capital of Argentina.

AR-15 style rifle

An AR-15 style rifle is any light semi-automatic rifle inspired by the Colt AR-15 design. The "AR" in AR-15 stands for "ArmaLite Rifle", not "assault rifle".

The Federal Assault Weapons Ban made it harder for the sale of the Colt AR-15 and some versions of them in the United States from 1994 to 2004, although it did not affect rifles with fewer listed features.

Antonio Salazar (footballer)

Antonio Salazar Castillo (7 February 1989 – 8 May 2022) was a Mexican professional footballer. He last played as striker for Cimarrones de Sonora in Ascenso MX in 2015. His career began in 2007.

Salazar was found burned and dead on 8 May 2022 inside of a trunk of a car in Tonalá, Jalisco, Mexico at the age of 33.

Dick Conway (rugby union)

Richard James Conway (22 April 1935 – 25 May 2022), also known as Red Conway, was a New Zealand rugby union player. He played for the New Zealand national team, the All Blacks, between 1959 and 1965. 

Conway began playing professionally for the first time with Otago in 1957. He went on to play 72 games for Bay of Plenty from 1962 to 1968, and was captain of the team.

Conway began playing for the All Blacks in 1959.

In 1960, he had a finger amputated so he could take part in a tour of Australia and South Africa. This was because he always kept injuring his finger while playing. He broke his finger before the Australia-South Africa tour began and his doctor said if he wanted to keep playing rugby, he would have to amputate it or otherwise it would keep breaking.

Conway worked as a carpenter, and he coached rugby during the 1970s. 

Conway was born in Whakatāne, New Zealand on 22 April 1935. He studied at Whakatane High School. Conway died in Whakatāne on 25 May 2022 at the age of 87.

Enyu Todorov

Enyu Dinev Todorov (; 22 February 1943 – 26 May 2022) was a Bulgarian featherweight freestyle wrestler.
He won a silver medal at the 1968 Summer Olympics in Mexico City. He also won the European title in 1969 and in 1970. Todorov was born in Stara Zagora, Bulgaria.

Todorov died on 26 May 2022 in Sofia, Bulgaria at the age of 79.

Real mode

Real mode is an operating mode for x86 processors. It originated with the Intel 8086. Real mode uses a 20-bit segmented memory address space. This means that real mode can access up to 1,048,576 bytes of memory.

List of Ghana Twenty20 International cricketers

This is a list of Ghanaian Twenty20 International cricketers.

List of Jersey Twenty20 International cricketers

This is a list of Jersey Twenty20 International cricketers.

List of Norway Twenty20 International cricketers

This is a list of Norwegian Twenty20 International cricketers.

"Statistics are correct as of 1 May 2021."

Duck test

The duck test is a type of test that determines whether an unknown thing acts like another thing. More specifically, this test is a form of abductive reasoning, a type of strategy that aims to simplify a conclusion. The duck test is usually written in this expression:

If an unknown subject looks like something that is very similar to a familiar thing, then that unknown subject is concluded to be that familiar thing. In the above example, an unknown subject who swims like a duck and quacks like a duck likely "is" a duck. The duck test can be used to identify similar cases.

The duck test can be used to identify an unknown subject by observing the common habits of that subject. Sometimes, the duck test can be used to prove that the subject is actually not what what it appears to be.

Dogfight (movie)

Dogfight is a 1991 American Vietnam War comedy-drama movie directed by Nancy Savoca and starring River Phoenix, Lili Taylor, Brendan Fraser, E.G. Daily, Mitchell Whitfield, Holly Near. It was distributed by Warner Bros..


Thomas Curnow

Thomas Curnow (1855 - early December 1922) was primarily involved in assisting the capture of Ned Kelly, which ended with Kelly being hanged on 11 November 1880, Curnow was a schoolteacher.

He had alerted authorities about Ned's movements near Glenrowan, which led to his final stand (see Siege of Glenrowan)

Sling Blade

Sling Blade is a 1996 American psychological drama movie directed by Billy Bob Thornton (who also stars) and was based on the 1994 short movie "Some Folks Call It a Sling Blade" by Billy Bob Thornton. It also stars Dwight Yoakam, Robert Duvall, J. T. Walsh, John Ritter, Natalie Canerday, Jim Jarmusch, Mickey Jones and was distributed by Miramax Films. It was nominated for 2 Oscars and won an Academy Award in 1997.


Jerilderie Letter

The handwritten document known as the Jerilderie Letter was dictated by Australian bushranger Ned Kelly to fellow Kelly Gang member Joe Byrne in 1879. It is one of only two original Kelly letters known to have survived.

It contained 56 pages and defended the Kelly Gang's actions due to police brutality against their family.

List of Denmark Twenty20 International cricketers

This is a list of Danish Twenty20 International cricketers.

"Statistics are correct as of 8 May 2022."

Scinax karenanneae

The Vaupes tree frog ("Scinax karenanneae") is a frog. Scientists have only seen it in one place: a rainforest in Vaupés in Colombia.

Scinax tymbamirim

Scinax tymbamirim is a frog. It lives in Brazil.

The adult male frog is 20.6 to 27.4 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is 22.3 to 31.2 mm long.

This frog is brown or orange-brown in color. It has white stripes on its sides, but the stripes are not all one piece. There is a five-sided mark between its eyes. There is yellow color around the mark. There are dark brown stripes across all four legs. Its belly is light brown. This frog has vomerine teeth in its jaw. It has disks on its toes for climbing.

This frog lives on hills 1000 meters high all the way down to sea level lowlands.

The scientific name of this frog comes from the Tupí-guarani language. "Tymba" means "animal" and "mirim" means "small." The scientists named this frog "small animal" because it is smaller that "Scinax alter".

David Holt (voice actor)

David Holt is an English voice actor and writer.

Löwchen

The Löwchen or Petit Chien Lion, is a small toy dog. It dates back to the 1500s. It has been a very popular breed among the European aristocracy for centuries. Later, its popularity decreased. Around 1960 it was considered one of the rarest varieties in the world. In recent years, this sensible, good-natured animal has become more popular again. Height at the withers is . It weighs from . Its long, silky coat is traditionally trimmed to a lion’s shape, which makes it easy to distinguish it from other types of Bichon. At the end of the bare tail, a small tassel is left to make it look more like a lion. All colors are allowed.

Free-living

Free-living may refer to:

Wagner Group

The Wagner Group (Russian: Группа Вагнера, "Gruppa Vagnera"), officially PMC Wagner (Russian: ЧВК «Вагнер», "ChVK «Vagner»"), is a Russian paramilitary, mercenary group, and private military company founded in 2014 by the late Dmitry Utkin and Yevgeny Prigozhin. The group is well known for its alleged involvement in war crimes and neo-Nazism. It usually fights on the side of the Russian government and is sometimes considered Vladimir Putin's private militia, although it rebelled against the Russian government briefly in 2023. The group is currently led by Pavel Prigozhin.

The Wagner Group came to prominence during the War in Donbas and the Russian invasion of Ukraine, especially in the Battle of Bakhmut. It previously helped separatist forces of the self-declared Donetsk and Luhansk People's Republics from 2014 to 2015. Its contractors have taken part in various conflicts around the world—including the civil wars in Syria (on behalf of the Syrian Armed Forces), Libya (on behalf of the Libyan National Army), the Central African Republic (on behalf of the Central African Armed Forces), Mali (on behalf of the Malian Armed Forces), and Sudan (on behalf of the Rapid Support Forces). Additional activities have been reported, though unconfirmed, in the Democratic Republic of the Congo (on behalf of the Armed Forces of the Democratic Republic of the Congo). It usually fights on the side of forces aligned with the Russian government.

In 2023, the Wagner Group launched a rebellion against the Russian Ministry of Defense. The leader of the company, Yevgeny Prigozhin, claimed that the Russian Armed Forces had attacked his forces and that Wagner was going to unleash revenge upon the Russian government. This was followed by a battle in Rostov-on-Don. The rebellion ended after Belarusian President Alexander Lukashenko negotiated a peace deal.

Following the rebellion, Wagner was "de jure" dissolved in Russia and many of its fighters were forced to sign contracts with the Ministry of Defense. The "de facto" remnants of the group relocated to Belarus and set up new bases just north of the border with Ukraine. Not long afterwards, the 2023 Niger coup d'état allowed a military junta to seize power in Niger. The new government allowed Wagner to establish a presence. A month later, Prigozhin and Utkin were presumed dead in the 2023 Tver plane crash.

After Prigozhin's death, his son Pavel Prigozhin became the new leader of the group. Wagner forces began returning to the Russian invasion of Ukraine, although many of the group's previous activities in Ukraine had been mostly taken over by Redut. Wagner also joined the 2023 Israel–Hamas war on the side of Hezbollah.

The Wagner Group started in 2014 when Russia took over Crimea. Until 2022, it wasn't clear who started and ran the group. Dmitry Utkin and Yevgeny Prigozhin were both named as founders and leaders. During Russia's invasion of Ukraine, Prigozhin said he started Wagner and was its head. Some sources say Prigozhin paid for it, while Utkin led its military side.

People talked a lot about Prigozhin being connected to Wagner and Utkin. He was called "Putin's chef" because he cooked for Putin. He was thought to give the most money and really own Wagner. He said he wasn't connected to Wagner and even sued some news sources for saying he was. In 2022, he said he started the group and called it the Wagner Battalion. He became the face of Wagner, but he wasn't in the military, so Utkin actually led the fighting.

Utkin was in the Russian military before Wagner. He was a commander in special forces and fought in wars. Many say he founded Wagner and led it at first. Some say he named the group after his fake name "Wagner." The European Union put sanctions on Wagner and said Utkin was the leader. He was in charge of the fighting part, while Prigozhin owned it.

Pikalov was in charge of Wagner's work in Africa in 2019. He was in a special military unit in Russia before. After he retired, he ran a detective agency. He helped suppress opponents of a Russian-backed leader. He traveled near Ukraine a lot and was part of military actions there and in Syria.




Suppression

Suppression is the restraint or repression of an idea, activity, or reaction by something more powerful, and the conscious inhibition of unacceptable memories, impulses, or desires.

It may also refer to:



Repression

Repression is the action of subduing someone or something by force. It's also a restraint, prevention, or inhibition of a feeling, or a quality; the action or process of suppressing a thought or desire in oneself so that it remains unconscious.


Dominique Brun

Dominique Maaoui-Brun (born 7 May 1964) is a French judoka in the -52 kg category, and local politician. She competed at the 1988 Summer Olympics, winning the silver medal, where judo was for women a demonstration sport, in the half-lightweight event. 

At the 1987 World Judo Championships she became world champion, and in 1986 she won the silver medal. At the European Judo Championships she became European Champion in 1986 and 1987, won the silver medal in 1989 and the bronze medal in 1988. At national championships she became three times national champion and won two bronze medals.

After her career, she joined the French Judo Federation to coach the French junior team, training athletes including Séverine Vandenhende, 2000 Olympic champion.

She returned to Périgord and worked as a sports teacher. She became a politician, becoming deputy mayor of Mareuil-sur-Belle in 2010, and appeared on the candidate list of the Socialist Party of Alain Rousset in the 2010 Aquitaine regional elections.

Khadija Haouati

Khadija Haouati (خديجة الحوات ; born 5 March 1965) is a Moroccan judoka. She competed at the 1988 Summer Olympics, where judo was for women a demonstration sport, in the half-lightweight event. In the quarter finals she was beaten by French Dominique Brun and in the repechages against Japanese Kaori Yamaguchi. 

At the she won the bronze medal in the -56 kg category. She competed at the 2019 World Championships Veterans.

Alireza Najafzadeh

Alireza Najafzadeh is an Iranian actor and director.

He began his professional career as a narrator in the movies (Barshan Footprint) and (Bicycle Run). He entered the Iranian cinema in 1990 with a short role in the movie (Glass Eyes).

The films and serials in which he has acted as an actor are: films (online murder), (waiting), (Companions of the Cave), (Yassin Castle), (Capital 4) and serials ( Hot breath) can be named.

In addition to acting, he has appeared in several films as an assistant, programmer, and director. Among the movies and series in which he has directed can be movies He has acted as a director in films (Bipnah), (Rafiq Fabrik) and serials (Butimar), (Couple or Individual), and (Khoshnam).

Alireza Najafzadeh is the Vice President of the Iranian Cinema House and the Chairman of the Welfare Committee of the Iranian Cinema House.


Kingdom of Montenegro

The Kingdom of Montenegro () was a monarchy in southeastern Europe, present-day Montenegro.

It existed during the tumultuous period of time on the Balkan Peninsula leading up to and during World War I. Officially it was a constitutional monarchy, but absolutist in practice.

On 28 November 1918, following the end of World War I, with the Montenegrin government still in exile, the Podgorica Assembly proclaimed unification with the Kingdom of Serbia, which itself was merged into the Kingdom of Serbs, Croats and Slovenes three days later, on 1 December 1918. This unification with Serbia would last, through various successor states, for almost 88 years, until finally coming to an end in 2006 as Serbia and Montenegro during the aftermath of the Yugoslav Wars .

The Onedin Line

The Onedin Line was a drama TV show about a family who runs a shipping company in the late 19th century. It was on the BBC from 1971 to 1980 for 8 seasons and 91 episodes. It starred Peter Gilmore playing the title character.


Thomas Pierrepoint

Thomas Pierrepoint (1870 - 11 February 1954) was an English hangman, the brother of Henry Pierrepoint and the uncle of Albert Pierrepoint.

The Free Dictionary

The Free Dictionary is a website that puts a lot of information together from different places, like dictionaries and even Wikipedia. It is run by a company called Farlex in Huntingdon Valley, Pennsylvania. 

Farlex also runs The Free Library, which has old classic books and periodicals like newspapers and magazines.

Tetrafluoroethylene

Tetrafluoroethylene (TFE) is a fluorocarbon. It has the chemical formula CF

It is used to make things like Teflon, but it could cause cancer. 

Asexual Visibility and Education Network

Asexual Visibility and Education Network (AVEN) is a network to inform and make asexuality visible.

AVEN was founded by in 2001. While studying at Wesleyan University in Connecticut, he came out as asexual and launched the AVEN website. Referred to by Salon.com as the "unofficial online headquarters" of the asexual movement, AVEN is recognized as the largest asexual community online. The main goal of the site is to create general acceptance and discussion of asexuality, as well as to facilitate the growth of a large asexual society online. AVEN had more than 32,000 registered members in 2011 and 143,000 in 2022.

Parentification

Parentification occurs when a child in a family has to take on the role of an adult. This usually happens when one or both of the parents are unable to take care of themselves because of a disability, so the child becomes their caregiver. It could also be due to the child having to care for younger siblings, or disabled siblings, while their parents are at work.

In some situations where there is abuse in the family, a child might also become the emotional caregiver of a parent, supporting them through traumatic incidents and even protecting them. 

Parentification is very damaging for a child, who ends up missing out on having a childhood.

Hypervigilance

Hypervigilance is a state of heightened awareness, vigilance, and paranoia. It may be caused by trauma, anxiety, or other mental health conditions. People who are hypervigilant may be constantly on the lookout for threats, real or imagined. This can lead to feelings of anxiety, paranoia, and distress.
The symptoms of hypervigilance include:


People with hypervigilance may be constantly scanning their environment for potential threats. This can lead to feelings of paranoia and anxiety. Hypervigilance can also cause problems with concentration and focus. People who are hypervigilant may also have difficulty sleeping and may be easily fatigued.

Jos Buttler

Joseph Charles Buttler, mostly knows as Jos Buttler, is an English international cricketer. He nationally plays for England cricket team and currently is been vice-captain of it. He is a right-handed wicket-keeper-batsman and considered as one of the best batsmen in the world by many.

Quranic studies

Quranic studies is the study of the Quran. The Quran is the holy book of Islam.

Coco Gauff

Cori "Coco" Gauff (born March 13, 2004) is an American professional tennis player.


Plectocephalus formosus

Plectocephalus formosus is a thistle erected by Ravenna as a Centaurea (i.e. C formosa Ravenna)
P formosus (Ravenna) Penneck. and Gl.Rojas

Terminator: Dark Fate

Terminator: Dark Fate is a 2019 American science fiction action directed by Tim Miller and is the last movie in the Terminator series. It stars Arnold Schwarzenegger, Linda Hamilton, Mackenzie Davis, Natalia Reyes, Gabriel Luna, Ben Roberts, Tom Hopper and was distributed by Paramount Pictures.


Hadj Mohammed Mesfewi

Mohammed Mesfewi was a Moroccan serial killer who is notorious for having drugged and murdered women who came to his shop. In total, Mohammed killed 36 women, many of which he had buried under his land. 

Mohammed Mesfewi was originally sentenced to crucifixion for his brutal murders, but foreign diplomats shunned crucifixion as being too cruel and archaic. So the Moroccan government instead chose to wall him up. Mohammed was whipped for days prior to his immurement and a cavity the size of his body was prepared in the bazaar of Marrakesh Morocco. On June 11th 1906, Mesfewi was entombed in this cavity. He could be heard constantly screaming from inside his living tomb for two days straight before succumbing to dehydration.

Alcove

An alcove is a room or area with one side open to the adjacent room.

Castle Island

Castle Island is a peninsula in Boston, Massachusetts which is home to a former fort.

Eviction

Eviction is the process of forcing a tenant or homeowner to move out of a property, usually for failure to pay rent, mortgage or property taxes,(the latter two resulting from foreclosure) or for breaking the rules the landlord, homeowners association or municipality has enacted upon said property. Eviction can take a long time and sometimes is only done as a last resort.

Equity

Equity may refer to:


Housing development

A housing development is a subdivision composed largely or completely of dwelling units such as houses, apartments, etc.

Back Bay, Boston

Back Bay is a neighborhood in Boston, Massachusetts which is full of brownstone townhouses on five floors each.

Equity (real estate)

In real estate equity is the balance between a property's value and what's still owed on the mortgage. People who own properties with sufficient equity can sometimes borrow against it. Reverse mortgagees often depend upon equity.

Gideon Mensah

Gideon Mensah (born 18 July 1998) is a Ghanaian professional footballer. He plays as a defender for Ligue 1 club Auxerre . He also represents the Ghana national team.

He started his career with the West African Football Academy (WAFA). He played his first match in the Ghana Premier League in 2015. 
In July 2016 he went to Austria and joined FC Liefering which played in the Second Austrian League. 2017 he won the UEFA Youth League with the U19 team of FC Salzburg. 

In January 2019, Mensah joined Sturm Graz on loan until the end of the season. On 29 August 2019 he went on to the Belgian club S.V. Zulte Waregem for the 2019–20 season. On 3 August 2021 Mensah joined FC Girondins de Bordeaux on a season-long loan until the end of the season.

Mensah made his debut for the Ghana national team in the 2021 AFCON qualifier against South Africa in 2019. He was part of the Ghana national team in the 2021 Africa Cup of Nations. With Ghana he is qualified for the FIFA World Cup 2022 in Katar.


Hemshin peoples

The Hamshenis (Armenian: Համշէնցիներ, Hamshents’iner) are an people of Armenian origin who traditionally lived in the Rize and Artvin provinces in the Turkey. They are Armenian in origin, and were originally Christian and members of the Armenian Apostolic Church, but over the centuries evolved into a distinct group and converted to Sunni Islam after the conquest of the Ottomans of the region during the second half of the 15th century.

The Principality of Hamamshen was founded in the 790. After the Battle of Manzikert in 1071, Turkish influence emerged strongly in the region, after which the Seljuk Turks and other Turkic tribes established a strong presence in Central Anatolia and the Western Armenian Highlands, often referred to as Eastern Anatolia. In the 15th century, the principality of Hamamshen was incorporated into the Ottoman Empire. During the Turkish rule, two most important developments are human migrations and conversions. Most sources agree that prior to Ottoman era majority of the residents of Hemshin were Christian and members of the Armenian Apostolic Church. The details and the accompanying circumstances for the migrations and the conversions during the Ottoman era are not clearly known or documented.
Hamshenis are speak the Homshetsi dialect of Armenian. UNESCO has categorised Homshetsi as a language that is "clearly in danger".

The results of a 2011 genetic survey based on the Y-chromosomal markers of the Hemshin Armenians indicated the central part of the historical Armenian highlands as a plausible place of origin for the Hemshin population.



SK Sturm Graz II

SK Sturm Graz II is the second team of the Austrian Bundesliga club SK Sturm Graz. They play in the Second league after being promoted in the 2021-22 season.
Since 2003 they played in the Regionalliga Mitte. In the 2021-22 season they won the league and were promoted to Second league for the first time.

Libyan Arab Jamahiriya

Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, formerly the official name for Libya, was a state led by Muammar Gaddafi's unique political ideology, known as the Third International Theory. Gaddafi held power for over four decades until his overthrow in 2011. The regime faced international criticism for human rights abuses, and its collapse led to ongoing political instability and conflict in the region. In 1977 Libya became "Al-Jamahiriya al-`Arabiyah al-Libiyah ash-Sha`biyah al-Ishtirakiyah al-Uzma" . In English, the name means the "Great Socialist People's Libyan Arab Jamahiriya".

The official name "Libyan Arab Jamahiriya" was used for Libya from 1977 to 2011. "Jamahiriya" translates to "state of the masses" in Arabic, reflecting Muammar Gaddafi's political ideology. The term "Arab" denotes the country's cultural and linguistic affiliation.

The Libyan Arab Jamahiriya, established by Muammar Gaddafi in 1977, was characterized by his unique political philosophy called "Jamahiriya," emphasizing direct people's rule. Gaddafi's rule faced both domestic opposition and international isolation. The nation experienced economic challenges, and Gaddafi's controversial policies led to conflicts, including the Lockerbie bombing. In 2011, the Arab Spring fueled a rebellion, resulting in NATO intervention and Gaddafi's overthrow. Post-Gaddafi Libya has struggled with political instability and security issues.

Cardinal Secretary of State

The Secretary of State of His Holiness (), commonly known as the Cardinal Secretary of State, is in charge over the Holy See's Secretariat of State, which is the oldest and most important dicastery of the Roman Curia. The Secretariat of State is seen as the prime minister of the Holy See.

The Secretary of State is currently Cardinal Pietro Parolin.



Pietro Parolin

Pietro Parolin (, ; born 17 January 1955) is an Italian prelate of the Catholic Church. He has been a cardinal since February 2014. He has also been the Vatican's Secretary of State since October 2013 and a member of the Council of Cardinal Advisers since July 2014.

Dee Dee Rescher

Dee Dee Rescher (born August 28, 1953) is an American actress. She is known for her acting and voice-over roles in both film and television.
She is the daughter of Jewish cinematographer Gayne Rescher (Jay Gayne Rescher) and actress Ottilie Kruger. Her paternal grandparents were cinematographer Jay Rescher and silent film actress Jean Tolley, and her maternal grandparents were actor Otto Kruger (who was related to South African pioneer and president Paul Kruger) and Sue MacManamy.



Garth Marenghi's Darkplace

Garth Marenghi's Darkplace is a British horror parody television series. It was created for Channel 4 by Richard Ayoade and Matthew Holness. It first broadcast in 1998. The show focuses on fictional horror author Garth Marenghi (played by Matthew Holness) and his publisher Dean Learner (played by Richard Ayoade), characters who originated in the "Garth Marenghi's Fright Knight" stage show.

This list is ordered by the original air dates on Channel 4 in the United Kingdom.

Dean of the College of Cardinals

The dean of the College of Cardinals () is in charge over the College of Cardinals in the Roman Catholic Church. They are the "primus inter pares" (first among equals). The position was created in the early 12th century. He always holds the rank of a cardinal bishop

The dean is often, but not always, the longest-serving member of the whole College.

In 2019, upon accepting Cardinal Angelo Sodano's resignation as dean of the College of Cardinals, Pope Francis made it that the dean would serve a five-year term that may be renewed once. 

Bernardin Gantin

Bernardin Gantin (8 May 1922 – 13 May 2008) was a Beninese prelate of the Catholic Church. He was the Dean of the College of Cardinals for nine years. He was an auxiliary bishop and then as archbishop of Cotonou. In 1971 he began his thirty-year career in The Vatican. 

Pope Paul VI made him a cardinal in 1977, Pope John Paul II promoted him to the rank of cardinal bishop in 1986, and he was elected dean, the highest office in the College of Cardinals, in 1993. He retired to Benin when he turned 80.

Gantin died at a hospital in Paris, France after a long-illness on 13 May 2008, less than a week after being transferred there from Benin and five days after his 86th birthday.

Sergei Romanovtsev

Sergei Dmitriyevich Romanovtsev (; 29 September 1925 – 26 May 2022) was an officer and colonel of the Soviet Armed Forces. He reached the rank of "polkovnik". In 1944 he was awarded the title of Hero of the Soviet Union.

Romanovtsev died on 26 May 2022, at the age of 96.

Michael Sela

Michael Sela (; Mieczysław Salomonowicz; 2 March 1924 – 27 May 2022) was a Polish-born Israeli immunologist. He was the W. Garfield Weston Professor of Immunology at the Weizmann Institute of Science in Rehovot. He was the president of the Weizmann Institute of Science from 1975 until 1985. He was probably best known as the co-developer (with Ruth Arnon and Dvora Teitelbaum) of the multiple sclerosis drug copaxone.

Sela died on 27 May 2022 at the age of 98.

Muhammadiyah

Muhammadiyah (, followers of Muhammad); also known as the Muhammadiyah Society () is a major Islamic non-governmental organization in Indonesia. The organization was founded in 1912 by Ahmad Dahlan in the city of Yogyakarta. They support "ijtihad" - individual interpretation of "Qur'an" and "Sunnah". It played an important role in the popularity of Salafism in Indonesia. 

Southampton (village), New York

Southampton is a village in Suffolk County, New York, United States. The Village of Southampton is in the southeastern part of the county in the Town of Southampton. The population was 4,550 at the 2020 census.

Water Mill, New York

Water Mill is a hamlet and a census-designated place (CDP) in the Town of Southampton on Long Island in Suffolk County, New York, United States. The population of the CDP was 2,506 at the 2020 census.

Yves Piétrasanta

Yves Piétrasanta (19 August 1939 – 28 May 2022) was a French politician and academic. He was born in Mèze, France. He was a member of the Radical Party of the Left. He was also a member of The Greens. From 1977 until 2001, he was the Mayor of Mèze. He also was a Member of the European Parliament from 1999 until 2004.

Piétrasanta died on 28 May 2022 at the age of 82.

Mèze

Mèze (; ) is a commune in the Hérault department in southern France.

Ruth Arnon

Ruth Arnon (Hebrew: רות ארנון [ʁut aʁ'non], born June 1, 1933) is an Israeli biochemist and academic. She helped discover the multiple sclerosis drug Copaxone. She is the Paul Ehrlich Professor of Immunology at the Weizmann Institute of Science. She is known for her anti-cancer and influenza vaccinations research. Her doctoral advisor was Michael Sela. She won a Wolf Prize in 1998.

Arnon was born in Tel Aviv, Israel. She studied at Herzliya Hebrew Gymnasium and Hebrew University of Jerusalem.


Sarah Lancashire

Sarah-Jane Abigail Lancashire (born 10 October 1964) is an English actress. She is known for her roles in "Coronation Street" (1991–1996, 2000), "Where the Heart Is" (1997–1999), "Clocking Off" (2000) and "Seeing Red" (2000). She has won two BAFTA Awards.

Since the 2010s Lancashire has earned success and critical acclaim for her roles in the drama series "Last Tango in Halifax" (2012–2020) and "Happy Valley" (2014–2023).

In 2022, she played Julia Child in the HBO Max drama "Julia".

Hank Johnson

Henry Calvin Johnson Jr. (born October 2, 1954) is an American lawyer and politician. He is the U.S. representative for since 2007. He is a member of the Democratic Party.

Johnson is one of only three Buddhists to have been in the United States Congress. The others are Senator Mazie Hirono and former Representative Colleen Hanabusa, both of Hawaii.

List of Malaysia Twenty20 International cricketers

This is a list of Malaysian Twenty20 International cricketers.

Scinax lindsayi

Lindsay's snouted tree frog ("Scinax lindsayi") is a frog. Scientists have only seen it in one place: Amazonas, Brazil.

Kochi Tuskers Kerala

The Kochi Tuskers Kerala were a franchise cricket team that played in the Indian Premier League (IPL) and will play IPL 2020 representing the city of Kochi, Kerala. The team was one of two new franchises added to the IPL for the 2011 season, alongside the Pune Warriors India. The team franchise was owned by Kochi Cricket Pvt Ltd., which was a consortium of multiple companies.
Royal Challengers Bangalore

Royal Challengers Bangalore (often abbreviated as RCB) are a franchise cricket team based in Bangalore, Karnataka. They play in the Indian Premier League (IPL).

It was founded in 2008 by United Spirits and named after the company's liquor brand Royal Challenge. Since its inception, the team has played its home matches at the M. Chinnaswamy Stadium.

The Royal Challengers have never won the IPL but finished runners-up on three occasions between 2009 and 2016. Their lack of success over the years despite the presence of various notable players has earned them the tag of "underachievers". The team holds the records of both the highest and the lowest totals in the IPL – 263/5 and 49 respectively.

Gujarat Titans

Gujarat Titans is a cricket franchise based in Ahmedabad, Gujarat, India. The Titans compete in the Indian Premier League (IPL). Founded in 2021, Gujarat Titans' home ground is Narendra Modi Stadium in Ahmedabad. The franchise is owned by CVC Capital Partners. The team is captained by Hardik Pandya and coached by Ashish Nehra.

Diabolik Lovers

Seven games have been released:


The main heroine, Yui Komori, was just a normal teenage girl in high school until her father, a priest, went to travel overseas for work.

Climate model

Climate models are mathematical models that are used to study climate on a planet, and how it changes over time. Climate modelling is very complex, and numerical methods are used, most of the time. Climate models look at how different things, such as the atmosphere, oceans, land surface and ice interact. Climate models are used for different things, such as looking at how the climate in one spot on the earth will be, in the future.

Climate models may also be qualitative (i.e. not numerical) models and also narratives, largely descriptive, of possible futures.

Quantitative climate models take account of incoming energy from the sun as short wave electromagnetic radiation, chiefly visible and short-wave (near) infrared, as well as outgoing long wave (far) infrared electromagnetic. An imbalance results in a change in temperature.

There are different quantitative models: Some are simpler, and others are more complex. A simple model might look at radiant heat tansfer. It may treat the earth as a single point, and only take averages of outgoing energy. Complexity can then be added.

Coupled atmosphere–ocean–sea ice global climate models solve the full equations for mass and energy transfer and radiant exchange. In addition, other types of modelling can be interlinked, such as land use, in Earth System Models, allowing researchers to predict the interaction between climate and ecosystems.

Box models are simplified versions of complex systems, reducing them to boxes (or reservoirs) linked by fluxes. The boxes are assumed to be mixed homogeneously. Within a given box, the concentration of any chemical species is therefore uniform. However, the abundance of a species within a given box may vary as a function of time due to the input to (or loss from) the box or due to the production, consumption or decay of this species within the box.

Simple box models, i.e. box model with a small number of boxes whose properties (e.g. their volume) do not change with time, are often useful to derive analytical formulas describing the dynamics and steady-state abundance of a species. More complex box models are usually solved using numerical techniques.

Box models are used extensively to model environmental systems or ecosystems and in studies of ocean circulation and the carbon cycle.
They are instances of a multi-compartment model.




Babar Azam

Babar Azam (; born 15 October 1994), is a Pakistani cricketer. He captains Pakistan in all formats. He is ranked as the number one batter in ODIs and fourth in T20Is and Tests as of 13 September 2023.
In May 2015, Babar received his call-up to the Pakistani ODI squad during a home series against Zimbabwe. He marked his ODI debut in the third ODI match on May 31st, showcasing his talent by scoring a solid fifty with 54 runs from 60 balls. This impressive start earned him a spot in both the Test and ODI squads for an upcoming series against Sri Lanka, although he didn't play in the Test matches. In the subsequent ODI series, he had a more modest performance, scoring 37 runs in the two matches he participated in. Babar's journey continued as he was included in the squad for the away ODI series against Zimbabwe in September 2015.

He made his Twenty20 International debut for Pakistan against England on 7 September 2016. He scored an unbeaten 15 runs off 11 balls. Pakistan won that match as well as series.

He made his Test debut for Pakistan against the West Indies in Dubai on 13 October 2016 and scored 69 runs in his first innings. He was the first player to score a fifty on his Test debut through a day/night Test.

In the Champions Trophy 2017, Azam scored 46 off 52 balls in the final match against India. Following an impressive Champions Trophy tour, the ICC sent the the World XI team to visit Pakistan for a series of three T20I matches. Azam stood out as the highest run-scorer in the series, amassing an impressive total of 179 runs. At the 2017 PCB awards, he was awarded Pakistan's ODI Player of the year.

Babar captains Karachi Kings in the PSL and captains Central Punjab in domestic cricket. In April 2021, he was the number one spot in the ICC rankings for ODI batsmen. While in November 2021, he became the number one T20I batsman, a ranking he held in 2018.


Tamu Massif

The Tamu Massif is an extinct submarine shield volcano in the northwest Pacific Ocean. It looks like a hybrid between a mid-ocean ridge and a shield volcano. 

In 2013 researchers announced that it could be a single volcano. If true, that would make Tamu Massif the largest known volcano on Earth. 

The Tamu Massif was formed about 145 million years ago during the late Jurassic to early Cretaceous period over a relatively short period of time (a few million years) and then became extinct.

Tamu Massif is in the Shatsky Rise about east of Japan. The volcano covers an area of about 553,000 square kilometers or 214,000 square miles. Its summit is about below the surface of the ocean, and its base extends to about deep. The volcano is about high, standing on the floor of the ocean.


Scinax tsachila

Scinax tsachila is a frog. Scientists have seen from sea level to 1207 meters above sea level. It lives on the Pacific side (west side) of Colombia.

The adult male frog is about 27.2 to 34.2 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is 33.2 to 36.4 mm long. This frog is medium-brown in color. Sometimes it has stripes down its sides and sometimes it does not.

This frog lives in areas where human beings have cut down the trees. Scientists think this frog is not in danger from cutting down too many trees.

The male frog sits on the ground or on low plants and sings for the female. He does this near a pond, lake, or other body of water.

This frog is named after the Tsáchila people, who live nearby.

Valtteri Bottas

Valtteri Viktor Bottas (; born 28 August 1989) is a Finnish motor racing driver currently competing in Formula One for Alfa Romeo, having previously driven for Mercedes from to and Williams from to . Bottas has scored race wins and podiums. He contributed to five constructors championship wins for Mercedes, and has been drivers' championship runner-up twice, in and .

Bottas returned to racing in 2013, as he was chosen as the teammate of Pastor Maldonado at Williams-Renault for the season. On 8 June 2013, Bottas qualified in 3rd position at the Canadian Grand Prix behind Sebastian Vettel (1st), and Lewis Hamilton (2nd). He scored his first points finish at the United States Grand Prix when he came 8th. This result allowed Bottas to finish ahead of Maldonado in the Drivers' Championship.

In January 2017 Mercedes said that they signed Bottas for the 2017 season to partner Lewis Hamilton, replacing the 2016 World Champion Nico Rosberg who retired from the sport. Bottas came 3rd in his first race as a Mercedes driver, the 2017 Australian Grand Prix, behind Sebastian Vettel and Lewis Hamilton.

Poorhouse Rock

"Poorhouse Rock" is the 22nd episode of "The Simpsons" 33rd season. It was first broadcast on the Fox network on May 22, 2022. It is the last episode of the season. In the episode, Bart Simpson wants to have a job like his father Homer, who works as security at a power plant. However, a janitor from Homer's job shows him that the way his parents used to make money is not possible anymore. The episode guest stars Hugh Jackman as the janitor. The episode was watched by about 930,000 people when it was first broadcast.

WGCI-FM

WGCI-FM (107.5 FM) is an urban contemporary radio station that is licensed to Chicago, Illinois, serving the Chicago metropolitan area and Northwest Indiana. It is owned and operated by iHeartMedia (formerly known as Clear Channel Communications until September 2014).

KYLD

KYLD (94.9 FM) is a commercial radio station in San Francisco, California, serving the San Francisco Bay Area and owned by San Antonio–based iHeartMedia. The station airs a Mainstream Top 40 format on its analog primary signal. The station has studios located in the SoMa district of San Francisco, and the transmitter is located atop the San Bruno Mountains.

KMEL

KMEL (106.1 FM) is an urban contemporary radio station that is licensed to San Francisco, California, and serving the San Francisco Bay Area. It is owned and operated by iHeartMedia.

Greeley, Kansas

Greeley is a city in Anderson County, Kansas, United States.

Corbin City, New Jersey

Corbin City is a city in Atlantic County, New Jersey, United States.

Egg Harbor City, New Jersey

Egg Harbor City is a city in Atlantic County, New Jersey, United States.

Estell Manor, New Jersey

Estell Manor is a city in Atlantic County, New Jersey, United States.

Linwood, New Jersey

Linwood is a city in Atlantic County, New Jersey, United States.

Margate City, New Jersey

Margate City is a city in Atlantic County, New Jersey, United States.

Northfield, New Jersey

Northfield is a city in Atlantic County, New Jersey, United States.

Pleasantville, New Jersey

Pleasantville is a city in Atlantic County, New Jersey, United States.

Port Republic, New Jersey

Port Republic is a city in Atlantic County, New Jersey, United States.

Ventnor City, New Jersey

Ventnor City is a city in Atlantic County, New Jersey, United States.

Garfield, New Jersey

Garfield is a city in Bergen County, New Jersey, United States.

Beverly, New Jersey

Beverly is a city in Burlington County, New Jersey, United States.

Bordentown, New Jersey

Bordentown is a city in Burlington County, New Jersey, United States.

North Wildwood, New Jersey

North Wildwood is a city in Cape May County, New Jersey, United States.

Sea Isle City, New Jersey

Sea Isle City is a city in Cape May County, New Jersey, United States.

List of Singapore Twenty20 International cricketers

This is a list of Singaporean Twenty20 International cricketers.

Parallel Voices

Parallel Voices ( ) is a 2005 Kazakhstani Uzbekistani musical drama movie directed by Rustam Khamdamov and starring Renata Litvinova, Roza Dzhamanova, Bibigul Tulegenova, Erik Kurmangaliev.

Punjab Kings

Kings XI Punjab is one of the cricket team of Indian Premier League. The home ground of this team is PCA Stadium of Mohali, Punjab, India. It was established in 2008. Since the IPL season of 2010, Punjab plays some home matches in Dharamsala and in Indore too. In ten IPL seasons, this team has moved to playoff matches two times. In this they moved to final and were the runner ups in the 2014 season.

TNX (group)

TNX (Hangul: 티엔엑스; pronounced as T-N-X, short for "The New Six") is a South Korean boy band formed through a reality show, "LOUD". There are six members in this group and they officially debut on 17 May 2022 with "Way Up" mini album.


Tumdak

The tumdak is a musical instrument. It is used by the Santal people of India and Bangladesh.


Frosty the Snowman (TV special)

Frosty the Snowman is a 1969 American animated Christmas television special produced by Rankin Bass Productions. 



DeKay's brown snake

The Dekay's brownsnake ("Storeria dekayi"), commonly referred to as De Kay's brown snake or the brown snake, is a very small, non-venomous colubrid. It primarily eats slugs, snails and earthworms.

Kolkata Knight Riders

Kolkata Knight Riders (KKR) are a franchise cricket team. It represents the city of Kolkata in the Indian Premier League. The franchise is owned by Bollywood actor Shah Rukh Khan, actress Juhi Chawla and her spouse Jay Mehta. The Knight Riders play at the iconic Eden Gardens stadium.
The franchise, which got popularity due to its celebrity owners, qualified for the IPL playoffs for the first time in 2011. They became the IPL champions in 2012, by defeating Chennai Super Kings in the final. They repeated the feat in 2014, defeating Kings XI Punjab. The Knight Riders hold the record for the longest winning streak by any Indian team in T20s (14).

The side's all-time leading run-scorer is Gautam Gambhir, while their leading wicket-taker is Sunil Narine. The official theme of the team is "Korbo, Lorbo, Jeetbo Re" ("we will perform, fight, and win!") and the official colours are purple and gold.

Sunrisers Hyderabad

Sunrisers Hyderabad (stylised as SunRisers Hyderabad, SRH) are a franchise cricket team based in Hyderabad, Telangana, India. It plays in the Indian Premier League (IPL). The franchise is owned by Kalanithi Maran of the SUN Group. The team was founded in 2012 after the Hyderabad-based Deccan Chargers were terminated by the IPL. The team is currently captained by Kane Williamson and coached by Trevor Bayliss. Their primary home ground is the Rajiv Gandhi International Cricket Stadium, Hyderabad, which has capacity of 55,000.
The team made their first IPL appearance in 2013. It is when they reached the playoffs, and finished in fourth place. The Sunrisers won their maiden IPL title in the 2016 season. They defeated the Royal Challengers Bangalore by 8 runs in the final. The team has qualified for the play-off stage of the tournament in every season since 2016. In 2018, the team reached the finals of the Indian Premier League, but lost to Chennai Super Kings. The team is considered one of the best bowling sides, often admired for its ability to defend low totals. David Warner is the leading run scorer for the side, having won the Orange Cap three times, in 2015, 2017, and 2019. Bhuvneshwar Kumar is the leading wicket-taker having won the Purple Cap twice, in 2016 and 2017. 
The COVID-19 pandemic impacted the brand value of the Sunrisers Hyderabad which saw a decline of 4 percent to 57.4 million in 2020 as the overall brand value of the IPL decreased to 4.4 billion, according to Brand Finance.

Kane Williamson

Kane Stuart Williamson (born 8 August 1990) is a New Zealand international cricketer. He is currently the captain of the New Zealand national team in all formats. He is a right-handed batsman and an occasional off spin bowler.

, Williamson has scored 24 Test and 13 ODI centuries. His highest score in Test is 251 and 148 in ODIs. He is yet to score a century in T20Is.

In the annual ICC Awards in January 2022, Williamson was included in ICC Men's Test Team of the Year for the year 2021.

During the New Zealand vs Pakistan 2014 ODI series, Williamson donated his entire match fee for all five ODIs to the victims of the 2014 Peshawar school massacre. He bowls and bats right handed but writes left handed. 
Williamson and his wife Sarah became parents when their daughter was born in 2020. He stood down from the second Test against the West Indies so he could attend the birth.


Rajasthan Royals

Rajasthan Royals (often abbreviated as RR) are a franchise cricket team based in Jaipur, Rajasthan. It plays in the Indian Premier League (IPL). Founded in 2008 as one of the initial eight IPL franchises, the team is based at the Sawai Mansingh Stadium in Jaipur. The Royals are known to unearth obscure, high potential talent, as well as for their involvement in a number of controversies and scandals.
The team won the inaugural edition of the IPL under the captaincy of Shane Warne, despite being written off as a title contender by the media and fans. The Royals were also the runners-up of the 2013 Champions League Twenty20 under Rahul Dravid's captaincy.

On 14 July 2015, the verdict reached by a panel appointed by the Supreme Court of India suspended Rajasthan Royals and Chennai Super Kings for two years over a 2013 betting scandal. This means they could not participate in both the 2016 and 2017 IPL tournaments. They returned to the competition for the 2018 season.
The team's record run-scorer is Ajinkya Rahane with 3098 runs, while the leading wicket-taker is Shane Watson, with 67.

Gujarat Lions

The Gujarat Lions (often abbreviated as GL) was a franchise cricket team based in the city of Rajkot. It represented Indian state Gujarat in the Indian Premier League (IPL). 
The team played in the IPL for 2 years (the 2016 and 2017 seasons) as one of the replacements for Chennai Super Kings and Rajasthan Royals, who were both suspended for two seasons due to illegal betting by their respective owners. The franchise was owned by Intex Technologies.

The Whalers

The Whalers is a cartoon produced by Walt Disney Productions. It was released by RKO Radio Pictures on August 19, 1938, and featuring Mickey Mouse, Donald Duck and Goofy.



The short was released on December 4, 2001 on "".

Additional releases include:


NY1 Rail and Road

NY1 Rail and Road is a 24-hour cable news channel. It only broadcasts news about traffic and mass transit conditions in the five boroughs of New York City. NY1 Rail and Road updates every five minutes and has feeds for four different zones (Manhattan and Brooklyn, Queens, Staten Island, and the Hudson Valley.) The station airs a constant floating digital aerial map of New York City with a short anchor segment every half-hour, along with periodic cutaways indicating mass transit service changes

Band Internacional

Band Internacional is a Pay TV channel of the Brazilian conglomerate Bandeirantes. It is for Brazilians living in other countries.


NY1 Noticias

NY1 Noticias (pronounced "New York One Noticias", also known as "Spectrum Noticias NY1") is a 24-hour Spanish-language cable news television channel.

Mickey's Trailer

Mickey's Trailer is a 1938 American animated short film. It was produced by Walt Disney Productions and released by RKO Radio Pictures.



Don's Fountain of Youth

Don's Fountain of Youth is a 1953 American animated short film by Walt Disney Productions featuring Donald Duck.



The short was released on November 11, 2008 on "".

Additional releases include:


Let's Stick Together (cartoon)

Let's Stick Together is a 1952 animated short film featuring Donald Duck. It was released by Walt Disney Productions. 

Two old friends, Donald Duck and Spike hang out in a park and look back on their long friendship. They reminisce about picking up trash together, being tattoo artists, and then doing embroidery. Eventually Spike asks for time off and Donald presents him with a custom-built greenhouse full of flowers. Unfortunately is also contains a lady bee, which causes some jealousy from Donald.


The short was released on November 11, 2008 on "".


The New Neighbor

The New Neighbor is a 1953 American animated short film. It was directed by Jack Hannah and produced by Walt Disney, featuring Donald Duck.


The short was released on November 11, 2008, on "".

Additional releases include:



Pluto's Party

Pluto's Party is a 1952 cartoon in the Mickey Mouse series, produced by Walt Disney Productions and released by RKO Radio Pictures on September 19, 1952. It was the 124th short in the "Mickey Mouse" film series to be released, and the first for that year.


The short was released on May 18, 2004, on "".

Kit and Kate

Kit and Kate (stylised as Kit ^n^ Kate; ) is a Russian-French-American series of animated shorts.

It was produced by Russian company Toonbox (whose animation studio and ABC Kids office were later respectively relocated to Cyprus), with a team of American, French and Russian artists.

New Math

New Mathematics or New Math was a change in the way mathematics was taught in schools. It happened between the 1950s, and 1970s. In the United States, it happened shortly after the Sputnik crisis. The goal was to boost students' science education and mathematical skill to meet the technological threat of Soviet engineers. These engineers were said to be very skilled mathematicians.

Topics introduced in the New Math include set theory, modular arithmetic, algebraic inequalities, bases other than 10, matrices, symbolic logic, Boolean algebra, and abstract algebra.

All of the New Math projects emphasized some form of "discovery learning." Students worked in groups to invent theories about problems posed in the textbooks. Materials for teachers described the classroom as "noisy." Part of the job of the teacher was to move from table to table assessing the theory that each group of students had developed and "torpedoing" wrong theories by providing counterexamples. For that style of teaching to be tolerable for students, they had to experience the teacher as a colleague rather than as an adversary or as someone concerned mainly with grading. New Math workshops for teachers, therefore, spent as much effort on the pedagogy as on the mathematics.

Parents and teachers who opposed the New Math in the U.S. complained that the new curriculum was too far outside of students' ordinary experience and was not worth taking time away from more traditional topics, such as arithmetic. The material also put new demands on teachers, many of whom were required to teach material they did not fully understand. Parents were concerned that they did not understand what their children were learning and could not help them with their studies. In an effort to learn the material, many parents attended their children's classes. In the end, it was concluded that the experiment was not working, and New Math fell out of favor before the end of the 1960s, though it continued to be taught for years thereafter in some school districts.

In the Algebra preface of his book, "Precalculus Mathematics in a Nutshell", Professor George F. Simmons wrote that the New Math produced students who had "heard of the commutative law, but did not know the multiplication table".

In 1965, physicist Richard Feynman wrote in the essay, "New Textbooks for the "New" Mathematics":

In his book, "Why Johnny Can't Add: The Failure of the New Math", Morris Kline says that certain advocates of the new topics "ignored completely the fact that mathematics is a cumulative development and that it is practically impossible to learn the newer creations, if one does not know the older ones". He also noted the trend to abstraction in New Math. Kline says "abstraction is not the first stage, but the last stage, in a mathematical development".

As a result of this controversy, and despite the ongoing influence of the New Math, the phrase "new math" is often used now to describe any short-lived fad that quickly becomes discredited. In 1999, "Time" placed it on a list of the 100 worst ideas of the 20th century.




Deni Alar

Deni Alar (born 18 January 1990) is an Austrian professional footballer. He plays as a striker for Austrian Regionalliga club DSV Leoben.

He started his career with FC Zeltweg and DSV Leoben. Then he played for Austrian Football Bundesliga side Kapfenberger SV. He debuted in the Bundesliga on 2 May 2009 versus SV Ried. The next team was Rapid Wien from 2011 till 2016. This transfer was announced on 3 June 2011.

After this time he went to SK Sturm Graz. On 9 May 2018 he played as Sturm Graz beat Red Bull Salzburg in extra time in the 2017/18 Austrian Cup. 2018 he returned to Rapid Wien. On 26 June 2019, he was loaned toLevski Sofia.

On 28 June 2021 he went to SKN St. Pölten. After this year he went to First Vienna. With Vienna he became Champion and the team was promoted to the Second League.

He played 16 matches for the Austrian national U21 team. He was first called in the Austria national team for a 2018 FIFA World Cup qualifier against Republic of Ireland in June 2017. On 14 November 2017 he debuted for the team in a 2–1 victory in a friendly against Uruguay. 

Magician Mickey

Magician Mickey is a 1937 Walt Disney Mickey Mouse cartoon, originally released to theaters on February 6, 1937. This was the 92nd Mickey Mouse short to be released, and the third for that year.

Mickey puts on a magic show, but is interrupted by Donald Duck. Mickey gets his revenge on Donald through his tricks.


The short was released on December 4, 2001, on "".

Additional releases include:

Toonbox

Toonbox is a Russian animation studio founded in Russia. It is currently based in Cyprus.

The studio was founded in 2008, by Pavel Muntyan (CEO) and Vladimir Ponomarev (CCO).



Mickey's Surprise Party

Mickey's Surprise Party is a 1939 American animated short movie. It was produced by Walt Disney Productions. It was distributed by Nabisco. Hamilton Luske directed it. It was the 105th short in the "Mickey Mouse" movie series to be released, and the second for that year. "Mickey's Surprise Party" is the first cartoon with Mickey and Minnie Mouse in their current designs, created by animator Fred Moore.


The Fire Inside

The Fire Inside is the fourteenth studio album by Bob Seger. The album was released on August 27, 1991.

B4U Movies

B4U Movies is a Bollywood movie digital TV channel based in Mumbai available on more than 8 different satellites, in more than 100 countries including the US, UK, Europe, Middle East, Africa, Mauritius, Canada, and India.

The channel broadcasts a mixture of classic and contemporary Bollywood films.

There are 4 different versions of the channel available in the UK, North America, the Middle East and South Asia. Each version of the channel produces a quantity of local programming which reflects the culture and tastes of the local population of the Indian Diaspora. One such program (only shown on the South Asian version of B4U movies) is a talent contest for young actors, directors and screenwriters aged 7–15. The show concluded with the 4 finalists of the contest having their debut films premiered on the channel.



English Council of State

The English Council of State was first appointed by the Rump Parliament on 14 February 1649. This was after the execution of King Charles I. The Council of State is also known as the Protector's Privy Council.

Illkirch-Graffenstaden

Illkirch-Graffenstaden is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France. It is a suburb of the city of Strasbourg. In 2019, 26,698 people live in Illkirch-Graffenstaden.

Nenagh

Nenagh ( or simply "An tAonach") meaning “The Fair of Ormond” or simply "The Fair", is the county town and second largest town in County Tipperary in Ireland. In 2016, 8,968 people live in Nenagh.

Carbonne

Carbonne () is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Haute-Garonne department in southwest France.

Brave Little Tailor

Brave Little Tailor is a 1938 American animated short film. It was produced by Walt Disney Productions and released by RKO Radio Pictures.


Scinax perereca

Scinax perereca is a frog. Scientists have seen it Brazil and Argentina. They think it might also live in Paraguay.

The Olympic Champ

The Olympic Champ is a 1942 Goofy cartoon made by Walt Disney Animation Studios which explains the events in track and field at the Olympic Games.

It starts off with Goofy doing the Olympic torch relay to the cauldron and then explains the events in track and field such as pole vault, relay race, shot put, and other events which end Goofy in the trophy area.


The short was released on December 2, 2002, on "".

Additional releases include:

The Pointer

The Pointer is a 1939 American animated short film produced by Walt Disney Productions. It was released by RKO Radio Pictures on July 21, 1939. The short was directed by Clyde Geronimi and animated by Fred Moore, Frank Thomas, Lynn Karp, Seamus Culhane, Ollie Johnston, Preston Blair, Lester Norvi, John Lounsbery, Claude Smitha, Art Palmer, and Josh Meador.



The short was released on May 18, 2004 on "".

Additional releases include:


RTP Internacional

RTP Internacional (RTPi) is a Portuguese free-to-air television channel owned and operated by state-owned public broadcaster Rádio e Televisão de Portugal.


Coronis

Coronis was one of Apollo's lovers, a Thessalian princess and the mother of Asclepius.

The Filipino Channel

The Filipino Channel, commonly known as TFC, is a 24-hour global subscription television network based in Daly City, California with studio in Redwood City, California.
TFC has offices in Africa, Australia, Brazil, Canada, Cayman Islands, UAE, Ethiopia, Hungary, Israel, Japan, Mexico, Middle East, the Netherlands, New Zealand, South Africa, Malaysia, Singapore, Thailand, Indonesia and the United Kingdom.

On 1 September 2020, TFC Online its online streaming merged with iWant made the service accessible worldwide. It was soft launched as iWantTFC.

Launched on 30 April 2007, TFC IPTV (formerly known as TFCko) is an IPTV and video on demand (VOD) service distributed around the world under the brand of The Filipino Channel.




Phoenix North America Chinese Channel

Phoenix North America Chinese Channel is one of the six channels that Phoenix Television operates. It was launched on 1 January 2001 in order to serve Chinese viewers in North America, and it is the first Chinese language channel that is available across the continent. This channel now broadcasts on both Dish Network and DirecTV satellite systems and shares a similar programming with Phoenix Chinese News and Entertainment Channel. Some of its in-house programmes include "Phoenix North America News" and "Experience America" .



Phoenix InfoNews Channel

Phoenix InfoNews Channel is a Hong Kong pay television news channel owned by Phoenix Television. It is the first channel to report news across the Greater China region, which includes Mainland China, Macau, Taiwan and Hong Kong. This channel was established on 1 January 2001. It delivers news and financial updates around the clock. Analysts also provide comments and analysis on current issues and topics.


Phoenix Hong Kong Channel

Phoenix Hong Kong Channel is one of the six channels that Phoenix Television operates. It was launched on 28 March 2011.




The Nifty Nineties

The Nifty Nineties is an animated short film. It was produced in Technicolor by Walt Disney Productions and released to theaters on June 20, 1941 by RKO Radio Pictures.

Part of the dance sequence with Fred and Ward was reused in a scene in "Jiminy Cricket's You and Your Senses of Taste and Smell."


The short was released on May 18, 2004 on "".


Mickey's Delayed Date

Mickey's Delayed Date is a cartoon produced by Walt Disney Productions. It was distributed by RKO Radio Pictures. It was released on October 3, 1947. The film was directed by Charles Nichols and was animated by Jerry Hathcock, George Kreisl, George Nicholas, Harry Holt, Bob Youngquist, Marvin Woodward, and Max Cox with effects animation by Jack Boyd and Andy Engman. It was the 120th short in the "Mickey Mouse" film series to be released, and the only one produced that year.

It was the last Mickey Mouse cartoon featuring Walt Disney as Mickey Mouse.



The short was released on May 18, 2004, on "".

Additional releases include:


Sacred Spirit

Sacred Spirit is a musical project by Claus Zundel, Ralf Hamm, and Markus Staab and pecy. The music is of electronic, new age, world and ambient genres. Sacred Spirit's total worldwide album sales are estimated to be over 15 million copies. For each album sold, donations are made to the Native American Rights Fund, a non-profit Native American organization devoted to restoring the legal rights of Native Americans.

Released only in Japan

!scope="row"|Worldwide


Teachers (Darwin's Yearbook)

"Teachers" is the sixth and final episode of Darwin's Yearbook. It first broadcast on December 17, 2020 on Cartoon Network.

Adriano Maleiane

Adriano Afonso Maleiane (born 6 November 1949) is a Mozambican economist and politician. He is the prime minister of Mozambique since 2022.

Kongsploitation

Kongsploitation is a giant monster exploitation films subgenre that are either from Hong Kong, United Kingdom, United States, Canada and South Korea are plagiarized or rip-off imitations similar from King Kong. The same was similar to Sharksploitation, Bruceploitation, Turksploitation.

Noted examples of Kongsploitation movies include:

2023 UEFA Champions League Final

The 2023 UEFA Champions League Final was the final game of the 2022–23 season. It was played in Istanbul, Turkey, on June 10, 2023. Manchester City from England played against Inter Milan from Italy, Manchester City won 1–0 with a goal from Rodri in the second half. This marked Manchester City's first European trophy since 1970. They also won the Premier League and FA Cup titles that season, completing a treble. Because they won the Champions League, they got to play against Sevilla, who won the 2022–23 UEFA Europa League, in the 2023 UEFA Super Cup, and they also qualified for the 2023 and 2025 FIFA Club World Cups.

Originally, the final was supposed to be at Wembley Stadium in London, but because of changes caused by the COVID-19 pandemic, it was moved to Istanbul. Munich will host the 2025 final as a result.

The final was originally scheduled to be played at Wembley Stadium in London, England. However, the Allianz Arena in Munich was assigned the 2023 final. This is due to the postponement and relocation of the 2020 final because of the COVID-19 pandemic, When the 2021 final, which had been scheduled at Istanbul, also had to be relocated due to COVID-19 pandemic in Turkey, the 2023 final was given to Istanbul instead. Munich will now host the 2025 final.

The winners will earn the right to play against the winners of the 2022–23 UEFA Europa League in the 2023 UEFA Super Cup.

This will be the second UEFA Champions League final played at the Atatürk Olympic Stadium; the first was held in 2005.

An open bidding process was launched on 22 February 2019 by UEFA to select the 2022 and 2023 UEFA Champions League final venues. Associations had until 22 March 2019 to express interest, and bid information had to be submitted by 1 July 2019.

While the bidding associations have not been confirmed by UEFA, the German Football Association was reported to have bid with the Allianz Arena in Munich, should they not be awarded the 2021 final.

The Allianz Arena was selected by the UEFA Executive Committee during their meeting in Ljubljana, Slovenia on 24 September 2019. The hosts for the 2021 and 2023 UEFA Champions League finals were also appointed at here.

In the final match, Manchester City made a surprise change by putting Nathan Aké in the starting lineup instead of Kyle Walker. Inter Milan stuck with their usual lineup. Both teams had chances to score in the first half, but Inter's goalkeeper André Onana stopped City from taking the lead. There was a scary moment when Kevin De Bruyne got injured and had to leave the game in the first half. The first half ended without any goals, as Inter played defensively.

In the second half, Romelu Lukaku came in for Edin Džeko and had a good chance with a header. In the 68th minute, Rodri scored the first goal for City, thanks to a pass from Bernardo Silva. Inter almost equalized with a header that hit the crossbar, and they had more chances, but Ederson and City's defense held strong. In the end, City won 1–0.

<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>

2022–23 UEFA Champions League qualifying phase and play-off round

The 2022–23 UEFA Champions League qualifying phase and play-off round is scheduled to take place between on 21 June and ended on 24 August 2022.

A total of 53, 54 or 55 teams are expected to compete in the qualifying system of the 2022–23 UEFA Champions League, which includes the qualifying phase and the play-off round, with 42 or 43 teams in Champions Path and 10 or 11 teams in League Path. The six winners in the play-off round (four from Champions Path, two from League Path) advanced to the group stage, to join the 26 teams that enter in the group stage.

Times are CEST (), as listed by UEFA (local times, if different, are in parentheses).

The Champions Path includes all league champions which do not qualify directly for the group stage, and consists of the following rounds:

All teams eliminated from the Champions Path enter either the Europa League or the Europa Conference League:

Below are the participating teams of the Champions Path (with their 2022 UEFA club coefficients), grouped by their starting rounds.

The League Path includes all league non-champions which do not qualify directly for the group stage, and consists of the following rounds:

All teams eliminated from the League Path enter the Europa League:

Below are the participating teams of the League Path (with their 2022 UEFA club coefficients), grouped by their starting rounds.


Each tie, apart from the preliminary round, is played over two legs, with each team playing one leg at home. The team that scores more goals on aggregate over the two legs advance to the next round. If the aggregate score is level at the end of normal time of the second leg, extra time is played, and if the same amount of goals are scored by both teams during extra time, the tie is decided by a penalty shoot-out.

In the preliminary round, the semi-finals and final are played as a single match hosted by one of the participating teams. If the score is level at the end of normal time, extra time is played, and if the same amount of goals are scored by both teams during extra time, the tie is decided by a penalty shoot-out.

In the draws for each round, teams are seeded based on their UEFA club coefficients at the beginning of the season, with the teams divided into seeded and unseeded pots containing the same number of teams. A seeded team is drawn against an unseeded team, with the order of legs (or the administrative "home" team in the preliminary round matches) in each tie decided by draw. As the identity of the winners of the previous round is not known at the time of the draws, the seeding is carried out under the assumption that the team with the higher coefficient of an undecided tie advances to this round, which means if the team with the lower coefficient is to advance, it simply takes the seeding of its opponent. Prior to the draws, UEFA may form "groups" in accordance with the principles set by the Club Competitions Committee, but they are purely for convenience of the draw and do not resemble any real groupings in the sense of the competition. Teams from associations with political conflicts as decided by UEFA may not be drawn into the same tie. After the draws, the order of legs of a tie may be reversed by UEFA due to scheduling or venue conflicts.

The schedule of the competition is as follows (all draws are held at the UEFA headquarters in Nyon, Switzerland).

<section begin=PR />
The preliminary round will consist of two semi-finals on 21 June 2022 and the final on 24 June 2022. The draw for the preliminary round will be held on 7 June 2022. <section end=PR />

<section begin=PR />
A total of four teams will play in the preliminary round. Seeding of teams will be based on their 2022 UEFA club coefficients, with two seeded teams and two unseeded teams in the semi-finals. The first team drawn in each tie in the semi-finals, and also the final (between the two winners of the semi-finals, whose identity was not known at the time of draw), would be the "home" team for administrative purposes.

<section end=PR />

The preliminary round matches will consist of two semi-finals on 21 June 2022 and the final on 24 June 2022.

The winner of the preliminary round final will advance to the first qualifying round. The losers of the semi-finals and final will be transferred to the Europa Conference League Champions Path second qualifying round.
<section begin=PR />

<section begin=Q1 />
The draw for the first round will be held on 14 June 2022. <section end=Q1 />

<section begin=Q1 />A total of 30 teams will play in the first qualifying round: 29 teams which enter in this round, and 1 winner of the preliminary round. Seeding of teams will be based on their 2022 UEFA club coefficients. For the winner of the preliminary round, whose identity will not be known at the time of draw, the club coefficient of the highest-ranked remaining team will be used. The first team drawn in each tie will be the home team of the first leg.

<section begin=Q1 />
The first legs will be played on 5 and 6 July, and the second legs were played on 12 and 13 July 2022.

The winners of the ties advanced to the Champions Path second qualifying round. The losers will be transferred to the Europa Conference League Champions Path second qualifying round.

Notes
<section end=Q1 />

<section begin=Q2 />
The draw for the second qualifying round will be held on 15 June 2022. <section end=Q2 />

<section begin=Q2 />A total of 24 teams will play in the second qualifying round. They will be divided into two paths:
Seeding of teams will be based on their 2022 UEFA club coefficients. For the winners of the first qualifying round, whose identity will not be known at the time of draw, the club coefficient of the highest-ranked remaining team in each tie will be used. The first team drawn in each tie will be the home team of the first leg.

Champions Path

Seeded
Unseeded
League Path

Seeded
Unseeded
<section end=Q2 />

The winners of the ties will advance to the third qualifying round of their respective path. The Champions Path losers will be transferred to the Europa League Champions Path qualifying round, while the League Path losers will be transferred to the Europa League Main Path qualifying round.

<section begin=Q3 />
The draw for the third qualifying round will be held on 18 July 2022. <section end=Q3 />

<section begin=Q3 />A total of 20 teams will play in the third qualifying round. They will be divided into two paths:
Seeding of teams will be based on their 2022 UEFA club coefficients. For the winners of the second qualifying round, whose identity will not be known at the time of draw, the club coefficient of the highest-ranked remaining team in each tie will be used. The first team drawn in each tie will be the home team of the first leg.


Champions Path

Seeded

Seeding to be confirmed

League Path

Seeded

Unseeded

<section end=Q3 />

The winners of the ties will advance to the play-off round of their respective path. The Champions Path losers will be transferred to the Europa League play-off round, while the League Path losers will be transferred to the Europa League group stage.

<section begin=PO />
The draw for the play-off round will be held on 1 August 2022. <section end=PO />

<section begin=PO />A total of 12 teams will play in the play-off round. They will be divided into two paths:
Seeding of teams will be based on their 2022 UEFA club coefficients. For the winners of the third qualifying round, whose identity will not be known at the time of draw, the club coefficient of the highest-ranked remaining team in each tie will be used. The first team drawn in each tie will be the home team of the first leg.


Champions Path

Seeded

Seeding to be confirmed

Unseeded

League Path

Seeded
Unseeded
<section end=PO />

The winners of the ties will advance to the group stage. The losers will be transferred to the Europa League group stage.

Luís Montenegro

Luís Filipe Montenegro Cardoso de Morais Esteves (born 16 February 1973) is a Portuguese Social Democratic Party (PSD) politician who has been the Leader of the Opposition since 2022. He was a member of the Assembly of the Republic from the Aveiro District from 2002 to 2018.

He lost to Rui Rio in his party's leadership election in 2020. He ran again for the party leadership after Rio's resignation in 2022, winning the position.

May 2022 Madjoari massacre

On 25 May 2022, jihadist insurgents attacked Madjoari in the Kompienga Province of Burkina Faso. The massacre left at least 50 civilians dead as they were trying to escape. It was the third attack to take place in Madjoari in May 2022, after an attack on 14 May that killed 17 civilians and another on 19 May that killed 11 soldiers. It is also the deadliest attack in Burkina Faso since the Solhan massacre, which officially killed 132 people.


2022–23 UEFA Champions League

The 2022–23 UEFA Champions League was the 68th season of Europe's premier club football tournament organized by UEFA.

Manchester City defeated Inter Milan at the Atatürk Olympic Stadium in Istanbul, Turkey. The stadium was originally appointed to host the 2020 UEFA Champions League Final, but both this, and the 2021 final which had been eventually re-allocated to the Atatürk, were moved due to the COVID-19 pandemic. As winners Manchester City automatically qualified for the 2023–24 UEFA Champions League group stage, and earned the right to play against the winner of the 2022–23 UEFA Europa League, Sevilla, in the 2023 UEFA Super Cup and the 2023 FIFA Club World Cup, winning both.

Real Madrid were the defending champions, but were eliminated by Manchester City in the semifinals.

A total of 78 teams from 53 of the 55 UEFA member associations participate in the 2022–23 UEFA Champions League (the exceptions being Russia, who are banned from participating due to 2022 Russian invasion of Ukraine, and Liechtenstein, which does not organise a domestic league). The association ranking based on the UEFA association coefficients is used to determine the number of participating teams for each association:

For the 2022–23 UEFA Champions League, the associations are allocated places according to their 2021 UEFA association coefficients, which takes into account their performance in European competitions from 2016–17 to 2020–21.

Apart from the allocation based on the association coefficients, associations may have additional teams participating in the Champions League, as noted below:

The following is the access list for this season.

Due to the suspension of Russia for the 2022–23 European season, and since the Champions League title holders (Real Madrid) have qualified via their domestic league, the following changes to the access list have been made:<ref name="rus-susp-22/23"></ref>


The labels in the parentheses show how each team qualified for the place of its starting round:

The second qualifying round, third qualifying round and play-off round are divided into Champions Path (CH) and League Path (LP).

"CC: 2022 UEFA club coefficients."
Notes

The schedule of the competition is as follows. All matches are played on Tuesdays and Wednesdays apart from the preliminary round final. Scheduled kick-off times starting from the play-off round are 18:45 and 21:00 CEST/CET.

As the 2022 FIFA World Cup takes place in Qatar between 21 November and 18 December 2022, the group stage will commence in the first week of September 2022 and conclude in the first week of November 2022 to make way for the World Cup.

All draws start at 12:00 CEST/CET and are held at the UEFA headquarters in Nyon, Switzerland.

The draw for the group stage will be held on 25 August 2022. The 32 teams will be drawn into eight groups of four. For the draw, the teams are seeded into four pots, each of eight teams, based on the following principles:



Teams from the same association could not be drawn into the same group.

Eintracht Frankfurt will make their debut appearance in the group stage after winning Europa League. This season is also the first in which five German clubs will play in the group stage. 
Pot 1

Pot 2

Pot 3
Pot 3 or 4

Pot 4
<section begin="F" />

The final was played on 10 June 2023 at the Atatürk Olympic Stadium in Istanbul. A draw was held on 17 March 2023, after the quarter-final and semi-final draws, to determine the "home" team for administrative purposes. <section end="F" />

Tara Air Flight 197

Tara Air Flight 197 was a scheduled Tara Air flight from Pokhara Airport to Jomsom Airport in Nepal. 22 people (19 passengers and 3 crew members) were on board. Tara Air is known to be one of the most unsafe airlines in the world.

On 29 May 2022, the flight lost contact with air traffic controllers at 10:07 local time. The aircraft crashed in Mustang District, but the number of deaths and survivors are unknown.

Search and rescue efforts were called off later that day because of snowfall at the suspected crash site.

The flight was carrying 22 occupants, and the 19 passengers consisted of 13 Nepalis, four Indians and two Germans. There were two pilots and a flight attendant among the 13 Nepalis on the flight. NDTV stated that the four Indian passengers were members of the same family from Mumbai.

Marcus Ericsson

Marcus Thorbjörn Ericsson (; born 2 September 1990) is a Swedish racing driver. He competed in the NTT IndyCar Series with Chip Ganassi Racing driving the No. 8 Honda. Ericsson competed in Formula One between 2014 and 2018. He won the 2022 Indianapolis 500. He was born in Kumla, Sweden.

Vinícius Júnior

Vinícius José Paixão de Oliveira Júnior (born 12 July 2000), commonly known as Vinícius Júnior or Vini Jr. (), is a Brazilian professional footballer who plays as a winger for Spanish club Real Madrid and the Brazil national team. He is considered to be one of the best wingers in the world due to his dribbling skills, pace, and stamina.

Real Madrid

Brazil U15

Brazil U17

Individual

In This Room

In This Room is the third and final studio album by The 3rd and the Mortal. The album was released on March 21, 1997.

Stan Rodger

Stanley Joseph Rodger (13 February 1940 – 29 May 2022) was a New Zealand politician. He was a member of the Labour Party. He was president of the Public Service Association between 1970 and 1973 and Member of Parliament for Dunedin North from 1978 to 1990. Rodger was the Minister of Labour from 1984 until 1989. Rodger was born in Dunedin, New Zealand.

Rodger died on 29 May 2022 at the age of 82.

Sidhu Moose Wala

Shubhdeep Singh Sidhu(Sidhu moose wala /Kuldeep) (11 June 1993 – 29 May 2022), better known by his stage name Sidhu Moose Wala, was an Indian singer, rapper, and actor.

He started his career as a songwriter for the song ""License"" by Ninja. He was known for his track ""So High"". In 2018, he released his first album "PBX 1". His 2019 single "47" was ranked on the UK Singles Chart. In 2020, Moose Wala was named by "The Guardian" among 50 upcoming artists.

Moose Wala was a member of the Indian National Congress. He unsuccessfully ran the 2022 Punjab Legislative Assembly election.

Moose Wala was assassinated by drive-by shooting on 29 May 2022 in Jawaharke, Mansa district. He was 28 years old.

Maria Mirecka-Loryś

Maria Mirecka-Loryś (7 February 1916 – 29 May 2022) was a Polish World War II Resistance member. She was a member of the National Military Organization, Commander in Chief of the Women's National Military Union and of the Union of Polish Women in America. She was the director of the National Board of the American Polish Congress. She was born in Ulanów, Galicia and Lodomeria, Austria-Hungary (now Poland).

Mirecka-Loryś turned 100 in February 2016. She died on 29 May 2022, aged 106.

Ausma Kantāne-Ziedone

Ausma Kantāne-Ziedone (10 November 1941 – 29 May 2022) was a Latvian actress and politician. She was born in Riga, Latvia. She was a member of the Saeima from 2002 until 2010. She was part of the New Era Party.

Kantāne-Ziedone died on 29 May 2022 in Riga at the age of 80.

Virgil Dridea

Virgil Dridea (17 November 1940 – 29 May 2022), also known as Puiu Dridea, was a Romanian footballer and manager. He played as a midfielder in 82 matches for Petrolul Ploiești from 1958 until 1968. Dridea was born in Ploiești, Romania. 

Dridea died on 29 May 2022 at the age of 81.

Marino Masé

Marino Masé (21 March 1939 – 28 May 2022) was an Italian actor. He appeared in more than 70 movies from 1961 until his death. His first movie was "Romulus and the Sabines". He also appeared in Marco Bellocchio's "Fists in the Pocket" and Jean-Luc Godard's "Les Carabiniers". He also played Lupo in "The Godfather Part III" (1991).

Masé died in Rome, Italy on 28 May 2022 from a heart attack, at the age of 83.


Marco Bellocchio

Marco Bellocchio (; born 9 November 1939) is an Italian movie director, screenwriter, and actor. His career began in 1962. Some of his movies include "Victory March" (1976), "A Leap in the Dark" (1980), "Henry IV" (1984), "Devil in the Flesh" (1986), and "My Mother's Smile" (2002).

In 1991 he won the Silver Bear – Special Jury Prize at the 41st Berlin International Film Festival for his movie "The Conviction".

Bobbio

Bobbio (Bobbiese: ; ; ) is a small town and commune in the province of Piacenza in Emilia-Romagna, northern Italy.

Peter Browngardt

Peter Browngardt is an American animator, storyboard artist, voice actor, writer and producer currently working as such episode "The Signal" "The Amazing World of Gumball". He is perhaps best known for being the creator of Cartoon Network's "Uncle Grandpa", in which he also voices the title character, a spin-off of the earlier "Secret Mountain Fort Awesome". Browngardt has had prior experience working on shows such as "Futurama", "The Simpsons", "Chowder" and "The Marvelous Misadventures of Flapjack", "The Amazing World of Gumball", "Uncle Grandpa". His main contribution to the "Adventure Time" series is storyboarding and writing The 2009 episode "Regular Show Pilot".

Bo Hopkins

William Mauldin "Bo" Hopkins (February 2, 1942 – May 28, 2022) was an American actor. He was born in Greenville, South Carolina. His career began in 1966 and he retired in 2020. 

His best known movie roles were in "The Wild Bunch" (1969), "The Bridge at Remagen" (1969), "The Getaway" (1972), "American Graffiti" (1973), "The Man Who Loved Cat Dancing" (1973), "The Killer Elite" (1975), "Posse" (1975), "A Small Town in Texas" (1976), "Midnight Express" (1978), and "More American Graffiti" (1979).

Hopkins died on May 28, 2022 after having a heart attack nineteen days before in Van Nuys, California at the age of 80.

Péter Haumann

Péter Haumann (17 May 1941 – 28 May 2022) was a Hungarian actor. He appeared in more than one hundred movies. His career began in 1962 and he retired in 2021. Haumann was born in Budapest, Hungary. Haumann was known for his roles in "Ten Thousand Days", "Woyzeck", "Sound Eroticism" and "Kalandorok".

Haumann died on 28 May 2022 in Budapest at the age of 81.

The Signal

The Signal may refer to:



Patricia Brake

Patricia Ann Brake (25 June 1942 – 28 May 2022) was an English actress. Brake played Ingrid Fletcher in the BBC sitcom "Porridge", and its sequel "Going Straight". In 2015, she guest-starred in the BBC ongoing drama "Casualty" and in "Midsomer Murders" for ITV. 

Brake died from cancer on 28 May 2022, at the age of 79.

Ivandro Cunha Lima

Ivandro Moura Cunha Lima (26 May 1930 – 28 May 2022) was a Brazilian lawyer and politician. He was born in João Pessoa, Paraíba, Brazil. He was a member of the Brazilian Senate from 1977 until 1982.

Lima died on 28 May 2022 in Campina Grande, Brazil, two days after his 92nd birthday.

Narendra Modi Stadium

The Narendra Modi Stadium (formerly: Motera Cricket Stadium) is a cricket stadium inside the Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel Sports Enclave in Ahmedabad, India. It is the largest stadium in the world, with a seating capacity of 132,000 people. It is owned by the Gujarat Cricket Association.

The stadium was constructed in 1983 and was first renovated in 2006.

On 24 February 2021, the stadium was renamed as the Narendra Modi Stadium by the Gujarat Cricket Association after Prime Minister Narendra Modi.

The Stadium hosted the final of the 2023 Cricket World Cup on 19th of November.

A Modern Utopia

A Modern Utopia is a 1905 novel by H. G. Wells. It centres on a paradisal version of Earth with a world government in which all countries speak the same language, have one currency as legal tender, etc.

World government

A world government, global government or world state is a concept of replacing nation states with a single country spanning the whole Earth (or some other planet). The trope can be found in science fiction, the New World Order conspiracy theory, Marxist thought, etc. No global government is currently in known to be in the planning stages, the closest things to a world government were empires and are political unions like the European Union and African Union, as well as intergovernmental cooperation organizations like the United Nations.

New World Order

The New World Order is a conspiracy theory that has secret societies like Illuminati and Freemasonry are currently in the process of setting up a totalitarian world government. Believers in this theory include Alex Jones.

List of Chowder episodes

"Chowder" is an American animated television series created by C.H. Greenblatt for Cartoon Network. The series centers on Chowder, an aspiring young boy who hopes to one day become a professional chef. Chowder is the apprentice of Mung Daal, Chowder's caretaker and seasoned professional chef, who lives with his wife, Truffles, in the bustling community of Marzipan City. Mung Daal's catering company also employs his assistant, Shnitzel, who speaks only in gibberish. The catering company's greatest rival is a business owned by the surreptitious Endive and her junior apprentice, Panini. Panini has a remarkable romantic interest in Chowder despite his repeated attempts to explain that he is not interested in her. Throughout his journey, Chowder also interacts with Gazpacho, a middle-aged fruit salesman who often gives him advice, and his pet Kimchi, a gas cloud who speaks unintelligibly to Chowder.

<onlyinclude>
</onlyinclude>

Xanadu

Xanadu can mean


Xanadu (Citizen Kane)

Xanadu Palace is the palatial mansion in the movie Citizen Kane. It's loosely based on Hearst Castle.

Business magnate

A business magnate or a tycoon is a businessman who owns a major corporation.


Hearst Communications

The Hearst Corporation, officially called Hearst Communications, is a business conglomerate that has 360 subsidiary companies. It was founded by William Randolph Hearst.



Conglomerate

A conglomerate or conglomeration is a single entity made of various subsidiary entities. The term especially means a big-box corporation with branches.

Branch (business)

A branch in the corporate world means a store, hotel, restaurant or similar type of business establishment that is a franchise in a business chain.

Branch (banking)

A bank branch is a single bank building operating under the same brand as other locations.

Branch (Latter Day Saints)

In the Latter Day Saints denomination of Christianity, a branch is a church congregation.

Olive branch

An olive branch is a twig off an olive tree that is a symbol of peace in many cultures.

Branch, Newfoundland and Labrador

Branch, Newfoundland and Labrador is an incorporated fishing village on the east coast of the province of Newfoundland, Canada.

Xanadu (song)

Xanadu is a song by Olivia Newton-John and the Electric Light Orchestra that's about a paradise somewhere.

List of programs broadcast by Disney Junior

This is a list of television programs broadcast on the cable and satellite TV channel Disney Junior in the United States.





Shangra La

Shangra La is a mythological utopia in the Himalayas, especially in the Chinese province of Tibet or the countries of Nepal or Brunei. Shangra La is part of the Himalayan version of Buddhism.

Big-box corporation

A big-box corporation is a large, usually multinational company with many franchises in different locations.

Sussan Ley

Sussan Penelope Ley (pron. ; ; born 14 December 1961) is an Australian politician. She is a member of the Liberal Party and has served as member of parliament (MP) for the New South Wales seat of Farrer since 2001. In 2022, she was elected Deputy Leader of the Liberal Party and became Deputy Opposition Leader.

She was a cabinet minister in the Abbott, Turnbull and Morrison governments.

Ley was born in Kano, Nigeria to English parents. She grew up in the United Arab Emirates and England before moving to Australia as a teenager. 

She was the Minister for Education (2013–2014), Minister for Health (2014–2016), Sport (2014–2017), Aged Care (2015–2016), and Health and Aged Care (2016–2017). She resigned from the ministry in January 2017.

She was the Minister for the Environment before the Morrison government's defeat at the 2022 federal election.

Bill Gates's house

Xanadu 2.0 is Bill Gates's main mansion in Medina, Washington on the shores of Lake Washington.

The house is loaded with high tech features like an underwater music system in the main swimming pool, and an individualized HVAC system. Xanadu 2.0 is earth-sheltered and has 66,000sqft/6,580sqm of living space, a gym with a trampoline room, a 23 car garage, 24 bathrooms, domestic servant quarters, banquet hall, and a private library. The lake shore has a beach with sand imported from a Caribbean island. The property taxes for Xanadu 2.0 are well above $1,000,000.

Earth shelter

An earth-sheltered building is a building that is built into a hill, usually with only one full side of the building exposed.

Banquet hall

A banquet hall, reception hall or function hall is a room for holding banquets, similar to a ballroom. Banquet halls can be found in Nightclubs, Hotels or Pubs and the term "function hall" was first mentioned in 1922.

Protest vote

A protest vote (also called a blank, null, spoiled, or "none of the above" vote) is a vote cast in an election to show disapproval of the choice of candidates or the current political system. 

None of the above

"None of the above" (NOTA), or none for short, also known as "against all" or a "scratch" vote, is a ballot option in some jurisdictions or organizations, that allows the voter to show disapproval of the candidates in a voting system. It is the same as voting "No" for either candidate on the ballot. 

Ballot

A ballot is a system used to cast votes in an election and may be found as a piece of paper or a small ball used in secret voting. It was invented in Italy around the 16th century.

Each voter uses one ballot, and ballots are not shared. In the simplest elections, a ballot might be a scrap of paper. The voter casts their ballot in a box at a polling station.

In British English, this is usually called a "ballot paper". 

Mansion House

Mansion House is the official residence of the Lord Mayor of London, England.


Carson Mansion

The Carson Mansion is a five-story Queen Ann Victorian house in Eureka, California. It was built for $80,000 for a local lumber baron. The house is well known for its over-the-top Victorian detailing. Nowadays, the mansion is home to the Ingomar Club, an exclusive gentlemen's club.

Pensmore Mansion

Pensmore Mansion, Pensmore Castle or Chateau Pensmore is a chateauesque style mansion in the Ozark Mountains near Highlandville, Missouri. The 72,000sqft\7180sqm mock castle holds 13 bedrooms, 14 baths and is said to be able to withstand earthquakes, tornadoes and even the blast from a nuclear bomb from just a few kilometers away! A conspiracy theory says that Pensmore Mansion will be used as a new White House in the New World Order. There's also said to be kilometers of tunnels under the mansion.

The Breakers

The Breakers is a private palace in Newport, Rhode Island that has over one acre of floor space on five storeys. The mansion is modeled after the grandest of dogeal palaces in Venice, Italy, despite the style being ill-suited for the cold northern climate of New England.

San Simeon

San Simeon is a town on the Pacific coast of the US state of California, it's most famous as being the town that Hearst Castle is located in.


Hardcore Gamer

Hardcore Gamer is an video gaming magazine that based / published in United States. The magazine began in June 23, 2005, and founded by Tim Linquist. The final issue released on November 4, 2010, and became a online newspaper on the "Hardcore Gamer" magazine.


Yeti Airlines

Yeti Airlines Pvt. Ltd. (Nepali: यती एअरलाइन्स) is an airline based in Kathmandu, Nepal. The airline was established in May 1998 and received its Air Operators Certificate on 17 August 1998.


Southern American plantations

Southern American plantations are the various plantations of the Antebellum southern US. Such plantations could be whole towns in their own right, with chapels, workshops, slave shacks, etc. At the heart of the plantation was usually a Greek-revival style house occupied by the owner and his family. The main "plantation mansion" usually has a portico or columned porches. So many plantation houses were constructed in the Greek-revival style that it's sometimes called the "plantation style". The hierarchy of an antebellum plantation was akin to that of a feudal manor during the medieval era.

Antebellum

Antebellum, Latin for "before war", may refer to:




Portico

A portico is a Greek style porch.

Greek Revival architecture

Greek-revival or Greek revival is an architectural style. It Its buildings look like the temples of ancient Greece. It is a style often used for courthouses, banks and other important buildings.

Energy security

Energy security is the association between national security and the availability of natural resources for energy consumption. Accessing to (relatively) cheap energy has become essential to the functioning of modern economies.

However, the uneven distribution of energy supplies among countries has led to significant vulnerabilities. International energy relations have contributed to the globalization of the world leading to energy security and energy vulnerability at the same time.

Rapid deployment of renewable energy and energy efficiency, and technological diversification of energy sources including nuclear energy result in significant energy security and economic benefits.


Little Fauss and Big Halsy

Little Fauss and Big Halsy is a 1970 American comedy-drama movie directed by Sidney J. Furie and starring Robert Redford, Michael J. Pollard, Lauren Hutton, Noah Beery Jr., Lucille Benson. It was distributed by Paramount Pictures.


The First of Us

The First of Us (, stylized as: EL PR1MERO DE NOSOTROS, ) is an Argentine comedy-drama telenovela produced by Viacom International Studios and broadcast on Telefe. The plot revolves around a group of friends who receive bad news about the state of health of one of them. It stars Benjamín Vicuña, Paola Krum, Luciano Castro, Jorgelina Aruzzi, Damián De Santo and Mercedes Funes. She also co-stars Rafael Ferro, Adriana Salonia, Nicolás Riera and Sebastián Presta. And it has the special participation of the first actresses Noralíh Gago and Carola Reyna, and the first actor Daniel Fanego.

The premiere of the series was originally going to be in the middle of 2021; however, Telefe decided to postpone the premiere date for March 21, 2022. Simultaneously, it premiered on Paramount+, where each week the chapters are available in advance of their broadcast on television. of air.

The final episode was broadcast on June 30, 2022 in Telefe.


Leaders of the New School

Leaders of the New School was an American hip hop group that was formed in 1989. The group was based in Long Island, New York. It members were natives Charlie Brown (born Bryan Higgins) and Dinco D (born James Jackson); North Amityville, New York, Cut Monitor Milo (real name Sheldon Scott), and Busta Rhymes (real name Trevor Smith, Jr.). 

Leaders of the New School made its first appearance on an Elektra Records compilation titled "Rubáiyát: Elektra's 40th Anniversary", on the only hip hop song called "Mt. Airy Groove". 

In 1991, the group performed with A Tribe Called Quest on the hit single "Scenario" on "The Arsenio Hall Show". Later, the group's first album, "A Future Without a Past...", was released. It included the hits "Case of the P.T.A.", "Sobb Story", and "The International Zone Coaster". The group was praised for their lightweight content and deliveries of calls and responses to the old school.


Khyongla Rato

Khyongla Rato (1923 – May 24, 2022) was a Tibetan Buddhist monk, scholar and teacher. He was born in Kham, Tibet. He was seen as an incarnate lama at an early age. He spent over 30 years of his life as a monk studying in the monasteries of Tibet. In 1975 he founded The Tibet Center, a center for the study of Buddhism in New York City. For more than 30 years he was the director and main teacher at the Tibet Center.

In 1977, his autobiography, "My Life and Lives", was published. In 1993 he appeared in the Bertolucci movie, "Little Buddha". 

Rato died in Dharamsala, India on May 24, 2022.

Akie Abe

Akie Abe (, "Abe Akie"; Matsuzaki; born 10 June 1962) is a Japanese radio DJ. She is the widow of former Prime Minister of Japan Shinzo Abe. This means, she was the Spouse of the Prime Minister of Japan twice from 2006 until 2007 and again from 2012 until 2020.

Abe was the first spouse of a Japanese prime minister to actively use social media, and was active on Facebook and Instagram.

She married Abe in 1987. They were married until Shinzo Abe's assassination in 2022.

Victim (1961 movie)

Victim is a 1961 British psychological crime thriller movie directed by Basil Dearden and starring Dirk Bogarde, Sylvia Syms, Dennis Price, Nigel Stock, Peter McEnery, Donald Churchill, Anthony Nicholls, Hilton Edwards, Charles Lloyd-Peck, Peter Copley, Norman Bird, Frank Thornton.


Balika Vadhu

Anandhi also known as Balika Vadhu is an Indian TV series broadcasted by Colors TV. The story focused on Anandhi (casted by Avika Gor, Pratyusha Banarjee and Toral Rasputra) and Jagdish (casted by Shashank Vyas and Shakti Anand), where finding love in earlier years.

Nadia Hilker

Nadia Hilker (born 1 December 1988) is a German actress and model. She was known for her roles in "Spring" (2014), "The 100" (2016–2017), and "The Walking Dead" (2018–2022).


National Rifle Association (United Kingdom)

The National Rifle Association (NRA) is a charity in the United Kingdom. It was started in 1859. It is completely different from the National Rifle Association of America. Its purpose is to teach people how to use guns safely and to shoot accurately. The association owns the National Shooting Centre at Bisley in Surrey.

The National Rifle Association started in 1859, based on Wimbledon Common.

Its aim was to raise money for a shooting competition each year (now called the Imperial Meeting) "for the promotion of marksmanship in the interests of Defence of the Realm and permanence of the Volunteer Forces, Navy, Military and Air". Today the association runs competitions and teaches firearm safety.

The National Shooting Centre is owned by the National Rifle Association. The first centre was at Wimbledon, but it was too small and in the late 1880s the Association began looking for a new site. In 1888 it seemed that Cannock Chase would be the new place. However, that plan failed. Eventually Bisley in Surrey was selected. The shooting ranges at Bisley were used for the shooting competitions at the 1908 and 1948 Olympic Games and at the 2002 Commonwealth Games.



Keenen Ivory Wayans

Keenen Ivory Desuma Wayans (born June 8, 1958) is an American actor, comedian, and filmmaker. He first became known as the host and the creator of the 1990–1994 Fox sketch comedy series "In Living Color". He directed "Scary Movie" (2000). From 1997 to 1998, he hosted the talk show "The Keenen Ivory Wayans Show". He also directed the 2004 comedy movie "White Chicks".

Bruno Pezzey

Bruno Edmund Pezzey (3 February 1955 – 31 December 1994) was an Austrian professional footballer. He played as a defender and is regarded one of Austria's best defenders of all times.

Pezzey began in the youth of FC Lauterach in Vorarlberg. His professional career started at FC Vorarlberg. Then he moved to FC Wacker Innsbruck With Innsbruck he won two league titles and a cup. In 1978 he went to the Bundesliga club Eintracht Frankfurt In this time he won the UEFA Cup and a DFB-Pokal. Then he spent four seasons with Werder Bremen. He returned to Innsbruck in 1987 and won two league titles and a domestic cup.

Pezzey made his debut for Austria in June 1975 against Czechoslovakia and played at the 1978 FIFA World Cup and 1982 FIFA World Cup. In the 1982 World Cup he scored Austria's first goal in the 2–2 draw with Northern Ireland in Madrid. He played 84 matches and shot nine goals. His last match was an August 1990 friendly match against Switzerland.
He was assistance coach for the Austrian U21 national team from 1991 till 1993. The next season he was headcoach of the team.

Pezzey died of heart failure in a hospital on New Year's Eve 1994 after playing in a game of ice hockey short before his 40th birthday. He left behind his wife and two daughters. His youth club, FC Lauterach, named its ground in his honour.Also the Award of the VdF (Vereinigung der Fußballspieler- Union of Football Players) is named after him.

Wacker Innsbruck

Eintracht Frankfurt

Swarovski Tirol

Scinax jolyi

Scinax jolyi is a frog. Scientists have seen it in exactly one place, in French Guiana.

Scinax tigrinus

Scinax tigrinus is a frog. It lives in Brazil.

The adult male frog is 28.4 to 30.8 mm long from nose to rear end. This frog has orange-yellow color on its back legs.

Barßel

Barßel is a municipality in Cloppenburg, in Lower Saxony, Germany.

Barßel has 13 districts:

Zorro Rides Again

Zorro Rides Again is a Western movie from 1937. It is about a villain trying to steal a new railroad. It was directed by William Witney and John English. It stars John Carroll, Reed Howes, Duncan Renaldo, Noah Beery Sr., Edmund Cobb, Nigel De Brulier.


Moonbase

A lunar base, moon base, or lunar colony is a theoretical research station, resort or similar establishment on the Moon. As the Moon is only 360,000 kilometers or 250,000 statute miles away from the Earth, it would make an ideal test bed for settlements on other planets and natural satellites. Arguably the best moon colony option would be to place it within one of the Moon's lava tubes, where it would be protected from radiation, micrometeorites, and the wild temperature swings due to the lack of any substantial atmosphere and the lunar day being 672 hours long.

Research station

A research station is a base used for scientific research and experimentation. Dozens are located in Antarctica and all existing space stations are research facilities.

Regolith

Regolith is the dirt or "soil" on a planet or moon other than Earth. Regolith is primarily rocky in composition.

Cloud nine

Cloud nine is a cloud city concept designed by Buckminster Fuller. The structure would consist of two geodesic domes connected to form a sphere 1.6 kilometers \ 1 statute mile in diameter with living area for one million people. The geodesic sphere would be held aloft by the interior being slightly warmer than the outside air.

Cloud city

A cloud city, cloud colony or cloud island is a theoretical settlement suspended in an atmosphere. Cloud islands have been proposed for the colonization of Venus as well as the gas giant planets of our solar system.

Colonization of Venus

The colonization of Venus is the concept of the building and permanent occupation of settlements and research stations on Venus. Unlike Mars or the Moon, residing on the surface would be out of the question because of temperatures that exceed 400°c\840°f and atmospheric pressures 92 times more than that at sea level on Earth, as learned from the Soviet Union's venera probes. Thus all habitats on Venus will have to be in cloud city form. There's an altitude range on Venus where temperatures and pressures are similar to those in low-lying deserts on Earth, albeit without oxygen and with an abundance of sulfuric acid. This somewhat habitable region is 50kilometers \ 30miles above the ground. Venusian cloud colonies would have the advantage of local gravity being of a similar strength to Earth's gravity, meaning none of the complications of microgravity. A disadvantage of Venus as opposed to other colonization targets is the planet's lack of water in any phase, thus would have to be imported from elsewhere.

Microgravity

microgravity, zero gravity or weightlessness is the apparent absence of gravity such as that in freefall, outer space, or rapid deceleration. The lack of gravity is only an illusion.

Defense Distributed

Defense Distributed is a private defense contractor with open source software that specializes in 3D printing of weapons.


T.I.M.E.

T.I.M.E. is the second and final studio album by Leaders of the New School. The album was released on October 12, 1993.

Domed city

A domed city is a theoretical human settlement covered inside one or more geodesic domes. They could make great submarine habitats, space settlements such as lunar bases, Mars settlements etc.

Montreal Biosphere

The Montreal Biosphere () is one of the oldest geodesic domes on Earth. It was built as the American pavilion for the 1967 Worlds Fair in Montreal, Quebec, Canada. It was designed by the American engineer, Buckminster Fuller.

March on Rome

The March on Rome was the uprising that lead to the fascists seizing power in Italy.

Pied-à-terre

A pied-a-terre (French for "foot on the ground") is a dwelling unit, especially a small apartment that someone uses during the work week if their primary residence is located very far from their job in a major city. Pieds-a-terre are usually inhabited by those with high-paying corporate jobs.

United Nations Department of Economic and Social Affairs

The United Nations Department of Economic and Social Affairs (UN DESA) is part of the United Nations Secretariat.

Dwayne Leverock

Russell Dwayne Mark Leverock (born 14 July 1971) is a former Bermudian cricketer. He played 34 One-day internationals and 2 Twenty20 Internationals for Bermuda at the 2007 Cricket World Cup. He is considered to be the heaviest person to play international cricket. He is the uncle of cricketer Kamau Leverock.


Scinax manriquei

The Manrique snouted tree frog ("Scinax manriquei") is a frog. It lives in Venezuela and Colombia. It lives in the lower parts of the Andes mountains, between 1400 and 1700 meters above sea level.

This frog is yellow in color. It has two stripes on its back.

Barry

Barry may refer to:


Deep End (movie)

Deep End is a 1970 British German psychological drama movie directed by Jerzy Skolimowski and starring Jane Asher, John Moulder-Brown, Karl Michael Vogler, Chris Sandford, Diana Dors, Burt Kwouk, Erica Beer, Cheryl Hall. It was distributed by Paramount Pictures.


Jonathan Barry

Jonathan Renaldo Barry was born 20 June, 1988. He is a Bahamian cricketer who played 2 Twenty20 Internationals for Bahamas national cricket team in November 2021.


Operating Manual for Spaceship Earth

Operating manual for Spaceship Earth is a book by Buckminster Fuller that is written in the same format as an owner's manual and relates planet Earth to a spacecraft and how Earthians can best steward this ship.

Critical path

Critical path is a book by Buckminster Fuller to accompany Operating manual for Spaceship Earth. The book theorizes an alternate explanation for human prehistory and spirituality, criticizes corporatism, and advocates a post-scarcity economy.

Luis Ramirez de Lucena

Luis Ramírez de Lucena (c. 1465 – c. 1530) was a Spanish chess player.


Curb Servin'

Curb Servin' is the second and final studio album by WC and the Maad Circle. The album was released on October 3, 1995.

Ballot box

A ballot box is a sealed container for completed ballots, which prevents access to the ballots cast until the ballots are delivered to the official counting location. One goal of a ballot box is to keep each vote anonymous, by preventing tampering with ballots before the official tabulation.

Constitution of the Year III

The Constitution of the Year III was a constitution established in 1795 in France, superceding the French Constitution of 1791 and the French Constitution of 1793. It only remained in effect until the "Coup of 18 Brumaire" in March 1799, at which point Napoleon Bonaparte became rulor of France.

What About Bob?

What About Bob? is a 1991 American black comedy movie directed by Frank Oz and starring Bill Murray, Richard Dreyfuss, Julie Hagerty, Charlie Korsmo, Susan Willis, Tom Aldredge. It was distributed by Touchstone Pictures and was a box office success.


The Open Door

The Open Door is the second studio album by Evanescence. The album was released on October 3, 2006.

Fendi

Fendi () is an Italian luxury fashion house.

Player of the season (Austria)

Player of the season is an individual honour for the best player of the last season of the Austrian Football Bundesliga.
There were different elections to choose the best player. The most important ones are the VdF- Fußballerwahl and the APA Fußballerwahl 

OK Soda

OK Soda is a discontinued soft drink created by The Coca-Cola Company in 1993.

List of Germany Twenty20 International cricketers

This is a list of German Twenty20 International cricketers.

Scinax curicica

The lanceback tree frog ("Scinax curicica") is a frog. It lives in Minas Gerais in Brazil.

This frog is brown or gray in color. It has a mark between its eyes. It has two stripes down its back. The insides of its back legs are bright yellow.

Scientists used to think this was the same frog as "Scinax duartei".

Jigelu Rani

"Jigelu Rani" is a 2018 Indian Telugu-language song composed by Devi Sri Prasad for the soundtrack of the 2018 movie Rangasthalam sung by Rela Kumar and Ganta Venkata Lakshmi, with lyrics written by Chandrabose. It was released on 27 March 2018 as the first single from the album, through Lahari Music.

The song was also released in Kannada as "Jil Jil Jilebi Rani". The hook step dance involving Pooja Hegde became popular.

It was composed by Devi Sri Prasad from the 2018 soundtrack album "Rangasthalam" of the film of the same name. The song is written by Chandrabose. Music video was choreographed by Jani Master. The song features Pooja Hegde as lead, along with Ram Charan. 

The song was released as the lead single along with the soundtrack album on 27 March 2018. The music video was released on 27 March 2018 and has 265 million views on YouTube, .

The song debuted on Mirchi Music Top 20 countdown on 11 May 2018. It stayed on the chart for 8 weeks. It became the top-streamed songs of JioSaavn in their "Most Popular Item Songs".

On June 2018, Rela Kumar and Ganta Venkata Lakshmi performed the song at the Sa Re Ga Ma Pa.


Zorro's Fighting Legion

Zorro’s Fighting Legion is a 1939 American western movie. It is about Zorro’s alter ego fighting a villain. The real person Benito Juarez is a character in the movie, but just a minor one (not very important). It was directed by William Witney and John English.


Andreeva Bay

Andreeva Bay is a bay in Murmansk Oblast, Russia. The bay is a radioactive waste repository (or a place to store things).

As of 2022, the cleaning up of nuclear waste is not complete; Russian authorities said in May 2022 that half of the nuclear waste has been cleaned up in the last 5 years.

The bay became a radioactive waste repository in 1961. The bay is 55 km (34 mi) northwest of Murmansk (city) and 60 km (37 mi) from the Norwegian border, on the western shore of the ().

In February 1982, the happened.

In 2022, NRK.no published a photo of a crane; The website says that the crane has removed half of the nuclear waste from the bay.

Antônio Augusto Cançado Trindade

Antônio Augusto Cançado Trindade (17 September 1947 – 29 May 2022) was a Brazilian politician and lawyer. He was a judge on the International Court of Justice, beginning his term on 6 February 2009. Cançado Trindade was a professor at Utrecht University's Netherlands Institute of Human Rights (SIM). He was reelected to the Court in December 2017. Cançado Trindade was born in Belo Horizonte, Minas Gerais, Brazil.

Cançado Trindade died on 29 May 2022 in Brasília, Brazil at the age of 74.

Tarzan Goto

, better known by his ring name , was a Japanese professional wrestler. He wrestled on the independent circuit most of his career. He was best known for his steel cage matches in Frontier Martial-Arts Wrestling (FMW).

Goto died from liver cancer on May 29, 2022 at the age of 58.

Friedrich Christian Delius

Friedrich Christian Delius (13 February 1943 – 30 May 2022), also known as F.C. Delius, was a German writer. He published more than a dozen novels and a number of poetry collections. His work has been translated into more then 20 languages. He won numerous German literary prizes including the Joseph Breitbach Prize, the Georg Büchner Prize, and the Critics Prize.

Delius died on 30 May 2022 in Berlin, Germany at the age of 79.

Craig Farrell (footballer)

Craig Wayne Farrell (5 December 1982 – 30 May 2022) was an English professional footballer. He played as a forward in the Football League for Carlisle United and York City. He was born in Middlesbrough, North Yorkshire. His career began in 1991 and he retired in 2015.

Farrell died on 30 May 2022 at the age of 39.

Jeff Gladney

Jeff Gladney (December 12, 1996 – May 30, 2022) was an American professional football player. He was a cornerback in the National Football League (NFL) for two seasons from 2020 until 2022 for the Minnesota Vikings and Arizona Cardinals. Gladney played college football for the TCU Horned Frogs. Gladney was born in New Boston, Texas.

Gladney was killed in a car crash in Dallas, Texas on May 30, 2022 at the age of 25.

Milton Gonçalves

Milton Gonçalves (; 9 December 1933 – 30 May 2022) was a Brazilian actor, political activist and television director. He was one of the most famous black actors in Brazil. He was known for playing a police chief in "Kiss of the Spider Woman". Gonçalves was born in Monte Santo de Minas, Minas Gerais, Brazil. In the 1990s, he ran for Governor of Rio de Janeiro state.

Gonçalves died on 30 May 2022 in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil from problems caused by a stroke, aged 88.

Vincent Ryan (priest)

Vincent Gerard Ryan (22 April 1938 – 30 May 2022) was an Australian Catholic priest who was convicted of sexually abusing 37 children. He was first charged in October 1995 and sentenced to 14 years imprisonment. Ryan was the first Catholic priest in the Newcastle, New South Wales, region to be charged with child sexual abuse. He was one of the first in the world to be convicted of such abuse.

Ryan died on 30 May 2022 at the age of 84.

Jacques N'Guea

Jacques N'Guea Énongué (8 November 1955 – 31 May 2022) was a Cameroonian footballer. He played as a forward. He played for the Cameroon national team between 1977 and 1984. He took part in Cameroon's first FIFA World Cup in 1982. He also played for Ouragan de Loum and Canon Yaoundé.

N'Guea died in Yaoundé, Cameroon on 31 May 2022, aged 66, after a long-illness.

Bhim Singh (politician)

Bhim Singh (17 August 1941 – 31 May 2022) was an Indian politician, activist, lawyer and author. He was the founder, President and Chief Patron of the Jammu and Kashmir National Panthers Party (JKNPP). He was a member of the Lok Sabha for a short time in 1988. He was a member of the Jammu and Kashmir Legislative Assembly from 1977 until 1987. Singh was born in Ramnagar, then-British Raj.

Until his death, Singh was seen as a potential candidate for President or Vice President of India in the 2022 elections.

Singh died on 31 May 2022 from a long-illness at his home in Jammu, India at aged 80.

Carlo Smuraglia

Carlo Smuraglia (12 August 1923 – 30 May 2022) was an Italian politician, academic, lawyer and partisan. He was the President of National Association of Italian Partisans from 2011 to 2017. Before, he was a Member of the Senate from 1992 until 2001. Smuraglia was born in Ancona, Italy.

Smuraglia died on 30 May 2022 in Milan, Italy at the age of 98.

The Hard Ride

The Hard Ride is an action movie from 1971. It is about a U.S. Marine. He promises to take care of a dead friend's motorcycle. Then he is threatened by a gang of bikers. The movie was written and directed by Burt Topper. It stars Robert Fuller, Sherry Bain, and Tony Russel.

The soundtrack has a version of "Swing Low Sweet Chariot" on it. 

The Brothers (1972 TV series)

The Brothers is a British TV show. It is about a person who drives things to different places. When he dies, his family has to deal with their sadness and his road hauling business. It ran from 10 March, 1972 to 19 December, 1976 for 7 seasons and 92 episodes and was created by Gerard Glaister. It was originally played by Glyn Owen and then by Patrick O'Connell.

Full details on The Brothers plus episode guide can be found at the Colin Baker website http://www.colinbakeronline.com

Mesquite, Nevada

Mesquite is a city in Clark County, Nevada, United States, near the Arizona state line and northeast of Las Vegas on Interstate 15. As of the 2020 census, the city had a population of 20,471. 

Santa Clara, Utah

Santa Clara is a city in Washington County, Utah, United States and is a part of the St. George Metropolitan Area. The population was 7,553 at the 2020 census, up from 6,003 at the 2010 census.

Terminator 3: Rise of the Machines

Terminator 3: Rise of the Machines is an action movie from 2003. It stars Arnold Schwarzenegger. The plot is about time travel. The villains want to use time travel to make machines take over the world, but the Terminator is sent to stop that from happening.


Colin Campbell (lawyer)

Sir Colin Murray Campbell (26 December 1944 – 20 May 2022) was a Scottish lawyer and academic. He was the Vice Chancellor of the University of Nottingham. He retired as vice chancellor of the University of Nottingham in September 2008. He was appointed in 1988 as the country's youngest vice chancellor at the age of 43.

Campbell died on 20 May 2022, aged 77.

Jim Parks (cricketer, born 1931)

James Michael Parks (21 October 1931 – 31 May 2022) was an English cricketer. He played in forty six Tests for England, between 1954 and 1968. Parks was born in Haywards Heath, Sussex, England. His career began in 1949 and he retired in 1976. He played for Sussex County Cricket Club and Somerset County Cricket Club.

Parks died on 31 May 2022 from problems caused by a fall in Worthing, West Sussex, aged 90.

KK (singer)

Krishnakumar Kunnath (23 August 1968 – 31 May 2022) popularly known as KK, was an Indian playback singer. He recorded many songs for movies, such as "Hum Dil De Chuke Sanam", "Humraaz" and "Om Shanti Om". Kunnath was born in New Delhi, India. His career began in 1996.

Kunnath died from cardiac arrest while performing at a hotel in Kolkata, India on 31 May 2022, aged 53.

Hankuk University of Foreign Studies

Hankuk University of Foreign Studies (abbreviated as HUFS; Korean: 한국외국어대학교) is a private research university in Seoul, in South Korea. They are seen as one of the best universities in South Korea. The university currently teaches 45 foreign languages. It also teaches studies in humanities, law, social sciences, business, medical science, natural sciences, and engineering.

Wiliame Katonivere

Ratu Wiliame Maivalili Katonivere (born 20 April 1964) is a Fijian chief and politician who is the president of Fiji since 2021. He has also been the chief of Macuata Province since 2013, replacing his older brother Aisea Katonivere. He also played a role in conservation initiatives of Fiji's Great Sea Reef.

Cookie Jar Group

Cookie Jar Group was a Canadian media production and distribution company. Micheline Charest and Ronald A. Weinberg started it in 1976 in the United States as just a distributor. In 1984 they moved to Montreal and started to make children's TV series. The company made series including "Papa Beaver's Storytime", "The Cat Tales", "The Babaloos", "Wimzie's House", "The Little Lulu Show", "", "The Adventures of Paddington Bear", "The Animal Crackers", "The Secret World of Santa Claus", "Mumble Bumble" and "Mona the Vampire". DHX Media bought the company in 2012.

The company's original name was CINAR. It changed its name in 2004 to Cookie Jar Group. In 2014 it became DHX Cookie Jar Inc.


Kamisese Mara

Ratu Sir Kamisese Mara, CF, GCMG, KBE (6 May 1920 – 18 April 2004) was a Fijian politician. He was the Chief Minister from 1967 to 1970. He was the first Prime Minister from 1970 to 1992. He later was President from 1993 to 2000. He is seen as the founding father of the modern nation of Fiji.

Josefa Iloilo

Ratu Josefa Iloilovatu Uluivuda, CF, MBE, MSD, KStJ (29 December 1920 – 6 February 2011) was a Fijian politician. He was the 3rd President of Fiji from 2000 until 2009.

Penaia Ganilau

Ratu Sir Penaia Kanatabatu Ganilau (28 July 1918 – 15 December 1993) was the first President of Fiji, serving from 8 December 1987 until his death in 1993. He was Governor-General of Fiji from 12 February 1983 to 15 October 1987.

Ganilau died on 15 December 1993 in Washington, D.C. from sepsis caused by leukemia at the age of 75.

Bridget A. Brink

Bridget Ann Brink is an American politician. She is the United States Ambassador to Ukraine since 2022.

In April 2022, she was nominated by President Joe Biden to be the United States ambassador to Ukraine. She was the United States Ambassador to Slovakia from August 20, 2019 until May 2022 during the Donald Trump and Biden administration.

Newbie and the Disasternauts

Newbie and the Disasternauts (also known as Newbie, The Hero) or The Disasternauts in US titles, is a Brazilian-American animated comic science fiction parody television series aired in originally from 2010-2012 and rest of the English-language episodes in 2011-2013, an blatant example between inspired by American cartoons such as Cartoon Network and Nicktoons-style with frequent parodies other series in general. In the United States, it is currently aired shown on Starz Kids and Family since April 1, 2013.

Newbie takes over by adventures.


Neil Parish

Neil Quentin Gordon Parish (born 26 May 1956) is a British farmer and former Conservative politician. He was Member of Parliament (MP) for Tiverton and Honiton from 2010 to 2022. He was a member of the European Parliament for South West England from 1999 to 2009. 

In April 2022, Parish had the Conservative party whip suspended and eventually resigned as MP after admitting to watching pornography during a commons meeting.

Patrick Godfrey

Patrick Lindesay Archibald Godfrey (born 13 February 1933) is an English actor. He is known for his roles in "A Room with a View", "The Remains of the Day", "The Importance of Being Earnest", "The Count of Monte Cristo", "Dimensions" and "Les Misérables".

Amanda Walker

Amanda Galafres Patterson Walker (born 29 November 1935) is an English actress. She is known for her roles in "28 Weeks Later", "Heat and Dust", "A Room with a View", "Pollyanna" and "Churchill and the Generals".

Lia Thomas

Lia Catherine Thomas (born ) is an American swimmer. She was a student at the University of Pennsylvania. She is the first openly transgender athlete to win an NCAA Division I national championship, having won the women's 500-yard freestyle event in 2022. During her swimming career, Thomas has been part of the public debate about transgender women in women's sports. 

Boston Police Department

The Boston Police Department is the main law enforcement agency in Boston, Massachusetts. There are currently 2,144 sworn uniform police personnel and 569 civilian members. They also have 33 K-9s.


Scinax rupestris

Scinax rupestris is a frog. It lives in Goiás in Brazil. It lives more than 1000 meters above sea level. It lives in small rivers near where there is quartzite rock in the ground.

The adult male frog is 21.9 to 27.7 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is 26.7 to 31.7 mm. The iris of its eye is bright yellow. There is a small, hard spike behind the jaw.

List of Diabolik Lovers episodes

"Diabolik Lovers" is a Japanese anime series based on the video game of the same name.

Oak Creek, Wisconsin

Oak Creek is a city in Milwaukee County, Wisconsin, United States.

South Milwaukee, Wisconsin

South Milwaukee is a city in Milwaukee County, Wisconsin, United States.

St. Francis, Wisconsin

St. Francis is a city in Milwaukee County, Wisconsin, United States.

Wauwatosa, Wisconsin

Wauwatosa is a city in Milwaukee County, Wisconsin, United States.

Auburn, Michigan

Auburn is a city in Bay County, Michigan, United States.

Essexville, Michigan

Essexville is a city in Bay County, Michigan, United States.

Pinconning, Michigan

Pinconning is a city in Bay County, Michigan, United States.

Frankfort, Michigan

Frankfort is a city in Benzie County, Michigan, United States.

Silver Jews

Silver Jews is an American indie rock band formed in 1989.


East Lyme, Connecticut

East Lyme is a town in New London County, Connecticut, United States.

Franklin, Connecticut

Franklin is a town in New London County, Connecticut, United States.

Lebanon, Connecticut

Lebanon is a town in New London County, Connecticut, United States.

Ledyard, Connecticut

Ledyard is a town in New London County, Connecticut, United States.

Lisbon, Connecticut

Lisbon is a town in New London County, Connecticut, United States.

Lyme, Connecticut

Lyme is a town in New London County, Connecticut, United States.

North Stonington, Connecticut

North Stonington is a town in New London County, Connecticut, United States.

Preston, Connecticut

Preston is a town in New London County, Connecticut, United States.

Sprague, Connecticut

Sprague is a town in New London County, Connecticut, United States.

Stonington, Connecticut

Stonington is a town in New London County, Connecticut, United States.

Voluntown, Connecticut

Voluntown is a town in New London County, Connecticut, United States.

Ellington, Connecticut

Ellington is a town in Tolland County, Connecticut, United States.

Hebron, Connecticut

Hebron is a town in Tolland County, Connecticut, United States.

Somers, Connecticut

Somers is a town in Tolland County, Connecticut, United States.

Stafford, Connecticut

Stafford is a town in Tolland County, Connecticut, United States.

Union, Connecticut

Union is a town in Tolland County, Connecticut, United States.

Willington, Connecticut

Willington is a town in Tolland County, Connecticut, United States.

Pomfret, Connecticut

Pomfret is a town in Windham County, Connecticut, United States.

Lowville (village), New York

Lowville is the county seat of Lewis County, New York, United States

Bright Flight

Bright Flight is the fourth studio album by Silver Jews. The album was released on November 20, 2001.

Cardinal Richelieu (Amisani)

Cardinal Richelieu (also known as Richelieu) is a 19th-century painted in oil by the italian painter Giuseppe Amisani, made in 1890, is kept in the Villa Necchi Campiglio of Milano in Italy.

Giuseppe Amisani's work portrays Cardinal Richelieu.


El Viaje Misterioso de Nuestro Jomer (The Mysterious Voyage of Homer)

'"El Viaje Misterioso de Nuestro Jomer (The Mysterious Voyage of Homer)"', is the ninth episode in the eighth season of the American animated television series "The Simpsons". It originally aired on the Fox network in the United States on January 5, 1997. 
In the episode, Homer eats several hot chili peppers and hallucinates. It causes him to go on a mysterious travel. Following this, he questions his relationship with Marge. He also goes on a journey to find his soulmate.
"El Viaje Misterioso de Nuestro Jomer (The Mysterious Voyage of Homer)" was written by Garland Testa and directed by Anthony Lioi. The episode explores themes of marriage, community, and alcohol use. Homer's voyage features surreal animation to depict the elaborate hallucination. The episode guest stars Johnny Cash as the "Space Coyote".

Benjamín Vicuña

Benjamín Vicuña Luco (born November 29, 1978) is a Chilean film, theater and television actor and businessman, who has developed his career in Chile as well as in Argentina and Spain. Together with Gonzalo Valenzuela, he is the founder of the Mori Cultural Center. He was selected as the seventh best Chilean actor of all time by the "Chile Elige" list, in 2006.
He is the youngest of the four children of Juan Pablo Vicuña Parot and Isabel Luco Morandé —the others are: Carolina (psychologist), María José (painter) and Juan Pablo (architect)—.  His parents separated when he was 4 years old and his mother remarried Oussama Aboughazal. 

Upon finishing school, he entered the theater career at the University of Chile.  There he discovered his companions, with whom he would later form "El Hijo", a theater company that has staged works such as "El lugar comun", "Sala de urgencies", "Ifigenia", "Cuec@" and "La mujer gallina". At this stage of his life, he also experienced "street theater", encouraged by the masters of Chilean theater: Fernando González, Alfredo Castro, Rodrigo Pérez and Ramón Griffero, to name a few.


Josh Weinstein

'"Josh Weinstein"' (born May 5, 1966) is an American television writer and producer, known for his work on the animated comedy series The Simpsons and Steven Universe. Weinstein and Bill Oakley.

Helter Shelter (The Simpsons)

'"Helter Shelter"' is the 5th episode of the fourteenth season of the American animated television series The Simpsons. It originally aired on the Fox network in the United States on December 1, 2002.

Allen Glazier

Allen Glazier is an American writer. He has written four episodes of The Simpsons King of the Hill, all with Dan Greaney.

Bob Mothersbaugh

Robert Leroy Mothersbaugh, Jr. (; born August 11, 1952), or by his stage name "Bob 1", is an American songwriter, composer, musician and singer.

Mothersbaugh's music career spans more than 40 years. He became famous in the late 1970s as lead guitarist and occasional lead singer of the new wave band Devo, which released a Top 20 hit in 1980 with the single "Whip It". The band has maintained a cult following throughout its existence. He is the younger brother of co-founder and lead singer Mark Mothersbaugh.

A Future Without a Past...

A Future Without a Past... is the debut studio album by Leaders of the New School. The album was released on July 2, 1991.

Observatoire de Haute-Provence

Observatoire de Haute-Provence ("Observatory of Haute-Provence" in French) is the main astronomical observatory in the southeast of France. It is about from Marseilles and east of Avignon. The four main telescopes have diameters between . They discover exoplanets, asteroids, etc.

Mikuláš Dzurinda

Mikuláš Dzurinda (born 4 February 1956) is a Slovak politician who was the Prime Minister of Slovakia from 30 October 1998 to 4 July 2006.

He is the founder and leader of the Slovak Democratic Coalition (SDK) and then the Slovak Democratic and Christian Union. From 2002 to 2006, his party formed a coalition government with the Christian Democratic Movement, the Alliance of the New Citizen and the Party of the Hungarian Coalition. 
He carried out reforms included flat tax 19%, pension reform (second pillar), education financing reform (except colleges and universities). During his term Slovakia joined both the European Union and NATO.

Ain't a Damn Thang Changed

Ain't a Damn Thang Changed is the debut studio album by WC and the Maad Circle. The album was released on September 17, 1991. The music on the album is about life in Los Angeles for African Americans.

Mickey's Polo Team

Mickey's Polo Team is a 1936 American animated short movie. It was produced by Walt Disney Productions and released by United Artists. The cartoon shows a game of polo played by four Disney characters, led by Mickey Mouse, and four cartoon versions of real-life movie stars. It was directed by David Hand and was first released on January 4, 1936. It was the 80th Mickey Mouse short film to be released, and the first of that year.


Gulliver Mickey

Gulliver Mickey is a black and white short cartoon in the "Mickey Mouse" series. It was produced by Walt Disney and released by United Artists in 1934. It was the 66th Mickey Mouse short film to be released, and the fourth of that year.


The short was released on December 2, 2002, on "".

Jungle Rhythm

Jungle Rhythm is a Mickey Mouse short animated movie. It was released on November 15, 1929, as part of the "Mickey Mouse" movie series. It was the thirteenth Mickey Mouse short to be made, the tenth of that year.

The short was released on December 7, 2004, on "".


List of West Indies Test cricketers

This is a list of West Indian Test cricketers. A Test match is an international cricket match between two of the leading cricketing nations. The list is arranged in the order in which each player won his Test cap. Those players who won their first Test cap in the same Test match as other players who had such a win, are listed alphabetically by surname.

Statistics are correct as of 27 March 2022.

Notes: 



Daddy Duck

Daddy Duck is a 1948 animated short film featuring Donald Duck. It was released by Walt Disney Productions.


The short was released on December 11, 2007 on "".


List of Oman ODI cricketers

A One Day International (ODI) is an international cricket match between two representative teams, each having ODI status, as determined by the International Cricket Council (ICC). An ODI differs from Test matches in that the number of overs per team is limited, and that each team has only one innings. Oman earned One Day International (ODI) in April 2019 as a result of their performance at the 2019 ICC World Cricket League Division Two (WCL2). Oman's first ODI match was the final of the WCL2 against Namibia on 27 April 2019.

The list is arranged in the order in which each player won his first ODI cap. Where more than one player won his first ODI cap in the same match, those players are listed alphabetically by surname.


Craig of the Creek

Craig of the Creek is an American animated television series. It was created by Matt Burnett and Ben Levin for Cartoon Network. The show's pilot episode debuted directly on the official app on December 1, 2017. The series premiered online on February 19, 2018, with a double-premiere event airing on March 30, 2018. The series received mostly positive reviews from fans and critics.

The show's music is composed by Jeff Rosenstock.

Mickey's Rival

Mickey's Rival is a 1936 Mickey Mouse short film. It was directed by Wilfred Jackson and produced by Walt Disney. It introduces the character of Mortimer Mouse. It was the 84th Mickey Mouse short film to be released, the fifth of that year.





Moving Day (movie)

Moving Day is a 1936 American animated short film. It was produced by Walt Disney Productions and released by United Artists.


The short was released on December 4, 2001 on "".

Additional releases include:


NickMom

NickMom was a nighttime programming block. It was owned by Viacom Media Networks. It was aired on the Nick Jr. Channel from October 1, 2012 to September 28, 2015. At this time, children would normally be sleeping. The block broadcasted comedy programming for adults, particularly mothers.

The NickMom block lasted for almost three years, ending its run on September 28, 2015. The NickMom website was also closed, and the domain now redirects to the parental resources section of Nick.com.

Mickey's Circus

Mickey's Circus is an animated short film produced by Walt Disney Productions and released August 1, 1936. Known crew include director Ben Sharpsteen and animators Milt Kahl, Frank Thomas, Al Eugster, Shamus Culhane, and Errol Gray. It was the 87th Mickey Mouse short film to be released, the eighth of that year.


The short was released on December 4, 2001, on "".


Republican Proposal

Republican Proposal (Spanish: "Propuesta Republicana") is a centre-right political party in Argentina. It is usually called PRO, which is its abbreviation. PRO was formed in 2005 as an electoral alliance, or group of political parties that work together in elections. It was transformed into a national party in 2010. It is the biggest party in the Cambiemos coalition, and its leader is Patricia Bullrich.

Logo TV

Logo TV (often shortened to Logo, and stylized as Logo.) is a American basic cable channel. It is owned by Paramount Media Networks, a division of Paramount Global. Launched in 2005, Logo was originally dedicated to lifestyle and entertainment programming targeting LGBT audiences. As of January 2016, about 50 million households receive Logo.The TV channel is same like an icon.

Life Ante Itta Vundaala

"Life Ante Itta Vundaala" is a 2022 Indian Telugu-language song by singers Geetha Madhuri and Rahul Sipligunj. The song features Pooja Hegde as lead, alongside Venkatesh and Varun Tej.

It was composed by Devi Sri Prasad from the 2018 soundtrack album "F3" of the film of the same name. The song is written by Kasarla Shyam. The song features Pooja Hegde as lead, alongside Venkatesh and Varun Tej.

The song was released on 17 May 2022. The song received positive response.

Apple &amp; Onion

Apple & Onion is an American animated television series. It was created by George Gendi for Cartoon Network. The series is produced by Cartoon Network Studios. The series is a surreal comedy which focuses on its titular characters Apple and Onion and their adventures in a settlement inhabited by anthropomorphic food.

Parkland Memorial Hospital

Parkland Memorial Hospital is a hospital in Dallas, Texas, United States.

Baby Looney Tunes

Baby Looney Tunes is an American animated television series depicting toddler versions of "Looney Tunes" characters. It was produced by Warner Bros. Animation.
In 1997, Warner Bros. Animation announced the show as an upcoming series. In January 2001, they ended production and the pilot aired on June 3, 2001. They restarted production 5 days later and re-ended production; and the show started as a full series on July 28, 2001.

Underscoring for the series was written by veteran animation composers Steven and Julie Bernstein. They were nominated for a Daytime Emmy (Outstanding Achievement in Music Direction and Composition) in 2006. They also composed the score for the Easter movie, "Baby Looney Tunes' Eggs-traordinary Adventure", writing the music and lyrics for the featured songs.

Warner Home Video has released 15 of the 53 episodes of "Baby Looney Tunes", including the DVD of the only "Baby Looney Tunes" movie: "Eggs-traordinary Adventure".

In the United Kingdom, 4 volumes were released on DVD from July 15, 2013. Each disc contains 4 half-hour episodes.



Scinax constrictus

Scinax constrictus is a frog. It lives in Brazil and Bolivia.

Continental Airlines Flight 1713

Continental Airlines Flight 1713 crashed while taking off during a snow storm from Stapleton International Airport in Denver, Colorado on November 15, 1987. The Douglas DC-9-14 was operated by Continental Airlines and was a scheduled flight to Boise, Idaho. Twenty-five passengers and three crew members died in the accident.

Flight 1713 was scheduled to depart Denver at 12:25 PM, but many flights out of Denver had been delayed due to inclement weather. The flight was cleared to take off at 2 :14 PM local time.

As the plane was taking off, it began to veer violently; the plane descended and the left wing hit the ground, causing the wing to sever. The left side of the plane and the flight deck hit the ground afterward and the plane continued to roll upside down. Of the 82 occupants on board (77 passengers and 5 crew), 28 died while 54 survived. Most of the passengers who died were in the midsection of the plane. When the plane left, the left side tilted until it touched the tail when it was inverted; this caused the midsection of the plane to dent and crush many of the passengers on board. Fitzsimmons' Army Medical Facility sent its personnel to assist in triaging the wounded. Of the passengers who died, sixteen did so from some kind of trauma and twelve died from mechanical asphyxiation.

Of the passengers who survived, twenty-four suffered minor injuries and twenty-seven suffered serious injuries.


Modal dispersion

Modal Dispersion occurs when light travels at different times across fibre optic cables due to light traveling at different distances. This is caused in wider cables where light can be reflected in walls a lot (more distance) or they can go straight line (shortest distance).

The Mad Doctor (1933 movie)

The Mad Doctor is a Mickey Mouse cartoon released in 1933. It is known as the first appearance of the title character "The Mad Doctor", or "Dr. XXX". It was the 52nd Mickey Mouse short film, and the second of that year.

R'coon Dawg

R'coon Dawg is a 1951 American animated short film. It was produced by Walt Disney and directed by Charles August Nichols. It was the 123rd short in the "Mickey Mouse" film series to be released, and the only one produced that year.

Even though this cartoon belongs to the Mickey Mouse series, and Mickey Mouse is shown in hunting gear, Pluto is the main character.

Mickey and Pluto are hunting a raccoon, who is quite clever and intends to make fun of his pursuers.


The short was released on May 18, 2004, on "".

A Knight for a Day

A Knight for a Day is a 1946 Disney short film starring Goofy. It is based on the novel "A Connecticut Yankee in King Arthur's Court". Directed by Jack Hannah, this 7-minute animated comedy short was scripted by Bill Peet.


This short is included on the VHS releases of "Here's Goofy" and "The Sword in the Stone" and the DVD releases of "Volume 3: The Prince & The Pauper" and "The Sword in the Stone".

Symphony Hour

Symphony Hour is a 1942 American animated short film produced by Walt Disney Productions and released by RKO Radio Pictures. The cartoon depicts Mickey Mouse conducting a symphony orchestra sponsored by Pete. The film was directed by Riley Thomson and features music adapted from the "Light Cavalry Overture" by Franz von Suppé. The voice cast includes Walt Disney as Mickey, Billy Bletcher as Pete, and John McLeish as a radio announcer. It was the 117th short in the "Mickey Mouse" film series to be released, and the second for that year.


Donald Duck and others have no dialogue in film.


The short was released on May 18, 2004 on "".

Call of Duty: Finest Hour

Call Of Duty: Finest Hour is a WW2 war shooter. The game launched on November 16, 2004, it was a spin-off of the first Call of Duty, which sets the stage for World War II. It is the third video game in the series and the first to make the release to PlayStation 2, GameCube, and Xbox consoles. There is not a PC version.

Jean Lèques

Jean Lèques (31 August 1931 – 1 June 2022) was a New Caledonian politician. He was mayor of Nouméa from 1986 to 2014. From 1999 and 2001 he was the first president of the government of New Caledonia. Lèques was born in Nouméa. He was a member of The Rally–UMP.

Lèques died on 1 June 2022 in Nouméa, aged 90.

Walter Abish

Walter Abish (December 24, 1931 – May 28, 2022) was an Austrian-born American writer. He wrote many short-stories. He was awarded a MacArthur Fellowship in 1987. His best known works were "Alphabetical Africa" (1974) and "How German Is It" (1980).

Abish died on May 28, 2022 at a hospital in New York City, aged 90.

Fred Aftalion

Alfred Henri Aftalion (2 May 1922 – 24 May 2022), better known as Fred Aftalion, was a French chemical engineer. He was Vice-President of ALEPS, the Association pour la Liberté Economique et le Progrès Social. He also wrote about economics and politics and supported economic liberalism.

Aftalion died on 24 May 2022 in Paris, France at the age of 100.

Cali Cartel

The Cali Cartel () was a drug cartel in southern Colombia, around the city of Cali and the Valle del Cauca Department. Its founders were the brothers Gilberto Rodríguez Orejuela and Miguel Rodríguez Orejuela, and José Santacruz Londoño. They broke away from Pablo Escobar and his Medellín cartel in the late 1980s.

When the Cali Cartel had high power from 1993 to 1995, they were seen as having control of over 80% of the world's cocaine market and were said to be directly responsible for the growth of the cocaine market in Europe, controlling 80% of the market there. By the mid-1990s, the Cali Cartel's international drug trafficking empire was a $7 billion a year.

Miguel Rodríguez Orejuela

Miguel Ángel Rodríguez Orejuela (born August 15, 1943) is a convicted Colombian drug lord. He was one of the leaders of the Cali Cartel. He is the younger brother of Gilberto Rodríguez Orejuela. 

On March 11, 2005, Rodriguez Orejuela was extradited to the United States. On September 26, 2006, Rodríguez Orejuela was sentenced to 30 years in prison, after pleading guilty to charges of conspiring to import cocaine to the U.S. He is in a Pennsylvania prison.

Courtesy title

A courtesy title isn't a title that can be used legally, but is common in nobility.

John R. Davis Jr.

John Roger Davis Jr. (born July 25, 1927) is an American politician. From 1988 to 1990, he was the United States Ambassador to Poland during the Ronald Reagan and George H. W. Bush administrations. Later, from 1992 to 1994, he was the United States Ambassador to Romania during the Bush and Bill Clinton administrations. Davis Jr. was born in Eau Claire, Wisconsin.

Trappe, Maryland

Trappe is a town in Talbot County, Maryland, United States. The population was 1,177 at the 2020 census.

When You Dish Upon a Star

When You Dish Upon a Star is the fifth episode of tenth season of the American animated television series The Simpsons. It originally aired on the Fox Network in the United States on November 8, 1998. It was written by John Frink.

Bart Star

Bart Star is the sixth episode of ninth season of The Simpsons.

It originally aired on the Fox Network in the United States on November 9, 1997. It was written by Reid Harrison and directed by David Silverman.

Lloyd Doggett

Lloyd Alton Doggett II (born October 6, 1946) is an American attorney and politician. He is a U.S. representative from Texas from 1995 to 2023. He is a member of the Democratic Party. Doggett was the only Democrat to represent any part of Austin in Congress.

Stephen McHattie

Stephen McHattie Smith (born February 3, 1946) is a Canadian actor. He won the Genie Award for Best Supporting Actor for his role in "The Rocket", and a Gemini Award for "Life with Billy".

Bob Peterson (filmmaker)

Robert Peterson (born January 18, 1961) is an American animator, screenwriter, storyboard supervisor, director and voice actor who works at Pixar. 
He was hired at Pixar by Roger Gould in 1994 as an animator for commercials, before subsequently becoming an animator on "Toy Story" (1995). He was the co-director for "Up" (2009), in which he also voiced the characters Dug and Alpha. He was a co-writer on "Finding Nemo" (2003) and "Cars 3" (2017).


Lloyd Nelson Hand

Lloyd Nelson Hand (born January 31, 1929) is an American lawyer and former political aide. He was the Chief of Protocol of the United States from 1965 until 1966.

Tyler Abell

Tyler Abell (born 9 August 1932) is an American lawyer and politician. He was the Chief of Protocol of the United States during the Lyndon B. Johnson presidency from 1968 until 1969.

Matilda (2022 movie)

Roald Dahl's Matilda the Musical (or simply known as Matilda) is a 2022 American-British musical fantasy movie. It is a movie based on "Matilda the Musical" which is in turn based on the children's novel by Roald Dahl. It is the second film adaption of it after the 1996 film adaption of it. "Matilda the Musical" had its world premiere at the BFI London Film Festival on 5 October 2022, and was theatrically released in the United Kingdom on 25 November 2022, by Sony Pictures Releasing International through TriStar Pictures, while in the United States, the film was released on 9 December 2022, in addition to being available to stream on Netflix on 25 December. The film received positive reviews from critics, with particular praise for Thompson's performance.

While other parents adore their newborn children, Mrs Wormwood is distraught to learn she is pregnant and in labor. To Mr Wormwood's confusion, she has a girl, Matilda. Despite her parents' disdain, Matilda grows into a sweet child who loves reading books and visits Mrs Phelps, the librarian, every day. Upon discovering that Matilda has not been properly schooled, Miss Jennifer Honey and an inspector visit the house to suggest Matilda be sent to Crunchem Hall. Angry at the fine, Mr Wormwood warns the headmistress, Miss Agatha Trunchbull, about Matilda. In retaliation, Matilda tricks him into dyeing his hair green.

On her way to school, Matilda tells Mrs Phelps her story about an escapologist who falls in love with and marries an acrobat. When the school bell rings, Matilda befriends a new girl named Lavender. They are taught to fear the school and Miss Trunchbull by Hortensia, an older student, and the prefects along with the rest of the students at Crunchem Hall. In Miss Honey's class, Matilda solves a complex maths equation on the board and confesses that she loves reading most of all. Miss Honey tries to convince Miss Trunchbull to move Matilda to a more advanced class, and Miss Trunchbull refuses to let Matilda be an exception to the rules.

At home, Matilda criticizes her father, who furiously rips her library book apart and wrongly sends Matilda to her room. In the morning, she glues his hat to his head in retaliation. At school, Matilda leads the students in protecting Nigel from being wrongfully punished, and Miss Trunchbull throws Amanda Thripp by her pigtail braids over the fence instead. The next day, Miss Trunchbull falsely accuses Matilda of stealing a slice of her private chocolate cake, but Bruce Bogtrotter reveals he is the culprit by belching a chocolatey belch. Miss Trunchbull punishes Bruce by forcing him to eat the entire cake, promising he will be forgiven if he manages it. Furious that he succeeds, Miss Trunchbull condemns him to the Chokey regardless. Matilda attempts to defend him as he is led away. Matilda continues the story for Mrs Phelps: the now-pregnant acrobat was forced to perform a dangerous stunt by her stepsister; the acrobat is horribly injured, and she dies after giving birth to a daughter. The escapologist forgives the stepsister and asks her to help him raise his daughter, but the stepsister secretly bullies her.

At home, Mr Wormwood locks Matilda in her room for criticising how he tricks people into buying his cars. Matilda ends her story: the aunt locks the daughter in the cellar and goes out, and the escapologist comes home early and learns his daughter is mistreated but never returns from confronting the stepsister during a thunderstorm. Miss Trunchbull forces the children through challenging exercises to crush their rebellious spirit. Lavender slips her pet newt Isaac into Miss Trunchbull's drinking water, and Matilda furiously uses her newly discovered telekinesis to make Isaac embarrass Miss Trunchbull. Miss Honey invites Matilda to tea at her cottage. There, Matilda learns that her story is real, the escapologist and the acrobat are Miss Honey's parents, and the evil stepsister is Miss Trunchbull. Matilda leaves the cottage and uses her powers to destroy the Chokey. At home, Matilda discovers that her father tricked the mafia, and the family must flee to Spain. Then, Matilda cries in her room about never seeing Miss Honey, Mrs Phelps and Lavender again.

When the children arrive at school, Miss Trunchbull forces them to spell words correctly or be locked in a new Chokey. She has Lavender spell a made-up word, tricking the other children into rebelliously spelling words incorrectly on purpose so that she can lock them all into Chokeys. However, Matilda uses her telekinesis to pretend to be the vengeful ghost of Magnus Honey, Miss Honey's father. She uses him to destroy all her new chokeys, then grabs her by her now pigtailed hair and launches her out of the school, just as Trunchbull did with Thripp. Miss Honey tells Miss Trunchbull never to return and takes back the keys to her father's house. The children led by Bruce and Hortensia celebrate their freedom, destroying Trunchbull's statue in the process. When Mr and Mrs Wormwood come to take Matilda to Spain, Miss Honey begs them to let Matilda stay with her. They allow Matilda to be adopted by Miss Honey, and Matilda uses her powers to unglue her father's hat. With Miss Honey as the new headmistress, the children rename the school The Big Friendly School. Mrs Phelps is overjoyed that Matilda's true story has a happy ending and that Matilda and Miss Honey live happily together.


Scinax caprarius

The Canastra snouted tree frog ("Scinax caprarius") is a frog. It lives in Colombia. Scientists have seen it between 900 and 1300 meters above sea level, where 2800 to 5000 mm of rainfall every year.

The adult frog is about 28.6 to 31.1 mm long from nose to rear end. Scientists wrote that the male frog's voice sounded like a goat.

Cocoon: The Return

Cocoon: The Return is a 1988 American science fiction comedy-drama movie directed by Daniel Petrie and is the sequel to the 1985 hit "Cocoon". It stars Don Ameche, Wilford Brimley, Courteney Cox, Hume Cronyn, Jack Gilford, Steve Guttenberg, Barret Oliver, Jessica Tandy, Maureen Stapleton, Gwen Verdon and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Cybersquatting

Cybersquatting is the use of a domain name which is another person's trademark. The domain name may be the name of a person, a company, or an organization. The purpose of cybersquatting is to make money.

For example:

In the USA, cybersquatting may be a crime under the Anticybersquatting Consumer Protection Act.

Typosquatting is a kind of cybersquatting. A domain name is used, which is similar to another website or trademark. For example, typosquatting could use "wikpedia.org" instead of "wikipedia.org". It could also use a different URL extension, such as "whitehouse.org" instead of "whitehouse.gov".

Ansett New Zealand Flight 703

Ansett New Zealand Flight 703 was an Ansett New Zealand airline flight between Auckland International Airport and Palmerston North International Airport. On June 9, 1995 at 9:22 am (local) he crashed to the ground just 16 km from the destination airport, amid adverse weather conditions and aircraft problems.

The crashed aircraft, a DHC-8 (or Dash 8), was carrying 18 passengers and 3 crew members, almost all of whom were New Zealand citizens with the exception of one American passenger. Of the 21 people on board, 3 died from the collision and 1 from serious injuries. On the ground, only three grazing sheep perished due to the impact of the plane.

According to the Australian investigation, the causes of the accident were pinned primarily on the captain and his first officer for the following reasons: 




As for the Ground Proximity Warning System (GPWS), it was determined that it was working incorrectly as it gave a late warning, which was estimated to be activated 17 seconds before the impact, and not 4 seconds as it actually was.

Reginald John Dixon, a passenger on the flight, made it out of the wreckage with some injuries but then went back to help other passengers until he was severely burned by a blaze. He died of his burns two weeks later.

For courage shown in a dangerous situation, this passenger was awarded the New Zealand Cross, New Zealand's highest citation for civilian bravery.

Ansett New Zealand Flight 703 was dramatised in the 8th episode of Season 21 on the show Air Crash Investigation titled "Caught in a Jam".

Zoot Suit Riots

The Zoot Suit Riots were a series of riots on June 3–8, 1943 in Los Angeles, California, United States, involving American servicemen stationed in Southern California and young Latino and Mexican American city residents. It was one of the dozen wartime industrial cities that suffered race-related riots in the summer of 1943, along with Mobile, Alabama; Beaumont, Texas; Detroit, Michigan; and New York City.

American servicemen and white Angelenos attacked and stripped children, teenagers, and youths who wore zoot suits, ostensibly because they considered the outfits, which were made from large amounts of fabric, to be unpatriotic during World War II. Rationing of fabrics and certain foods was required at the time for the war effort. While most of the violence was directed toward Mexican American youth; African American and Filipino American youths who were wearing zoot suits were also attacked.

The Zoot Suit Riots were related to fears and hostilities aroused by the coverage of the Sleepy Lagoon murder trial, following the killing of a young Latino man in what was then an unincorporated commercial area near Los Angeles. The riot appeared to trigger similar attacks that year against Latinos in Chicago, San Diego, Oakland, Evansville, Philadelphia, and New York City. The defiance of zoot suiters became inspirational for Chicanos during the Chicano Movement.

BBC News Arabic

BBC News Arabic (), formerly BBC Arabic Television, is a television news channel broadcast to the Arab World by the BBC. It was launched on 11 March 2008. It is run by the BBC World Service and funded from the British television licence fee.


Andrea Riseborough

Andrea Louise Riseborough (born 20 November 1981) is an English actress. For her role in the 2022 movie "To Leslie", she was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Actress.

Her best known roles were in "Happy-Go-Lucky" (2008), "Never Let Me Go", "Brighton Rock", "Made in Dagenham" (all 2010), "W.E." (2011), "Shadow Dancer", "Disconnect" (both 2012), "Welcome to the Punch", "Oblivion" (both 2013), "Birdman" (2014), "Nocturnal Animals" (2016), "Battle of the Sexes", "The Death of Stalin" (both 2017), "Mandy", "Nancy" (both 2018), "The Grudge" and "Possessor" (both 2020).

Cynthia Erivo

Cynthia Erivo (; born 8 January 1987) is an English actress and singer-songwriter. She has won a Daytime Emmy Award, a Grammy Award, and a Tony Award. She was in the Broadway revival of "The Color Purple" from 2015 to 2017.

She played Harriet Tubman in the biopic "Harriet" (2019), for which she received a nomination for the Academy Award for Best Actress.


Guillermo del Toro's Pinocchio

Guillermo del Toro's Pinocchio (or simply Pinocchio) is a stop-motion animated musical fantasy movie directed by Guillermo del Toro and Mark Gustafson.

It stars Ewan McGregor, David Bradley, Gregory Mann, Finn Wolfhard, Cate Blanchett, John Turturro, Ron Perlman, Tim Blake Nelson, Burn Gorman, Christoph Waltz and Tilda Swinton.

"Guillermo del Toro's Pinocchio" had its world premiere at the BFI London Film Festival on October 15, 2022. It was released in select theaters on November 25, 2022, before its streaming release on December 9, 2022, by Netflix. This is one of three 2022 "Pinocchio"-based films, the others being "" and Disney's live-action adaptation.

In Italy during the Great War, the carpenter Geppetto loses his son, Carlo, during an inadvertent aerial bomb of Austrian Army. Geppetto honors his memory by planting a pine cone near his grave and spends the next twenty years mourning his loss. 

An anthropomorphic cricket named Sebastian takes up residence in the resulting pine tree. Geppetto subsequently cuts the tree down in a fit of drunken rage in order to make a new son out of its wood. He passes out drunk, leaving the puppet unfinished, and a blue Wood Sprite brings it to life, christening him Pinocchio. The Sprite meets Sebastian and promises to grant him a wish, which he intends to use to become famous, in exchange for acting as Pinocchio's guide.

Geppetto later discovers that Pinocchio is alive and locks him in a closet while he goes to church, but he follows him, frightening the villagers. The next day, Geppetto sends Pinocchio to school, but the puppet is intercepted by the former aristocrat-turned-showman Count Volpe and his performing monkey, Spazzatura. 

Volpe convinces Pinocchio to join his circus and gets him to sign a contract. However, Geppetto catches him performing. After he arrives to take him home, him and Volpe have a tug-of-war that results in Pinocchio being thrown to the road, where he is hit by a car.

Pinocchio is sent to the afterlife where he meets the Black Rabbits. He is then sent through the doors to meet Death, the sister of the Wood Sprite. She explains to Pinocchio that he is immortal, and that he will return to the mortal realm once an hourglass has flowed, cautioning that the time he spends in the afterlife will increase each time he returns. 

Returning to the mortal realm, Pinocchio decides to join Volpe's circus, both to earn money for Geppetto and to avoid being drafted into the Royal Italian Army by the strict Podestà. In attempt to regain his legacy as the star, Spazzatura tells Pinocchio that Volpe has been conning him out of the money that he was going to send to Geppetto. Upon hearing this, Volpe starts beating Spazzatura, much to Pinocchio's disliking.

When Sebastian and Geppetto search for him at sea, they are swallowed by a giant Dogfish. During one of his performances, Pinocchio sings a toilet-humor ladened parody of a previous patriotic song to Prime Minister Benito Mussolini as revenge for Volpe's abuse and is shot by Mussolini's right-hand man, dying once more. Musssolini also orders the circus burned. In the Afterlife, Death warns him that his immortality is a burden and it will affect the lives of his loved ones.

He is again revived to find himself taken by the Podestà to a training camp where other small boys are trained to fight in the war. Pinocchio befriends the Podestà's son, Candlewick, who is scared of disappointing his father and being seen as weak. On Pinocchio's advice when the 2 end up winning a tie in a game, Candlewick stands up to his father when he tells him to shoot Pinocchio. But suddenly, the training camp gets bombed, killing the Podestà. The blast of the bomb causes the boys to separate, Pinocchio is thrown in the air by the blast while Candlewick climbs out of the debris. 

Pinocchio manages to escape and is captured by Volpe, wanting revenge against the puppet for humiliating him earlier, but Spazzatura intervenes and they are sent over a cliff, with Volpe meeting his demise. When Pinocchio rescues Spazzatura, they are swallowed by the Dogfish, where they soon reunite with Geppetto and Sebastian. 

Pinocchio tells some lies to make his nose grow to make a bridge leading out of the Dogfish's blowhole. Just as they escape, the Dogfish tries to eat them again, forcing Pinocchio to sacrifice himself by detonating a naval mine. Upon meeting Death again, he demands to be sent back early so that he can save Gepetto from drowning, despite the fact that this will make him mortal. After rescuing Gepetto, Pinocchio dies, prompting Sebastian to use his wish to bring Pinocchio back to life which the Wood Sprite grants.

Pinocchio and the others return home to live as a family. However, as Death told Pinocchio, he manages to outlive all of his loved ones as Geppetto, Sebastian and Spazzatura die with the passage of time. Now alone, Pinocchio decides to travel off to parts unknown for new adventures.

During the credits, Sebastian sings for the Black Rabbits in the afterlife.


Eurochannel

Eurochannel is a world television channel focused on European culture and lifestyle through movies, series and other programs dedicated to European culture. Eurochannel broadcasts in original audio with subtitles in English, Spanish and Portuguese.

Eurochannel is available in Hispanic America, France, Brazil, United States, Canada, the Caribbean, Angola, Mozambique, Portugal and North Macedonia.

In United States, Eurochannel is available on Google Play on all Android devices.

Eurochannel's programming includes mostly cinema, television series and music programs.





2022 Danish European Union opt-out referendum

A referendum on the abolition of the defense opt-out, one of the country's opt-outs from the European Union, was held in Denmark on 1 June 2022. 

The referendum was announced on 6 March 2022 after a defense agreement reached during the 2022 Russian invasion of Ukraine. The yes side won the referendum, winning two thirds of the vote.

Hot wiener

The hot wiener, or New York System wiener is a part of the food culture of Rhode Island. It is sold at "New York System" restaurants.

Opt-outs in the European Union

In general, the law of the European Union is valid in all of the twenty-seven European Union member states. However, some member states can opt-out from legislation or treaties of the European Union, meaning they do not have to be part in certain policy areas. 

Only three states have such opt-outs: Denmark (two opt-outs), the Republic of Ireland (two opt-outs) and Poland (one opt-out). The United Kingdom had four opt-outs before leaving the Union.

Common Security and Defence Policy

The Common Security and Defence Policy (CSDP) is the European Union's (EU) policy in terms of defence and crisis management. It is a main part of the EU's Common Foreign and Security Policy (CFSP).

The law includes:

Pretty Poison (group)

Pretty Poison is an American dance group based out of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, United States. Group members are Jade Starling (lead vocalist); Whey Cooler (keyboardist and guitarist); and Kaya Pryor (percussionist). Thomas Hays was also a guitarist as was Lou Franco. Pretty Poison is best known for their hit "Catch Me (I'm Falling)", a top 10 U.S. Billboard Hot 100 in 1987.

Jade Starling

Jade Starling is an American singer-songwriter, and the lead vocalist for 1980s band Pretty Poison. She lives in New Jersey. Starling is a gay-rights activist and an avid supporter of same-sex marriage. She also speaks phonetic Spanish and often records songs in both Spanish and English.

Planet Patrol

Planet Patrol is an American electro group originating in the 1980s. The members were Arthur Baker, John Robie, and a quintet of vocalists led by Herbert J. Jackson (lead singer), Joseph Lites, Rodney Butler, Michael Anthony Jones, and Melvin B. Franklin (not to be confused with Melvin Franklin of The Temptations). The group only produced a single album, the self-titled Planet Patrol in 1983, which peaked at #64 on the Billboard R&B Albums chart.

