2020 UEFA Champions League Final

The 2020 UEFA Champions League Final was the final match of the 2019–20 UEFA Champions League. It was played on 23 August 2020 at the Estádio da Luz in Lisbon, Portugal, between Paris Saint-Germain and Bayern Munich. The match was held behind closed doors due to the COVID-19 pandemic in Turkey. Originally, it had been scheduled to be played at the Atatürk Olympic Stadium in Istanbul, Turkey, on 30 May 2020. On 17 June 2020, the UEFA Executive Committee chose to relocate the final to Lisbon as part of a "final-eight tournament" consisting of single-match knockout ties played in two stadiums across the city.

"In the following table, finals until 1992 were in the European Cup era, since 1993 were in the UEFA Champions League era."
The final was originally scheduled to be played at the Atatürk Olympic Stadium in Istanbul, Turkey, on 30 May 2020. However, UEFA announced on 23 March 2020 that the final was postponed due to the COVID-19 pandemic. On 17 June 2020, the UEFA Executive Committee chose to relocate the final to Lisbon as part of a "final-eight tournament" consisting of single-match knockout ties played in two stadiums across the city.

The UEFA Executive Committee chose the Estádio da Luz, officially known as the Estádio do Sport Lisboa e Benfica, in Lisbon as the final venue at their meeting on 17 June 2020.

The home stadium of Benfica since 2003, it was rebuilt to host five matches of UEFA Euro 2004, including the final. Before its demolition in 2003, to make way for the new 65,000-capacity ground, the original Estádio da Luz hosted the 1992 European Cup Winners' Cup Final, where Werder Bremen beat Monaco 2–0, and the second leg of the 1983 UEFA Cup Final, where Anderlecht secured a 1–1 draw with Benfica to lift the trophy.

Lisbon had also hosted a European Cup final in 1967, when Celtic beat Inter Milan 2–1 at the Estádio Nacional. Lisbon also hosted the 2005 UEFA Cup Final at the Estádio José Alvalade, home of Benfica's local rivals and finalists Sporting CP, who lost 3–1 to CSKA Moscow.

Paris Saint-Germain reached their first Champions League final. They entered the final having played 110 matches in the European Cup and Champions League, the most for a final debutant, surpassing Arsenal's record of 90 matches prior to their final appearance in 2006.

Bayern Munich reached their eleventh Champions League final, tying Milan for the second-most finals behind Real Madrid's 16. Recently, they appeared in the 2013 final, in which they won 2–1 against Borussia Dortmund for their fifth title. 

"Note: In all results below, the score of the finalist is given first (H: home; A: away; N: neutral)."
The original identity of the 2020 UEFA Champions League Final was unveiled at the group stage draw on 29 August 2019.

The ambassador for the original Istanbul final was Hamit Altıntop, who finished as runner-up in the 2009–10 UEFA Champions League with Bayern Munich as well as winning the 2003 and 2004 UEFA Intertoto Cups with Schalke 04.

On 20 August 2020, UEFA named Italian Daniele Orsato as the referee for the final. He was joined with Lorenzo Manganelli and Alessandro Giallatini as assistant referees, Massimiliano Irrati as the video assistant referee and Marco Guida as the assistant VAR official. The fourth official was Ovidiu Hațegan, while Roberto Díaz Pérez del Palomar and Alejandro Hernández Hernández served as the offside and support VAR officials, respectively.

Each team made one change to their starting line-up following the semi-finals. After recovering from injury, Keylor Navas started in place of Sergio Rico. For Bayern Munich, Hansi Flick decided to replace Ivan Perišić, and Kingsley Coman on the left wing. Jérôme Boateng was also fit to start for Bayern, having suffered a minor injury in the semi-final which required him to be substituted off at half-time.

The "home" team (for administrative purposes) was determined by an additional draw held on 10 July 2020 (after the quarter-final and semi-final draws), at the UEFA headquarters in Nyon, Switzerland.

<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>



John Napier

John Napier (he also signed as Neper, and Nepair) 1550 – 4 April 1617) was a Scottish landowner, nicknamed "Marvellous Merchiston". He was a mathematician, physicist, and astronomer. He was the 8th Laird of Merchiston. His Latinized name was Ioannes Neper.

John Napier is best known as the discoverer of logarithms and Napier's constant. He also invented the so-called "Napier's bones" and made common the use of the decimal point in arithmetic and mathematics.

London, Brighton and South Coast Railway

The London, Brighton and South Coast Railway (LBSCR was a railway company in England from 1846 to 1922. Its territory formed a rough triangle, with London at its apex, most of the coastline of Sussex as its base, and a large part of Surrey. The LBSCR had the most direct routes from London to the south coast seaside resorts of Brighton, Eastbourne, Worthing, Littlehampton and Bognor Regis, and to the ports of Newhaven and Shoreham-by-Sea. It served the inland towns/cities of Chichester, Horsham, East Grinstead and Lewes, and jointly served Croydon, Tunbridge Wells, Dorking and Guildford. At the London end was a complicated suburban and outer-suburban network of lines emanating from London Bridge and Victoria, and shared interests in two cross-London lines.

The LBSCR was formed by a merger of five companies in 1846. On 1 January 1923, it became part of the Southern Railway under the Railways Act 1921.

Shoreham-by-Sea

Shoreham-by-Sea (often shortened to Shoreham) is a seaside town and port in West Sussex, England. The town is bordered to its north by the South Downs, to its west by the Adur Valley and to its south by the River Adur and Shoreham Beach on the English Channel. The town lies in the middle of the ribbon of urban development along the English south coast. It is about half-way between Brighton and Hove to the east and Worthing to the west. Shoreham covers an area of and has a population of 20,547 (2011 census).

Leo Sayer-English-born, Australian singer, famous for a number of hits mainly during the 1970s and early 1980s.

South Eastern Railway (UK)

The South Eastern Railway (SER) was a railway company in south-eastern England from 1836 to 1922. The company was formed to construct a route from London to Dover. Branch lines were later opened to Tunbridge Wells, Hastings, Canterbury and other places in Kent. The SER absorbed or leased other railways, including the London and Greenwich Railway and the Canterbury and Whitstable Railway. Most of the company's routes were in Kent, eastern Sussex and the London suburbs. There was also a long cross-country route from Redhill, Surrey to Reading, Berkshire.
Much of the company's early history saw attempts at expansion. This sometimes led to feuds with its neighbours, the London, Brighton and South Coast Railway (LBSCR) in the west and the London, Chatham and Dover Railway (LCDR) to the north-east. However, in 1899 the SER agreed with the LCDR to share operation of the two railways and work them as a single system, marketed as the South Eastern and Chatham Railway. Receipts were pooled but it was not a full amalgamation. The SER and LCDR remained separate companies until they became constituents of the Southern Railway on 1 January 1923 under the Railways Act 1921.

William Oughtred

William Oughtred 5 March 1574 – 30 June 1660) was an English mathematician and Anglican clergyman. 

John Napier invented logarithms and Edmund Gunter created the logarithmic scales. Oughtred was the first to use two such scales. He slid one next to another to do direct multiplication and division. He is credited with inventing the slide rule in about 1622. 

He also introduced the "×" multiplication sign and the abbreviations "sin" and "cos" for the sine and cosine functions.

London, Chatham and Dover Railway

The London, Chatham and Dover Railway (LCDR) was a railway company in south-eastern England (registered 1 August 1859). It was previously called the East Kent Railway. 

Its lines ran through London and northern and eastern Kent to form a part of the Greater London commuter network. The railway was always in a difficult financial situation. It went bankrupt in 1867 but was able to continue to operate. Many of the difficulties were caused by competition and duplication of services with the South Eastern Railway (SER). However, in 1898 the LCDR agreed with the SER to share the operation of the two railways and work them as a single system under the name South Eastern and Chatham Railway. Receipts were pooled but it was not a full amalgamation. 

The SER and LCDR remained separate companies until they became part of the Southern Railway on 1 January 1923 (Railways Act 1921).

South Eastern and Chatham Railway

The South Eastern and Chatham Railway (SECR), was a working union of two neighbouring railways, the South Eastern Railway (SER) and London, Chatham and Dover Railway (LCDR), which operated between London and south east England. Between 1899 and 1923, the SECR had a monopoly of railway services in Kent and to the main Channel ports for ferries to France and Belgium. In 1923, the SECR became a part of the Southern Railway under the Railways Act 1921.

Caledonian Railway

The Caledonian Railway (CR) was a major Scottish railway company. It was formed in the early 19th century to form a link between English railways and Glasgow. It steadily extended its network and reached Edinburgh and Aberdeen. It also had a dense network of branch lines in the area surrounding Glasgow. It was absorbed by the London, Midland and Scottish Railway in 1923 under the Railways Act 1921. Many of its main routes are still used. The original main line between Carlisle and Glasgow is now part of the West Coast Main Line. 

Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway

The Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway (L&YR) was a major British railway company before the 1923 Grouping. It was created in 1847 by joining the Manchester and Leeds Railway and a number of smaller railway companies. It was the third largest railway system based in Northern England. Only the Midland Railway and the North Eastern Railway were bigger.

It was the first mainline railway to introduce electrification of some of its lines. It also ran steamboat services across the Irish Sea and North Sea. It was a bigger shipowner than any other British railway company.

It amalgamated with the London and North Western Railway on 1 January 1922. One year later, the merged company became the largest constituent of the London, Midland and Scottish Railway under the Railways Act 1921.


Aintree

Aintree is a village and civil parish in the Metropolitan Borough of Sefton, Merseyside, England. It was historically in Lancashire. It lies between Walton and Maghull on the A59 road. It is about north-east of Liverpool city centre, in North West England.

It is best known as the site of Aintree Racecourse, which since the 19th century has staged the Grand National horserace. During the 1950s and 1960s, there was also a three-mile-long international Grand Prix motor racing circuit on the site, which used the same grandstands as the horserace. A shorter form of the racing circuit is still used for various motorsport events.

Stanley Anderson

Stanley Anderson (October 23, 1939 – June 24, 2018) was an American actor. He was born in Billings, Montana. He appeared in "Deceived", "RoboCop 3" and "The Pelican Brief". He was known for starring as Drew Carey's father in "The Drew Carey Show". He also starred in "Seinfeld" and in "Spider-Man".

Anderson died on June 24, 2018 from brain cancer at the age of 78.

Josip Pirmajer

Josip Pirmajer (14 February 1944 – 24 June 2018) was a Slovenian footballer. He played for Yugoslavia and later became a manager. He was born in Trifail, Nazi Germany. He played for Novi Sad, Partizan and Vojvodina. 

Pirmajer died on 24 June 2018 in Srbobran, Serbia from a heart attack at the age of 74.

Štefka Drolc

Štefka Drolc (22 December 1923 – 25 June 2018), full name Štefanija Ana Drolc, was a Slovenian actresses. She was born in Ponikva, Kingdom of Yugoslavia. Her career began in 1945. She debuted in the movie "On Our Own Land". She also starred in "Blossoms in Autumn" ("Cvetje v jeseni"; 1973), "The Story of Good People" ("Povest o dobrih ljudeh"; 1975) and "The Tenth Brother" ("Deseti brat"; 1982).

Drolc died on 25 June 2018 from pneumonia at the age of 94.

Steve Soto

Steve Soto (August 23, 1963 – June 27, 2018) was an American punk guitarist. Soto was once part of California punk rock band Agent Orange, and started Adolescents in 1980 performing on bass guitar in both bands. He was born in California.

Soto died on June 27, 2018 at the age of 54.

Capital Gazette shooting

The "Capital Gazette" shooting is a mass shooting that happened at the offices of "The Capital" and the "Maryland Gazette" newspapers at 888 Bestgate Road in Annapolis, Maryland on June 28, 2018.

The Anne Arundel County Police Department reported that the shooting began around 2:34 PM. Five people are confirmed dead. A suspect was captured by police and is in custody.

Shooting occurred outside the newspaper building. 

Five people were killed and several others were injured in the attack. The five who were killed are Rob Hiaasen, an assistant editor and weekend columnist for "The Capital" and the brother of novelist Carl Hiaasen, community beat reporter Wendi Winters, columnist and editorial page editor Gerald Fischman, editor and sports reporter John McNamara, and sales assistant Rebecca Smith.

Maryland Governor Larry Hogan tweeted that he was "[a]bsolutely devastated to learn of this tragedy in Annapolis," and asking residents to "heed all warnings and stay away from the area". President Trump was briefed on the shooting while aboard Air Force One.

Roger Stone

Roger Jason Stone (born Roger Joseph Stone Jr.; August 27, 1952) is an American political consultant, lobbyist and strategist. He was born in Norwalk, Connecticut.

Stone is known for his use of opposition research, studying opposing candidates to find bad things about them. Usually he works for candidates of the Republican Party. Since the 1970s, Stone has worked on the campaigns of key Republican politicians such as Richard Nixon, Ronald Reagan, Jack Kemp, Bob Dole and Donald Trump.

Stone is the subject of a "Netflix" documentary movie, titled "Get Me Roger Stone", which focused on his past and role in the 2016 presidential campaign of Donald Trump.

Stone officially left the Trump campaign on August 8, 2015; however, it has been reported that, as part of the ongoing investigation into Russian interference in the 2016 United States elections, two associates of Stone have claimed that he collaborated with WikiLeaks owner Julian Assange in the spring of 2016 to discredit Hillary Clinton's campaign. Stone has denied this.

On January 25, 2019, Stone was arrested at his Fort Lauderdale, Florida, home in connection with Robert Mueller's special counsel investigation and charged in an indictment with witness tampering, obstructing an official proceeding, and five counts of making false statements. Stone pleaded not guilty and denied wrongdoing in press interviews.


Ormskirk

Ormskirk is a market town in west Lancashire, England. It is 13 miles (21 km) north of Liverpool, 11 miles (18 km) northwest of St Helens, 9 miles (14 km) southeast of Southport and 18 miles (29 km) southwest of Preston. The name is Old Norse in origin

Ormskirk is known for its gingerbread.

Domenico Losurdo

Domenico Losurdo (14 November 1941 – 28 June 2018) was an Italian Marxist philosopher and historian. He was born in Sannicandro di Bari, Italy. He was Dean of the Faculty of Education at the University of Urbino. Losurdo wrote "". He was critical of racism, slavery, and genocide.

Losurdo died on 28 June 2018 in Rome from esophageal cancer at the age of 76.

St Helens, Merseyside

St Helens is a large town in Merseyside, England. It is the centre of the metropolitan borough of St Helens. The town has population of 102,629. The entire metropolitan borough had a population of 176,843 at the 2001 census.

The town and the area round it grew in the Industrial Revolution of the 18th and 19th centuries.
It was a centre for coal mining and glassmaking. It was also home to a cotton and linen industry (notably sail making) lime and alkali pits, and brewing.

Glass producer Pilkington is the town's only remaining large industrial employer.

St.Helens has the second highest rate of suiside within the United Kingdom.

Brett Kavanaugh

Brett Michael Kavanaugh ( ; born February 12, 1965) is an American judge. He is an Associate Justice of the Supreme Court of the United States since October 6, 2018. He was the United States Circuit Judge of the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit. He was Staff Secretary in the Executive Office of the President of the United States under President George W. Bush.

Kavanaugh played an important part in writing the Starr report, which wanted the President Bill Clinton to be impeached.

Kavanaugh was chosen by President Donald Trump on July 9, 2018, to become an Associate Justice of the Supreme Court of the United States, after Associate Justice Anthony Kennedy retired, leaving an empty space.

During the confirmation, two women (including Christine Blasey Ford), accused Kavanaugh of sexual misconduct during his time at university. Kavanaugh said that this did not happen.

Kavanaugh was born in Washington, D.C.. He was born to Martha Gamble (Murphy) and Everett Edward Kavanaugh Jr. He was raised in Bethesda, Maryland. He attended the same high school as Associate Justice Neil Gorsuch (just two years apart).

Kavanaugh, very active in college sports, attended Yale University. He graduated from Yale in 1987 with a Bachelor of Arts "cum laude". He graduated from Yale Law School with a Juris Doctor in 1990.

Kavanaugh first worked as a law clerk for Judge Walter King Stapleton of the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit. Kavanaugh was admitted to the Maryland Bar in 1990 and the District of Columbia Bar in 1992.

Kavanaugh then earned a one-year partnership with the Solicitor General of the United States, Ken Starr. Kavanaugh next clerked for Supreme Court Justice Anthony Kennedy 1993–1994.

From 1997 to 1998, Kavanaugh was a partner at the law firm of Kirkland & Ellis. In 1998 he rejoined Starr as an Associate Counselor.

Kavanaugh was a principal author of the "Starr Report" to Congress, released in September 1998, on the Monica Lewinsky–Bill Clinton sex scandal; the report supported Clinton's impeachment.

In December 2000, Kavanaugh joined the legal team of George W. Bush, which was trying to stop the ballot recount in Florida following the 2000 election. After Bush became president in January 2001, Kavanaugh was hired as an associate by the White House Counsel, Alberto Gonzales.

In July 2003, he became Assistant to the President and White House Staff Secretary.

President George W. Bush nominated Kavanaugh to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit on July 25, 2003. His nomination stalled in the Senate for nearly three years. Democratic senators accused him of being too partisan. In 2003, the American Bar Association had rated Kavanaugh as "well qualified".

The Senate Judiciary Committee recommended he be confirmed on a 10–8 party-line vote on May 11, 2006, he was confirmed by the Senate on May 26 by a vote of 57–36. He was sworn in June 1.

Kavanaugh was one of four U.S. Court of Appeals judges to receive a personal 45-minute interview by President Donald Trump as a possible replacement for Justice Anthony Kennedy. On July 9, 2018, Trump nominated Kavanaugh for a seat on the Supreme Court.

Political commentators said that Kavanaugh's nomination would push the Supreme Court to the right for many years. He is a known critic of abortion and Roe v. Wade decision. He is a supporter of the "Brown v. Board of Education" decision calling it the "single greatest Supreme Court decision in history".

On September 28, 2018, the Senate Judiciary Committee voted to confirm Kavanaugh to a full Senate vote in early October 2018. He was confirmed on October 6, 2018 with a 50 to 48 vote.

On September 27, 2018, Professor Christine Blasey Ford, accused him of sexual assault when they were both in high school. Republican members of the committee did not question Ford directly rather a Republican-hired investigator.

Ford said that they were both “visibly drunk” and that Kavanaugh had locked her into a bedroom, where he groped her and tried to take off her clothes. She said she “believed he was going to rape me” and feared for her life when he held his hand over her mouth. In his opening statement, Kavanaugh claimed the accusations were politically motivated by Democrats and Bill Clinton.

After Ford opened up about her accusations, two more women accused Kavanaugh of sexual assault/harassment. Deborah Ramirez accused Kavanaugh of exposing himself when they were at Yale. Later, former government employee Julie Swetnick, accused Kavanaugh of drugging her and raping her in a gang rape.

After the Senate committee vote, Senators Flake, Manchin and Murkowski called for an FBI investigation into the sexual assault allegations against Kavanaugh. President Trump ordered a limited investigation.

Kavanaugh met his wife, Ashley Estes Kavanaugh, while working at the White House in 2001. They have two daughters. Kavanaugh is a Catholic. He lives in Washington, D.C.

Kavanaugh ran the Boston Marathon in 2010 and 2015.


Impeachment of Bill Clinton

The impeachment of Bill Clinton began in December 1998 by the House of Representatives and led to a trial in the Senate for the impeachment of Bill Clinton, the 42nd President of the United States, on two charges, one of perjury and one of obstruction of justice. 

These charges were caused from a sexual harassment lawsuit filed against Clinton by Paula Jones. Clinton was found not guilty of these charges by the Senate on February 12, 1999.

Four charges were considered by the full House of Representatives; two passed, making Clinton the second president to be impeached, after Andrew Johnson in 1868.

Source:

The Senate vote:

St Helens

St Helens may refer to:


Kathy Kraninger

Kathleen L. Kraninger (born December 28, 1974) is an American government official. She was the 2nd Director of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau from December 2018 to January 2021. Before she worked in the White House Office of Management and Budget. She was nominated by President Donald Trump to become the Director of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau. Kraninger was confirmed, however, 50-49. 

Stephen Miller

Stephen Miller (born August 23, 1985) is an American political activist. He serves as a senior advisor for policy for President Donald Trump. Before, he served as the communications director for then-Senator Jeff Sessions. He was also a press secretary to Republican Representatives Michele Bachmann and John Shadegg.

As a speechwriter for Trump, Miller helped write Trump's inaugural address.

On October 6, 2020, Miller tested positive for COVID-19.

Goran Bunjevčević

Goran Bunjevčević (;, 17 February 1973 – 28 June 2018) was a Serbian footballer. He played as a defender in Serbia, England and the Netherlands. He played for FR Yugoslavia from 1998 to 2003. He also played for Grafičar, BASK, Rad Belgrade, Red Star Belgrade, Tottenham Hotspur and for ADO Den Haag.

Bunjevčević died on 28 June 2018 from a stroke at the age of 45.


Liverpool Overhead Railway

The Liverpool Overhead Railway (known locally as the Dockers' Umbrella) was an elevated railway in Liverpool which operated along the Liverpool Docks. It opened in 1893 with lightweight electric multiple units. The design of an overhead line probably originated from the New York High Line which was authorised in 1847. Just five years later, in 1852, the need arose in Liverpool for a similar solution. The railway had a number of world firsts:

It was also the second oldest electric metro in the world. The only earlier one was the 1890 City and South London Railway. In the early 1900s electric trains ran on the electrified Lancashire and Yorkshire Railway to Southport and Aintree. Special trains to Aintree for the horse race meetings ran twice a year after regular services were withdrawn. Being a local railway it was not nationalised in 1948.

In 1955, a report into the structure of the many viaducts showed major repairs were needed that the company could not afford. The railway closed at the end of 1956. Despite public protests the structures were dismantled in the following year.

Chagrin Falls, Ohio

Chagrin Falls is a village in Cuyahoga County, Ohio, United States. It is a suburb of Cleveland. The village was created and has grown around a natural waterfall on the Chagrin River.

As of the 2020 census, the village population was 4,188. The village was made in 1844 from parts of three townships in two counties.


Johann Baptist Allgaier

Johann Baptist Allgaier (19 June 1763, Schussenried – 3 January 1823, Vienna) was a German-Austrian chess master and theoretician. He was also the author of the first chess handbook in German – "Neue theoretisch-praktische Anweisung zum Schachspiel" (Vienna 1795–96).

Johann Baptist Allgaier was born in 1763 in the Duchy of Württemberg. His father, Georg Allgaier, worked at a monastery as a "Hofmeister", the person in charge of the education of the children of the rich and noble families. Johann's father wanted him to study theology. On a trip to Poland he learned to play chess. In 1798, he moved to Vienna and joined the army. He was able to improve his chess skills. In 1780, he won a game with a prize of 1500 florins and became Vienna's best player. He taught many people to play chess, including the sons and brothers of the Emperor Francis II.

Allgaier fought in the Napoleonic wars between Austria and France. In 1809, he worked in an army hospital, where he became ill with asthma. When the hospital was moved to Prague he became its accountant. He returned to Vienna in 1816 where the Emperor gave him a small pension. To make extra money, he played chess in the cafés. His games were said to be brilliant and focused on attacking. When he played, people would come to watch. One man, Santo Vito, wrote down some of these games which were included in Allgaier's book. He would play anyone for the price of one gulden. The price also included a short lesson after the game. Allgaier was always looking for ways to make money. This is probably why he worked with Mälzel to operate the Turk. Allgaier played hidden inside the chess machine in 1809. He is believed to be the player controlling the Turk when it won a game against Napoleon at Schönbrunn Palace.

In December 1822, he was sent to the military hospital in Vienna and died a few days later of dropsy. 

In 1795 and 1796  he published his book "Neue Theoretische-praktische Anweisung zum Schachspiel." This was said to be the best chess book of the time. It was reprinted several times, the seventh and final edition was in 1843.

Rob Hiaasen

Rob Hiaasen (c. 1959 – June 28, 2018) was an American journalist and editor. He worked at "The Capital". Hiaasen was born in Fort Lauderdale, Florida. He also taught at the University of Maryland's Philip Merrill College of Journalism. 

Hiaasen began his career at "The Palm Beach Post" before joining "The Baltimore Sun" as a feature writer and later wrote a regular column for the paper. He worked at "The Capital" as a columnist and assistant editor until his death in the Capital Gazette shooting.

On June 28, 2018, Hiaasen, age 59, was shot and killed during the Capital Gazette shooting in Annapolis, Maryland.

Benjamin Jealous

Benjamin Todd Jealous (born January 18, 1973) is an American civic leader. He was the Democratic nominee for Governor of Maryland in the 2018 gubernatorial election, facing incumbent Larry Hogan. Jealous is also former president and chief executive officer of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People (NAACP).

Jealous was selected at age 35 as the youngest-ever national leader of the NAACP.

Jealous is a progressive Democrat. He endorsed Bernie Sanders in his 2016 campaign for President.

In the June 2018 primary, Jealous defeated Prince George's County Executive, Rushern Baker, and seven other candidates to become the Democratic nominee in the general election.


Jacky Rosen

Jacklyn Sheryl Rosen (born August 2, 1957) is an American politician. She is a member of the Democratic Party. Rosen is the junior United States Senator from Nevada.

Rosen was the U.S. Representative from Nevada's 3rd congressional district from 2017 to 2019.

Rosen ran as the Democratic nomination for the U.S. Senate in the 2018 election. She defeated Republican incumbent Dean Heller in the general election in November 2018.


Jared Polis

Jared Schutz Polis (; born May 12, 1975) is an American politician, businessman, and philanthropist. He is the 43rd and current Governor of Colorado.

Polis served as the U.S. Representative for from 2009 to 2019. He is a Democrat. He was among the richest members of Congress. His personal net worth is estimated at nearly $400 million.

In June 2017 Polis announced his candidacy for Governor of Colorado in the 2018 election. He won the general election in November 2018 defeating Walker Stapleton.

Polis was one of the few people to be openly gay when first elected to the U.S. House of Representatives and the first gay parent in Congress. In 2018, he became the first openly gay man and second openly LGBT person (after Kate Brown of Oregon) elected governor of a U.S. state. He is also the first Jewish governor of Colorado. In 2020, he became the first U.S. governor to be engaged to a same-sex partner.

Kalevi Sorsa

Taisto Kalevi Sorsa (21 December 1930 – 16 January 2004) was a Finnish politician. He was Prime Minister of Finland three times: 1972–1975, 1977–1979 and 1982–1987. At the time of his death he still held the record for most days of incumbency as prime minister. He was also a long-time leader of the Social Democratic Party of Finland.

Kalevi Sorsa went to school in Jyväskylä and Lappeenranta. 

At the age of 18 Sorsa's involvement with SDP politics started in Lappeenranta. In 1969, he was brought in from relative obscurity by Rafael Paasio, former Finnish prime minister, to assume the influential post of party secretary, despite not having much previous experience of national politics. 

A 2008 book by historian Jukka Seppinen suggested that Sorsa was at this date already receiving support from Soviet backers in the KGB. Prior to his political career, Sorsa worked in Paris for UNESCO from 1959 to 1965, and was Secretary-General of the Finnish UNESCO board from 1965 to 1969. In the late 1960s he also was an official in the Ministry of Education.

Sorsa was a leading political figure during the presidencies of Kekkonen and Koivisto. He was the chairman of the Social Democratic Party from 1975 to 1987 and was Prime Minister of Finland in four cabinets for a total of ten years (1972–1975, 1977–1979, 1982–1983, 1983–1987). He remains Finland's longest-serving prime minister. 

After his premiership he was the Speaker of the Finnish Parliament from 1989 to 1991. During his career he also served twice as Deputy Prime Minister, from 1975 to 1976 and from 1987 to 1989. From 1987 to 1996, Sorsa served on the governing board of the Bank of Finland.

Sorsa is regarded as one of Finland's most influential prime ministers, making major contributions to schools and health care, and increasing social security for families with children and pensioners. His governments strengthened the welfare state in Finland, by enacting many reforms—child care laws, longer maternity leave, the annual vacation benefit act, as well as the public health act.

In domestic politics, Sorsa had a particularly difficult relationship with Paavo Väyrynen, the strong-willed head of the Center Party. Another notable conflict was his rivalry with young rising politician Paavo Lipponen.

In June 1984, Sorsa gave a speech on "infocracy" (i.e. the power of the mass media) at the Social Democratic party convention. Infocracy challenges parliamentary democracy, is unintelligent and avoids discussing social problems, he said: it takes more interest in individual politicians than political issues and is never critical of its own actions.


Hyacinthe Henri Boncourt

Hyacinthe Henri Boncourt (1765? – March 23, 1840) was one of the leading chess players in France in the years between 1820 and 1840.

Not much is known about his life. The date of his birth, 1765, is based on a comment by an English chess player, George Walker, that in 1839 Boncourt was about 70 years old.

Boncourt learned how to play chess from students of the great François-André Danican Philidor, including Carlier, Bernard and Leger who often played at the Café de la Régence. 

He was a civil servant, and chess was mostly a hobby for him. He got his best results after he was 60 years old when after retiring from work, he could spend all his time playing chess.

In 1818, for a brief period, he was one of the players hidden inside the chess machine, the Turk. At one time he was sick, and he did not play very well. While he was hiding inside the Turk, he could not stop coughing and he could be heard by people watching. After this, the owner of the Turk, Mälzel, added some noisy gears. This was simply to cover any noise coming from the person inside.


Aaron Alexandre

Aaron (Albert) Alexandre (, around 1765/68 in Hohenfeld, Franconia – 16 November 1850 in London, England) was a Jewish German–French–English chess player and writer.

Aaron Alexandre trained as a rabbi. He arrived in France in 1793. He taught German and was a mechanical inventor. He later became a full-time chess player. He wrote a book of all the known chess openings, the "Encyclopédie des échecs" ("Encyclopedia of Chess", Paris, 1837). In the book, he used the algebraic notation and the castling symbols 0–0 and 0–0–0.

His next book was about the endgame and a collection of about 2000 chess problems, which he published in 1846 as "Collection des plus beaux Problèmes d'Echecs", Paris. English and German translations: "Beauties of Chess", London, and "Praktische Sammlung bester Schachspiel-Probleme", Leipzig.

Both books became standard reference books, demonstrating Alexandre’s great technical knowledge. Alexandre was also one of the chess players who worked inside the chess playing machine, the Turk.

Stacey Abrams

Stacey Yvonne Abrams (born December 9, 1973) is an American politician, lawyer, romance novelist, and businesswoman. She was the house minority leader for the Georgia General Assembly and state representative for the 89th House District. She is a member of the Democratic Party.
Abrams was the Democratic nominee in the 2018 Georgia gubernatorial election, the first black female major party gubernatorial nominee in the United States. She lost the general election to Republican Secretary of State Brian Kemp. Abrams erroneously claimed she won the governorship and today still claims the election was stolen from her. 

In June 2018 Stacey Abrams joined the 9th annual Augusta Pride festival and talked about her campaign.

Abrams received a single vote from Rep. Kathleen Rice for the 2019 election for Speaker of the United States House of Representatives.

In early February 2019, Abrams became the first African-American woman to deliver a State of the Union response to President Trump's earlier delivery.

On December 1, 2021, she announced she would be once again running for governor in the 2022 gubernatorial election. She was defeated by Brian Kemp in the general election.

Maryland Gazette

The Gazette, founded in 1727 as The Maryland Gazette, is one of the oldest newspapers in America. Its based on "The Capital,". It was bought by The Baltimore Sun Media Group in 2014. Before, it was owned by the Capital Gazette Communications group, which published "The Capital", "Bowie Blade-News", "Crofton-West County Gazette", and "Capital Style" Magazine.

The Capital

The Capital is a daily newspaper published in Annapolis since 1884. Its sister newspaper, "The Gazette", is one of the oldest newspapers in America.

"The Capital" serves the city of Annapolis, much of Anne Arundel County, and neighboring Kent Island in Queen Anne's County. "The Capital" was bought by The Baltimore Sun Media Group in 2014.

William Lewis (chess player)

William Lewis (1787–1870) was an English chess player and author. He is best known for the Lewis Countergambit and for being the first player ever to be described as a Grandmaster of the game.

Born in Birmingham, William Lewis moved to London where he worked for a merchant. He became a student of chess player Jacob Sarratt. In later years he showed himself to be very unkind to his old teacher. He said Sarratt's "Treatise on the Game of Chess" (1808) was a "poorly written book". But in 1822 three years after Sarrat died, Lewis published a second edition of it. This was in competition with a much better revision by Sarrat published in 1821 by Sarratt's poverty-stricken widow. In 1843, many players gave money to help the old widow, but Lewis' name is not on the list.

Around 1819 Lewis was the hidden player inside the Turk, a fake chess playing machine. He told Johann Maelzel that Peter Unger Williams, also a student of Sarratt, should be the next person to operate inside the machine. Maezel took his advice and Williams replaced Lewis.

Lewis began writing books including translations of the works of Greco and Carrera, published in 1819 and 1822.

He was the leading English player in a game played by letters sent between London and Edinburgh in 1824, won by the Scots. He wrote a book on the match with analysis of the games. In 1834–36 he was on the Committee of the Westminster Chess Club. They lost games played by letter with the Paris Chess Club. The other players were his students McDonnell and Walker, while the French team included Boncourt, Alexandre, St. Amant and Chamouillet. When De La Bourdonnais visited England in 1825, Lewis played about 70 games with the French master.

Lewis was known as a famous chess player in his time. The weekly magazine "Bell's Life" in 1838 called him "our past grandmaster", the first known use of the term in chess. In 1825 he began a chess club where he taught people to play the game. He wrote two books on how to play chess, the Series of Progressive Lessons (1831) and Second Series of Progressive Lessons (1832). 

Lewis's books, and those of his teacher Sarratt, were based on reworking François-André Danican Philidor's ideas to those of the Modenese school of Del Rio, Lolli and Ponziani. Lewis gradually stopped playing competition chess. 

After his retirement he wrote other chess books, but he was no longer up to date with new ideas. The Oxford Chess Companion said his last book, "A Treatise on Chess" (1844), was already "out of date when published".


Mod (video games)

A video game mod is a change made to a video game. The word "mod" is short for "modification." A mod can be a change to any part of a game, including how it sounds, how it plays, the way it looks, or anything else. They are usually created by fans of a game instead of the people who made the original game. Mods are usually put on the internet for free when they are released.

Mods can be as small or as large as the creators want it to be. They can be minor bug fixes, or they can change so many things that they become a completely different game. Large mods like that are sometimes called "total conversions". Some popular examples of total conversion mods that became separate video games are Counter-Strike, Team Fortress, and Killing Floor. 

Mods can help a game become more famous and successful. Many people think that good mods can make a game more fun and interesting than the original. Some video game companies saw this and decided to give mod creators tools to help them make even more mods. Examples of companies that have done this are id Software, Valve Corporation, Mojang AB, and Bethesda Softworks.

Sometimes, a mod of a game might become just as popular as the original game, or more popular. When this happens, the word "vanilla" is often used to talk about the original game without mods.

Land's End

Land's End is a headland in western Cornwall, England. It is the westernmost point of mainland Cornwall and England. Land's End is at the end of the Penwith peninsula. It is about west-south-west of Penzance at the western end of the A30 main road. A modern holiday complex has been built nearby.

Land's End is from John o' Groats in Scotland by road.

Kenneth Matengu

Kenneth Kamwi Matengu (born 1978, Katima Mulilo) is a Namibian professor. He was Pro-Vice Chancellor for Research, Innovation and Resources Mobilization at the University of Namibia from 2016 to 2018. On 29 June 2018, Matengu was appointed as the third Vice Chancellor of the University of Namibia becoming the youngest person to assume the position.

Matengu did his high school at Caprivi Senior Secondary. He holds a
Certificate in International Relations from the University of Tampere, Bachelor's degree in Geography and Sociology from the University of Namibia, Doctor of Philosophy, Ph.D (exemia cum laudar) in Innovation Diffusion and Development from the University of Eastern Finland. He has published 50 peer review articles, books and book chapters, as well as international conference papers.

Guizhou

Guizhou is a province of the People's Republic of China in the southwestern part of the country. Its capital city is Guiyang.

Guizhou is a relatively poor and economically undeveloped province, but rich in natural, cultural and environmental resources. Demographically it is one of China's most diverse provinces. Minority groups such as the Miao / Hmong and Yao make up more than 37% of the population. In 1957-58, an influenza virus spread to most of the world and killed between 1-4 million people.

Ruwen Filus

Ruwen Filus (February 14, 1988 in Bückeburg) is a German table tennis player.

Ruwen played first international in 2002. He's a modern defender, so he uses long pips and an attacking rubber on the forehand. At the European Championships for youth he reached the first place together with the team. In 2003 he won even gold in the singles and with the team, so he climbs from place 90 in the world rankings for adults to place 70. Since 2005 he played different tournaments, for example the World Junior Circuit, where Filus reached the Quarterfinal. At the World Championships he came under the best eight players in the doubles. His first tournament at the Pro Tour end with the reaching of the last 64. 2006 Filus won bronze at the European Championships for youth, with the team he won gold. Since 2007 he played in the adult area, too, where he reached the Round of tha last 16 at the Korea Open. 2008 he played some Pro Tour tournaments, since 2009 he played different events, for example the European Championships, where Ruwen came under the top eight, he lost to Timo Boll. 2010 he played only two events, so he fell back to place 60 in the world rankings. 2011 Ruwen played at the World Cup, there he won bronze together with the team. At the WTTC he came under the last 64 in the singles. At the European Championships he won gold with the team. 2012 he came under the last 16 at the ETTC, on the Pro Tour he won the Czech Open. 2013 he won bronze at the Czech Open and came to the Quarterfinal at the ETTC. 2014 he had very strong injuries, but in 2015 he reached the Quarterfinal at the ETTC again, with the team he won silver. 2016 the German team lost in the group qualification. 2017 he won gold with the German team at the ETTC, 2018 was it silver at the WTTC.



Ruwen has a daughter who's severely disabled.

Data Center Cooling

Data cooling is one of the most fundamental IT environment processes especially when it concerns a data center. As the new computer hardware becomes more compact while using the same amount or at times more electricity than the one that has been replaced, more heat is being produced inside the data centers. For collecting and transferring the remaining heat energy to the external atmosphere, accurate air conditioning and heat removal equipment is needed. The main goal is to transfer and transport unutilized heat energy from the IT environment to the external atmosphere.

Monitoring our service in real-life situations can be proved most of the times also equally important. With specific environmental sensors we can regulate,monitor and control data center’s temperature, airflow and hotspots and in general be aware of the quality of the “internal” environment and temperature in the data center.

A computer room air conditioning (CRAC) unit is an apparatus that controls and maintains environmental features in the data center like temperature and humidity. While CRAC units makes use of mechanical refrigeration, a computer room air handler (CRAH) uses fans, cooling coils and a water-chiller system to remove heat.

The aim of cooling is to transfer heat from the data center (indoor environment) to the outside environment. There are two basic approaches for removing the remaining heat, either using air or liquid (typically water).

Air cooling has some important advantages as it’s practically easy to move and it doesn’t provoke any damage to the IT apparatus. Since heat flows from the warmer objects to the cooler ones and warm air is increasing with respect to cold air this means that can make us distinguish them in some level. In fact many manufacturers of air-based cooling designs consider this particular property while constructing IT equipment.

Room based cooling, as an air cooling system, uses the most classical type of refrigerating technique: the basic idea is that coolers push cold air in the environment, extracting warm air to the outside. Conditioners not only refresh, but also mix the air to avoid hot spots. This idea results to be efficient if the power load used for mixing the air is a small fraction of the total load of the datacenter. Simulations show that this approach is valid for relatively low power load densities (320-750 formula_1). Sometimes, when warm and hot air are being mixed the previous distinction is not plausible and this is where issues arise.

Hot/cold aisle is a format for racks of servers and generally IT apparatus inside a data center where the rack fronts face the rack fronts of the adjacent row. When cold aisle containment approach is used, row doors, aisle ceilings or overhead vertical walls are installed to contain the cold air coming from the cooling systems into the cold aisles. As the opposite, in hot aisle containment the hot air is contained so that the CRAC units just receive hot air.

The aim of this configuration is to decrease the amount of produced energy and reduce the costs regarding the cooling process by controlling the air flow.

If racks have empty space that it is not used then extra heat is being released into data center’s airflow in order to “fill in” this unused space.The use of blanking panels can prevent the hot air from being transmitted in the data center’s airflow.

The top of the rack is considered to be the location which produces the greatest amount of heat. So, the specific placement of the racks can reduce the heat circulation from racks hot spots. The way that we can regulate this issue is by ordering rack components in a way that the more loaded equipment is placed on the lower racks and in such way we can ensure an optimal cooling. Since heavier equipment flow the most air, a lower rack placement will ensure that less heat is spreaded at the top of the rack.

The free cooling method is composed of two main systems: the air-side economization and the water-side economization. The first one basically uses the air that comes from the outer environment in order to control and adjust the desired temperature in the IT apparatus. This technique is quite productive with respect to its cost (since we just take advantage of air from the external environment) but on the other hand has some disadvantages since it is likely to provoke humidity and moisture in the data center.

In a similar way, water-side economization works with air from the outdoors and is commonly used with evaporation processes.

Liquid cooling can improve the efficiency of a data center as it provides an optimal and more targeted cooling. For example chilled water can be transferred directly to a rack of servers which is quite helpful as we want to provide cooling to specific places. Instead of trying to “balance” a desirable temperature throughout an entire room, it initializes the cooling process in the exact point that is needed; at a particular rack or cabinet. On the other hand, the use of liquid-based systems inside a data center could have some cons. Possible leaks are definitely a huge threat for the entire IT apparatus, transport of liquid may cause condensation and since the chilled liquid must be contained somewhere it requires more technological equipment and a suitable framework inside the data center; so in this case we need more resources. For the above reasons, although liquid-based systems are proved to be more reliable and effective, they appear to be quite expensive with respect to air cooling techniques and slightly more difficult to implement.

Using the setup of a liquid-based system, here the IT apparatus can be cooled by using water, or alternative cooling liquids to be pumped at server or rack level: cold plates are located as close as possible to the heat generating components. This technology makes use of the higher heat transfer capacity of the liquids, leading to greater savings in terms of energy requirement, in fact, single phase cooling systems can reduce, and sometimes eliminate needing for CRAC units.

One of the most important disadvantages is that they require high pumping power. Other side effects are microbe formation, electrical conductivity of the liquids and erosive nature due to high fluid velocities.

As the surface to be cooled increases, it is more difficult to achieve isothermality.

The main advantage, following an on-chip cooling approach is that, since direct discharge liquid stream is used, the energy capture is easier, permitting the waste heat recovery.

One of the pioneers of this technology has been , with the Aquasar supercomputer, in 2009.

Two-phase cooling means using devices that can transform at least part of the cooling fluids into vapour when in contact with warm IT components. The phase transition permits a much more efficient heat exchange, in terms of cooling medium mass: in other words: to exchange a fixed amount of heat, two-phase cooling uses less refrigerating liquid in comparison with the quantity which is necessary in single-phase cooling.

It was shown how, using multiphase systems, 4 times less mass-flow rates, 10 times less pumping power and 2 times less facility size.

The core of the evaporator is composed by a mini or heat-sink by which the plate surface is maximized; minichannels have a pitch of 2 to 8 mm, while microchannels have a pitch of less than 1 mm. Microchannels are more capable in transferring the heat thanks to their higher surface, but they are more easily clogged, corroded and eroded.

There are many options available to services or IT experts when it comes to specifying cooling solutions. These options may differ according to the size or the particular type of the solution needed.

Referring to the airflow process, large floor-mounted systems flow air in a downward direction (leading towards a lower flow level) or an upward direction (leading towards a higher flow level) and some can even flow horizontally (leading towards a horizontal flow level).

These devices are best used in combination with IT monitoring and building management systems for quicker notification. They also provide early warning or automatic shut off during undesirable events. 

As a device that increases humidity, humidifiers can play an important role in the cooling process by preventing any unexpected overheating which may occur due to static electrical discharge.They are usually placed inside precision cooling devices in order to replace water vapor lost during the cooling process. Reassuring that the room has no current high or low humidity-related issues, the use of humidifiers can be in all computer room air conditioners and air handlers.

When performing the particular technique, rooms should not have vapor barriers and also room temperatures should suggest humid climates. These systems in order to let the whole system provide increased dehumidification of the "internal" air, they add heat to conditioned cold air coming out of a precision cooling device.

The advantage of using this approach is that it provides a surprisingly operating cost reduction when used.In this approach, (ethylene glycol) is used to cool the IT environment in a way which is similar to a chilled water system.

Data centers technology is quite complex and advanced and this has as a result to require huge amounts of energy. Therefore, data centers need to be as efficient as possible and data environmental control has a significant role to this issue.

The recommended temperature for a data center is estimated between 21°C and 24°C. In addition to,some studies regarding the desired temperature in a data center shown that maybe it is not so optimal (money-wise) for firms to keep the temperature below 21°C. Furthermore, typical data center limit temperatures have been estimated to be 85°C for processors and DIMMs, while disk drives can usually work in stricter conditions, at a maximum of 45°C. 

It is also remarkable that, while the conventional heating, ventilation and air conditioning systems (HVAC) for similar size rooms deal with heat fluxes in the order of 40-90 formula_1, cooling systems in data centers work with extremely higher heat loads: modern data center infrastructures can need to refresh apparatus that produces 6-10 formula_3 as power density. In the next few years, it is estimated that the power density consumption will still raise up to 15 formula_3.

Google for instance mentions the significance of taking serious action to reinforce energy efficiency in case of either running a small data center or a huge service. According to Google, many manufactures construct the suitable equipment to be used at temperatures higher than the standard 21°C we aforementioned. This may lead to next generation servers having the ability of performing at higher temperatures, fact that can make data center using less equipment and therefore save money. So for an effective management and control data centers should be able to perform accurate temperature analysis by measuring the amount of energy spent for processes that concern cooling.Nevertheless, the best solution may be consulting the corresponding equipment manufacturer so with his expertise can point out the suitable approach. 

Many opinions of experts about this subject point out that data centers could have better performance if they could adopt a mixture of cooling methods. Another important factor that could drastically contribute to an optimal performance is the location where data centers are placed. Constructing data centers either in places with cooler climates or near to sources of cold water not only could increase energy efficiency in a high level but also could reduce costs by deploying the external environment.

Halewood

Halewood is a town in the Metropolitan Borough of Knowsley in Merseyside, England. It lies near the city of Liverpool's southeastern boundary. It is bordered by the suburbs of Netherley, Hunt's Cross and Woolton. Halewood was historically a part of Lancashire. 

At the 2001 Census, the population of the civil parish was 20,309. It was similar at the 2011 Census. The combined population of Halewood's four local government wards was 29,217.

Halewood railway station opened in 1988. An earlier station, a few hundred metres further east, closed in 1951.

Sefton, Merseyside

Sefton is a village and civil parish in the Metropolitan Borough of Sefton in Merseyside, England. It is located to the south west of Maghull and to the north east of Great Crosby. It is on the flood plain of the River Alt. The village is bisected by the B5422, Brickwall Lane. At the 2001 Census the population was recorded as 772. This increased to 855 at the 2011 Census.

Julian of Norwich

Julian of Norwich, or Juliana of Norwich (c.1342–c.1416) was an anchoress (a woman who locks herself away to be closer to God). She wrote "Revelations of Divine Love". It is the first known English book written by a woman.

Versoix

Versoix is a municipality of the canton of Geneva in Switzerland.

Versoix sits on the northwest side of Lake Geneva northeast of the city of Geneva.

It has of the villages of Richelien, Creuson, Sauverny, Petit-Saint-Loup, Ecogia, Versoix-la-Ville, Pont-Céard, Port-Choiseul, Versoix-Bourg, Versoix - lac and Crève-Cœur.


Patrice Talon

Patrice Guillaume Athanase Talon (born 1 May 1958) is a Beninese businessman and politician. He has been President of Benin since 6 April 2016.

In September 2021, Patrice Talon and Thomas Boni Yayi, political allies who have become intimate enemies, met at the Marina Palace in Cotonou. During this tête-à-tête, Thomas Boni Yayi presented Patrice Talon with a series of proposals and requests, relating in particular to the release of “political detainees”.'

November 1989 tornado outbreak

The November 1989 tornado outbreak was a natural disaster in the United States from November 15-16, 1989.

During the morning hours of November 14, the local forecasts issued a warning for severe thunderstorms on Wednesday.

At 9:30 a.m. on November 15, the National Severe Storms Forecast Center issued a strong potential for severe thunderstorms and tornadoes across the Tennessee Valley. At 10:50 a.m., the Birmingham office issued a major severe weather threat for Alabama and northern Florida.

A tornado watch was issued at 12:45 p.m. CST and was in effect until 8:00 p.m. CST that evening. Shortly thereafter, warnings were coming out as a squall line passed through. Spotters reported large hail and damaging winds at this time.

At the time of the tornado, a severe thunderstorm warning was in effect. Later, they spotted rotation in the wall cloud, but the rotation dissipated shortly thereafter. At 4:25 p.m., the rotation picked up again.

The tornado hit during the afternoon rush hour, killing 21 people and injuring 463 others. Most of these deaths happened in cars (similar to the 1979 Wichita Falls tornado). This was rated an F4 on the Fujita Scale.

A downburst struck East Coldenham Elementary School on November 16, 1989 at 11:35 a.m., blowing down a cafeteria wall, killing nine people and injuring eighteen. This was considered a F1 tornado. Former President Ronald Reagan was on the site within minutes.

Heysham

Heysham is a large coastal village near Lancaster, Lancashire, England. It overlooks Morecambe Bay. It is a ferry port, with services to the Isle of Man and Ireland. Heysham nuclear power station is at Heysham.

Big Bill Bissonnette

Big Bill Bissonnette (February 5, 1937 – June 26, 2018) was an American jazz trombonist, drummer, and music producer. He was born in New Orleans, Louisiana. In the 1960s, he led his own group, the Easy Riders Jazz Band, formed his own label, Jazz Crusade, and organized northern tours for Kid Thomas Valentine, George Lewis, and Jim Robinson.

Bissonnette came in first place as "New Young Artist" in the 1965 Jazzology Jazz Poll. Over 30 years later he placed No. 5 among all jazz trombonists in the same poll.

Bissonnette died in New Orleans on June 26, 2018 at the age of 81.

National Railway Museum

The National Railway Museum (NRM) is a museum in York forming part of the British Science Museum Group of National Museums. It tells the story of rail transport in Great Britain and its impact on society. It has won many awards, including the European Museum of the Year Award in 2001. It is the home of the national collection of historically significant railway vehicles. There is also a collection of other artefacts and both written and pictorial records.

Steven Hilliard Stern

Steven Hilliard Stern (November 1, 1937 – June 27, 2018) was a Canadian-born American television and movie director, producer and screenwriter. He was born in Timmins, Ontario. Stern was known for his works with Michael Douglas, Christopher Reeve and Christopher Plummer. His best known movies are "The Devil and Max Devlin", "Mazes and Monsters", and "Money". Stern was also known for directing the miniseries "Black Fox".

Stern died on June 27, 2018 of stomach cancer in Los Angeles, California at the age of 80.


Kwesi Amissah-Arthur

Paa Kwesi Bekoe Amissah-Arthur (29 April 1951 – 29 June 2018) was a Ghanaian economist, academic and politician. He was the fifth Vice-President of Ghana's 4th Republic, in office from 6 August 2012 until 7 January 2017, under President John Dramani Mahama. Before, he was Governor of the Bank of Ghana from 2009 to 2012. He was born in Cape Coast.

Amissah-Arthur died of a heart attack in Accra on 29 June 2018, aged 67.


Nana Akufo-Addo

Nana Addo Dankwa Akufo-Addo ( ; born William Addo Dankwa Akufo-Addo; 29 March 1944) is a Ghanaian politician. He is the President of Ghana, in office since January 2017. He served as Attorney General from 2001 to 2003 and as Minister for Foreign Affairs from 2003 to 2007.

In 2020, Akufo-Addo was re-elected beating former President John Mahama.

In December 2021, Nana-Akufo Addo undertakes to remain only in two constituents and not to represent herself in 2024.


John Kufuor

John Kofi Agyekum Kufuor (born 8 December 1938) is a Ghanaian politician. He was President of Ghana from 7 January 2001 to 7 January 2009. He was also Chairperson of the African Union from 2007 to 2008.


Video chat

Video chat is a way of communicating online using the Internet. It uses a camera and microphone in a computer or smart phone. This allows people to see and hear each other.

For streaming video a speed of at least 2 Mbps is needed, to prevent a choppy signal and disconnects. For sound transmission, much less speed is required, so people often turn off video when the internet connection is slow.

Video chat is a very popular form of communication in the 21st century. It is often used for many reasons;


There are various software packages which make this possible.


Napier Deltic

The Napier Deltic is an unusual type of diesel engine. It was used in boats and railway locomotives. The cylinders are arranged in a triangular form with two pistons in each cylinder. There are three crankshafts which are geared together at one end of the engine. These engines usually had nine cylinders (three banks of three) or eighteen cylinders (six banks of three). These engines were built by D. Napier & Son.


Walker Stapleton

Walker Stapleton (born April 15, 1974) is an American Republican politician. He is the State Treasurer of Colorado, having taken office on January 11, 2011.

Stapleton is a Bush family relative. He graduated from Williams College and received a M.A. from London School of Economics. He earned his M.B.A. from Harvard Business School.

In September 2017, Stapleton announced his candidacy for Governor of Colorado. He lost the election to Jared Polis in the general election in November 2018.


Liliane Montevecchi

Liliane Montevecchi (October 13, 1932 – June 29, 2018) was a French-Italian actress, dancer, and singer. She was born in Paris. In 1982 she drew the attention of critics and audiences for her performance in "Nine", with Raúl Juliá, for which she won both the Tony and Drama Desk Award for Best Featured Actress in a Musical.

Montevecchi died on June 29, 2018 in New York City from colorectal cancer at the age of 85.

Matt Cappotelli

Matthew Lee Cappotelli (November 12, 1979 – June 29, 2018) was an American professional wrestler. He was born in Caledonia, New York. He won the "Tough Enough III" with John Hennigan. He worked in Ohio Valley Wrestling (OVW), the primary developmental territory for WWE. 

In July 2017, Cappotelli was diagnosed with glioblastoma, a rare form of brain cancer. He stopped his cancer treatment in May 2018. He died on June 29, 2018 in Louisville, Kentucky, aged 38.

Caledonia, New York

Caledonia is a town in Livingston County, New York, United States. The population was 4,154 at the 2020 census. The Town of Caledonia has the village of Caledonia. The town is in the northwest part of the county and is southwest of Rochester, New York.


Jerry Rawlings

Jerry John Rawlings (22 June 1947 – 12 November 2020) was a Ghanaian politician and military official. He served as the 1st President of the Fourth Republic Ghana serving from 1993 to 2001.

Rawlings died at a hospital in Accra on 12 November 2020 from COVID-19, aged 73.


President of Ghana

The President of the Republic of Ghana is the elected head of state and head of government of Ghana, as well as Commander-in-Chief of the Ghana Armed Forces. The current President of Ghana is Nana Akufo-Addo.

According to Chapter 8, Article 62 of the 1992 Constitution of Ghana, a person shall not be qualified for election as the President of Ghana unless:



Daytime television

Daytime television is a daypart that runs from 9:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m. Eastern Time. It is after a breakfast/morning show program and before the early fringe of primetime.

This programming block features game shows like "Let's Make a Deal" and "The Price is Right", soap operas like "The Young and the Restless", "The Bold and the Beautiful", "General Hospital", and "Days of Our Lives", and talk shows like "The Talk", "The Doctors" and "Dr. Phil". Some local affiliates air their local newscasts at noon Eastern Time and 11:00 a.m. Central Time.

Ultimate Custom Night

Ultimate Custom Night is a point-and-click survival horror video game created by Scott Cawthon. It is the second official spin-off of the "Five Nights at Freddy's" game series, the first one being "FNaF World, and the eight game overall". The game was released on June 27, 2018 for free on Steam and Game Jolt.

The game allows the player to choose from 50 characters from all of the six main "Five Nights at Freddy's" games preceding it, as well as from the spin-off, "FNaF World", and set their difficulty levels for the night from a minimum of '0' to a maximum of '20'. The player can also choose their office settings, which are all based from the first five games. 

It received good reviews from Rock, Paper, Shotgun.

Sara Amelia Bernard

Sara Amelia Bernard (born 18 August 1992) is a Malaysian model and actress. She is the season 2 winner of TV3’s reality game show "Clever Girl Malaysia".

Sara was born in Ipoh, Perak. Her mother is of British-Malay descent and her father is Iban-German. She is the eldest of three siblings. She attended high school at SMK Convent Ipoh and completed her A-Level’s in Mathematics, Psychology and Economics at Taylor’s College Sri Hartamas.

Sara, representing Perak, beat 13 other contestants to win season 2 of "Clever Girl Malaysia". She won the prize of RM100,000. The reality game show aired on TV3 for 10 weeks.

In 2013, Sara was disqualified from competing in the Miss Malaysia World pageant. Her disqualification followed a religious ban prohibiting Muslim girls from participating in beauty pageants. This controversy led to her dreams of obtaining the crown shattered.

Council of Foreign Ministers

Council of Foreign Ministers was an organisation agreed upon at the Potsdam Conference in 1945 and announced in the Potsdam Agreement.

The Potsdam Agreement specified that the Council would be composed of the Foreign Ministers of the United Kingdom, the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics, China, France, and the United States. It would normally meet in London (at Lancaster House) and the first meeting was to take place no later than 1 September 1945. As the immediate important task, the Council was authorised to draw up treaties of peace with Italy, Romania, Bulgaria, Hungary and Finland, and to propose settlements of territorial questions outstanding on the termination of the war in Europe. Also the Council should prepare a peace settlement for Germany to be accepted when a "government adequate for the purpose is established".

Metal rectifier

A metal rectifier is an early type of semiconductor rectifier in which the semiconductor is copper oxide or selenium. They were used to convert alternating current to direct current. They were often used in devices such as radios and battery chargers. Westinghouse Electric was a major manufacturer of these rectifiers since the late 1920s.

In some countries the term "metal rectifier" is applied to all such devices. In other countries the term "metal rectifier" normally refers to copper-oxide types, and "selenium rectifier" to selenium-iron types.


Mercury-arc rectifier

A Mercury-arc rectifier is a type of rectifier used for converting alternating current (AC) to direct current (DC). The cathode is made from a pool of liquid mercury. Mercury-arc rectifiers were rugged and durable. They could carry higher currents than most other types of rectifier.

The mercury-arc rectifier was invented in 1902 by Peter Cooper Hewitt. They were used to provide power for industrial electric motors, electric railways, trams, and electric locomotives. Other uses included radio transmitters and high-voltage direct current (HVDC) power transmission. They were the primary method of high power rectification before the advent of solid-state electronics in the 1970s. The solid-state rectifier has since replaced the mercury-arc rectifier.

Gas turbine

A gas turbine, also called a combustion turbine, is a type of internal combustion engine. The simplest form has three main parts:

The diagram shows a single-shaft gas turbine. One turbine drives both the compressor and the load, such as an electric generator. There are also two-shaft gas turbines, with separate turbines to drive the compressor and the load. Two-shaft turbines are better for driving road and rail vehicles because they can give more torque at low speed.



Theorema egregium

Gauss's Theorema Egregium (Latin for "Remarkable Theorem") is a major result of differential geometry proved by Carl Friedrich Gauss. The theorem is about the curvature of surfaces. The theorem states that curvature can be determined by measuring angles, distances and their rates on a surface alone. There is no need to talk about the particular manner in which the surface is embedded in the surrounding three-dimensional Euclidean space. In other words, the Gaussian curvature of a surface does not change if one bends the surface without stretching it. 

Gauss presented the theorem in this manner (translated from Latin):

The theorem is "remarkable" because the starting "definition" of Gaussian curvature makes direct use of the position of the surface in space. So it is quite surprising that the result does "not" depend on its embedding in spite of all bending and twisting deformations undergone.


Borgo Maggiore

Borgo Maggiore is one of the 9 communes or "castelli" of San Marino. 6,631 live there (October 2013). It the second largest town of San Marino, after Dogana.

It is next to the San Marino municipalities Serravalle, Domagnano, Faetano, Fiorentino, San Marino, and Acquaviva and the Italian municipality Verucchio. It is at the foot of Monte Titano.

Domagnano

Domagnano is one of the 9 communes or "castelli" of San Marino. 3,319 people live there (October 2013) in an area of 6.62 km².

It is next to the San Marino municipalities Faetano, Borgo Maggiore, Serravalle and the Italian municipality Coriano.

Fiorentino

Fiorentino is one of the 9 communes or "castelli" of San Marino. 2,526 people live there (October 2013) in an area of 6.57 km².

It is next to the San Marino municipalities Chiesanuova, San Marino, Borgo Maggiore, Faetano, and Montegiardino and the Italian municipalities Monte Grimano and Sassofeltrio.

Faetano

Faetano is one of the 9 communes or "castelli" of San Marino. 1,164 people live there (October 2013) in an area of 7,75 km². 

It is next to on the San Marino municipalities Montegiardino, Fiorentino, Borgo Maggiore, and Domagnano and the Italian municipalities Coriano, Montescudo and Sassofeltrio. 

Faetano joined San Marino in 1463. It was the last part added to San Mariono.

Faetano has four parishes ("curazie"):

Chiesanuova

Chiesanuova is one of the 9 communes or "castelli" of San Marino. 1,097 people live there (October 2013) in an area of 5.46 km².

It is next to the San Marino municipalities San Marino and Fiorentino and the Italian municipalities Sassofeltrio, Verucchio and San Leo.

Montegiardino

Montegiardino is one of the 9 communes or "castelli" of San Marino. 910 people live there (October 2013) in an area of 3.31 km². It is the smallest municipality of the country by population.

It is next to the San Marino municipalities Fiorentino and Faetano and the Italian municipalities Monte Grimano and Sassofeltrio.

It is home to the University of the Republic of San Marino, the country's only university.

Two-stroke engine

The two-stroke engine is an internal combustion engine. The two strokes are:
Unlike a four-stroke engine, there are no intake and exhaust strokes. When the piston is at bottom dead center, fuel-air mixture is blown in under slight pressure. The incoming mixture forces out the exhaust gas at the same time. The animation shows an engine with crankcase compression to force in the fuel-air mixture. Some engines use a rotary blower instead. These engines use mixed fuel (often 50:1) primarily high octane gasoline, partially two-stroke oil.

Anchorite

An anchorite (female: anchoress) from "one who has retired from the world", is someone who, for religious reasons, withdraws from secular society so as to be able to lead an intensely prayer-filled, ascetic life. Anchorites are often considered to be a type of religious hermit, unlike hermits, anchorites had to make a promise to God to stay in one place, which was a very small room, either attached to, or within the wall of, a local church. 

The anchoritic life is one of the earliest forms of being a Christian monk. From the 12th to the 16th centuries, female anchorites consistently outnumbered their male equivalents, sometimes by as many as four to one (in the 13th century), dropping eventually to two to one (in the 15th century). The sex of a high number of anchorites, however, is not recorded for these periods.




North Downs Line

The North Downs Line is a railway line in England connecting Reading, Berkshire, to Redhill, Surrey. It links many centres of population in the part of the North Downs which it covers. Some trains continue beyond Redhill to Gatwick Airport.

Jennings, Louisiana

Jennings is the parish seat and largest city of Jefferson Davis Parish, Louisiana in the United States.

Eastleigh

Eastleigh is a town in Hampshire, England, between Southampton and Winchester. It was originally developed as a railway town by the London and South Western Railway.

The town lies on the River Itchen, one of England's premier chalk streams for fly fishing, and a designated site of Special Scientific Interest.

Dan Dawson

Dan Dawson (born December 11, 1981) is a Canadian professional lacrosse player for the Saskatchewan Rush of the National Lacrosse League, Brampton Excelsiors (MSL) of Major Series Lacrosse, and is a free agent in Major League Lacrosse.

Nissan Stadium (Nashville)

Nissan Stadium is the home football stadium of the Tennessee Titans. It is in the city of Nashville, Tennessee.


Deaths in July 2018

The following is a list of deaths that should be noted in July 2018. For deaths that should be noted before the month that the world is in, please see "Months". Names under each date are noted in the order of the alphabet by last name or pseudonym. Deaths of non-humans are noted here also if it is worth noting.

Each listing of a death must have a source. If no reference is included, the death notice will be removed. The following are the requirements of adding a name to the list in its order: name, age, where they came from, what the person is known for, cause of death (if known) and a source.



































James M. Keck

James Moulton Keck (September 4, 1921 – June 25, 2018) was an American Air Force lieutenant general. He was born in Scranton, Pennsylvania. Keck's last assignment was vice commander in chief, Strategic Air Command, headquartered at Offutt Air Force Base, Nebraska. He served this position from October 1, 1973 and served until June 30, 1977. He served as commander of 2nd Air Force.

Keck died on June 25, 2018 in San Antonio, Texas from complications of a broken hip at the age of 96.


Irena Szewińska

Irena Szewińska, née Kirszenstein ( ; 24 May 1946 – 29 June 2018) was a Soviet-born Polish sprinter. She was born in Leningrad. She was Jewish. She was the only athlete in history, male or female, to have held the world record in the 100m, the 200m and the 400m. She won three gold medals at the 1964 Olympics in Tokyo, 1968 Olympics in Mexico City and at the 1976 Olympics in Montreal. She also won two Olympic silver medals in 1964 and two Olympic bronze medals in 1968 and 1972.

Szewińska died at a military hospital in Warsaw on 29 June 2018 from endometrial cancer at the age of 72.


José Antonio Zaldúa

José Antonio Zaldúa Urdanavia, known as Zaldúa, (15 December 1941 – 30 June 2018), was a Spanish footballer. He played as a forward. He was born in Elizondo, Spain. Zaldúa played for Spanish clubs Real Valladolid, FC Barcelona, CA Osasuna and CE Sabadell FC. At international level, he represented the Spain national football team.

Zaldúa died on 30 June 2018 in Sant Andreu de Llavaneres, Spain at the age of 76.


Jed Allan

Jed Allan (born Jed Allan Brown; March 1, 1935 – March 9, 2019) was an American actor and game show host. He was born in New York City. Allan was known for his roles on soap operas. He was best known for his role as Don Craig in "Days of Our Lives", which he played from 1971 to 1985.

Allan died one week after his 84th birthday on March 9, 2019 in Palm Desert, California.

Fallon, Nevada

Fallon is a city in Churchill County, Nevada, United States. The population was 9,327 at the 2020 census. Fallon is the county seat of Churchill County and is located in the Lahontan Valley.

Illinois's 5th congressional district

The 5th congressional district of Illinois is a congressional district that covers parts of Cook and DuPage counties.

All or parts of Chicago, Elmhurst, Elmwood Park, Franklin Park, Hinsdale, La Grange Park, Norridge, Northlake, River Grove, Schiller Park, and Oakbrook Terrace are included.

It has been represented by Democrat Mike Quigley since a special election in April 2009.

Joe Crowley

Joseph Crowley (; born March 16, 1962) is an American politician. He was the U.S. Representative for New York's 14th congressional district from 2013 to 2019. He was Chair of the House Democratic Caucus from 2017 to 2019. He also was Chair of the Queens County Democratic Party from 2006 to 2019. 

On June 26, 2018, Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez defeated Crowley in the 2018 Democratic primary for his seat. Crowley’s unseen defeat is thought to be one of the biggest upsets in congressional history.

Until his defeat in June 2018, Crowley was seen by many as the replacement of Nancy Pelosi in the Democratic House leadership.

 


Dimbulukeni Nauyoma

Dimbulukeni Nauyoma (born 1992) is a Namibian youth activist. Along with Job Amupanda and George Kambala, he co-founded a radical youth movement known as the Affirmative Repositioning Movement in 2014. He also served as Secretary General of the Namibia National Students Organisation (NANSO) from 2015 - 2017.

Nauyoma was born in Windhoek, Namibia. He attended the University of Namibia. He holds an advanced diploma in Banking Finance & Credit from the Namibian Institute of Bankers (IOB) where he served as Student Representative Council President. He was part of the SWAPO Party Youth League leaders who were suspended and expelled from the party for occupying a plot in an upmarket Windhoek suburb.

In November 2014, three youth leaders occupied land in an affluent Klein, Windhoek suburb as a means to demand land in the city.

Nauyoma alongside fellow land activists named their occupied land as in reference to the year of occupation with the initiative receiving help from many young Namibians.

In 2016, the Namibian government announced plans to build a new Parliament. However, the Affirmative Repositioning Movement began to Mobilization young Namibians for a June 16 protest against the decision saying resources could be used in more needed areas.

Pineberry

A pineberry is a white strawberry cultivar with a pineapple-like flavor, white flesh, and red seeds. It was first bred in the Netherlands and Belgium, sold in the USA in 2012.

Chrissy Metz

Christine Michelle Metz (born September 29, 1980) is an American singer and actress. She played Kate Pearson in the NBC television series "This is Us". She won the Screen Actors Guild Award for Outstanding Performance by an Ensemble for the role.

For her acting in "This is Us", Metz was also nominated for several Golden Globe and Primetime Emmy Awards.

Metz was born in Homestead, Florida.

George Kambala

George Hidipo Hamba Kambala (born 9 May 1992) is a Namibian youth activist who along with Job Amupanda and Dimbulukeni Nauyoma, he co-Founded a radical youth movement known as the Affirmative Repositioning Movement in 2014.

Kambala was born and grew up in Windhoek's Katutura where he attended Martti Ahtisaari Primary School. He was part of the SWAPO Party Youth League leaders who were suspended and expelled from the party for occupying a plot in an upmarket Windhoek suburb.

Following reports that Windhoek Mayor Agnes Kafula allocated a plot to a "Big Brother" Africa winner, Kambala alongside Nauyoma and Amupanda occupied land in a Windhoek suburb to raise more concerns on the land question in Namibia.

Landover, Maryland

Landover is a suburban census-designated place (CDP) in Prince George's County, Maryland.

Maratha Empire

The Maratha Empire, or Maratha Confederacy, was a group of Indian states that dominated much of the Indian subcontinent in the 17th and the 18th centuries. The empire formally existed from 1674 to 1818. The Marathas are given much of the credit for ending Mughal rule in India.

The Marathas were a warrior people from the western Deccan Plateau (present-day Maharashtra). They rose to prominence by establishing "self-rule of Hindu/Indian people" in their region. The Marathas became prominent in the 17th century under the leadership of Shivaji who revolted against the Adil Shahi dynasty and the Mughal Empire and formed a kingdom, with Raigad as his capital. Known for their mobility, the Marathas were able to consolidate their territory during the Mughal–Maratha Wars and later controlled a large part of the Indian subcontinent stretching from Peshawar in the north to Thanjavur in the south with their capital at Pune in the year 1758. 

Their power was eventually ended by the series of wars fought against the British Empire. The first two Anglo-Maratha wars resulted in a victory for the Marathas however the third one resulted in the defeat of the Marathas and annexation of the Maratha Empire in Maharashtra into British India. The Marathas had another opportunity to rebel against British rule and form their own kingdom in the Indian Rebellion of 1857. They joined this rebellion in the hopes of permanently kicking the British power out of India. However, by the end of 1859, the rebellion was crushed and all the Maratha rebel leaders were either executed or went into exile and took refuge in Nepal.


List of British heritage and private railways

List of British heritage and private railways


James S. Denton

James Simon Denton (July 5, 1951 – June 22, 2018) was an American publisher and editor. He was born in Lakehurst, New Jersey. He was the publisher and editor of "World Affairs" and the director of the World Affairs Institute in Washington, D.C.. Denton was the executive director of Heldref Publications.

Denton died at his home in Washington, D.C. from prostate cancer on June 22, 2018, aged 66.


Florida Parishes

The Florida Parishes (, ), on the east side of Mississippi River–an area also known as the Northshore or Northlake region–are eight parishes in southeast Louisiana, United States, which were part of West Florida in the 18th and early 19th centuries.

Peter Firmin

Peter Arthur Firmin (11 December 1928 – 1 July 2018) was an British artist and television producer. He was the founder of Smallfilms, along with Oliver Postgate. They created a number of popular children's TV programmes, "The Saga of Noggin the Nog", "Ivor the Engine", "Clangers", "Bagpuss" and "Pogles' Wood".

On 1 July 2018, Firmin died at the age of 89.


Paola Paternoster

Paola Paternoster (née "Carotenuto"; 22 December 1935 – 27 June 2018) was an Italian athlete. She competed in the discus throw at the 1956 and 1960 Summer Olympics and in the javelin throw in 1956, and placed 11th–20th. Paternoster won 17 national championships at senior level. She was born in Rome.

Paternoster died on 27 June 2018 from colorectal cancer in Rome at the age of 82.

Nicholls State University

Nicholls State University is a university located in Thibodaux, Louisiana.

Centreville, Mississippi

Centreville is a town in Amite and Wilkinson counties, Mississippi, United States. The population was 1,258 at the 2020 census. It is part of the McComb, Mississippi Micropolitan Statistical Area.

Amite City, Louisiana

Amite City is the parish seat of Tangipahoa Parish in southeastern Louisiana, United States.

Allen, Louisiana

Allen is an unincorporated community in Natchitoches Parish, Louisiana. It is near Interstate 49.

Scorpion (Drake album)

Scorpion is an album released on June 29, 2018, by Canadian rapper Drake.

Jacques François Mouret

Jacques François Mouret (1787–1837) was a French chess player. He became the chess teacher of the future Louis Philippe I. He was one of the most successful operators of The Turk, a famous chess-playing machine.

Mouret was a great-nephew of the famous chess player François-André Danican Philidor. He learned the game at the Café de la Régence, taught by Bernard and Carlier, two of Philidor's students. He was a pupil of Alexandre Deschapelles and later he became a teacher of La Bourdonnais. He also gave chess lessons to the children of the French King Louis Philippe I. In 1819, he was the operator of The Turk during its tour in England and probably the person, who sold the secret of The Turk to the press.

Mouret was an alcoholic. In 1842 the editor of the chess magazine "Le Palamède", said  ""He was a clever fellow, sharp, gay, lively, amusing, and had studied seriously the theory of chess, by which he made his living. His talent redeemed a little the rudeness of his manner and a certain licentiousness which he indulged in. He used to be in a continual state of semi-intoxication"". George Walker wrote that ""His brain was consumed in the Brandy"".

Mouret was believed to have written a book in 1836, "The Treaty Elementary Game of Chess." But later evidence shows that he only made some corrections to the text.

He had no money when he died and so the members of the Chess Club of Paris paid for his funeral.

Mouret is best known as the person hidden inside The Turk, a fake chess-playing machine. Mouret was one of many great chess players who worked inside the machine, others being Johann Baptist Allgaier, who defeated Napoleon in 1809, Schlumberger, Boncourt and Lewis. Fifty games played by Mouret from inside the Turk in London in 1819, are collected in a book published in 1820. In the beginning of the book it was written that out of 300 games, the Turk (Mouret) only lost six. 

Mouret's weakness for drinking often left him without any money, so he probably sold the secret of the Turk in 1834 to "Le Magasin picturesque". The article, "An attempt to analyze the automaton chess-player of M. Kempelen", explained how a man could be hidden inside the Turk. Mouret was not named, but many people. including Walker, believe he was the source. The French master was sick and short of money at the time, and died three years later.

Mouret often used a move now called the French Defense. He was one of the only players to use it and is one of the main reasons for it being called the French Defense. Mouret taught the move to players at the Café de la Régence. One of his students convinced the Paris team to use the defense in games played by letters against a London team. Following the victory of the French team, the opening quickly became known as the French Defense.


Benton, Louisiana

Benton is the parish seat of Bossier Parish, Louisiana. it is the second least populous municipality in Bossier Parish (after Plain Dealing)

Dungeness Nuclear Power Station

Dungeness nuclear power station refers to two nuclear power stations located at Dungeness in Kent, England. Dungeness A is an old Magnox power station. It began to operate in 1965. It has reached the end of its life and is no longer in use. Dungeness B is an advanced gas-cooled reactor (AGR) power station. It has two 615 MW reactors and began to operate between 1983 and 1985. Dungeness B was the first commercial scale AGR power station to be built.

Magnox

Magnox is a type of nuclear reactor designed to run on natural uranium. It uses graphite as a neutron moderator and carbon dioxide gas as a heat exchange coolant. The name Magnox comes from the magnesium-aluminium alloy used to clad the fuel rods inside the reactor. The Magnox was designed for producing both electric power and plutonium-239 for use in nuclear weapons.

Advanced gas-cooled reactor

The Advanced Gas-cooled Reactor (AGR) is a type of nuclear reactor used in the United Kingdom. These are the second generation of British gas-cooled reactors. They use graphite as the neutron moderator and carbon dioxide as the coolant. They have been the backbone of the UK's nuclear generation fleet since the 1980s.

Torness Nuclear Power Station

Torness nuclear power station was the last of the United Kingdom's second generation nuclear power stations to be commissioned. It has two Advanced gas-cooled reactors. Construction began in 1980 and was completed in 1988. Torness nuclear power station is located approximately east of Edinburgh at Torness Point near Dunbar in East Lothian, Scotland. It is a local landmark and is highly visible from the main A1 road and East Coast Main Line railway.

Heysham nuclear power station

Heysham Nuclear Power Station is a nuclear power station located in Heysham, Lancashire, England. The site is divided into two separately-managed stations called Heysham 1 and Heysham 2. Each station has two advanced gas-cooled reactors (AGR).

Pressurized water reactor

Pressurized water reactors (PWRs) form the large majority of the world's nuclear power plants. In a PWR, the coolant (water) is pumped under high pressure to the reactor core where it is heated by the energy released by the fission of atoms. Pressure in the primary coolant loop prevents the water from boiling within the reactor. The heated water then flows to a steam generator where it transfers heat to a secondary system where steam is generated. The steam flows to a steam turbine which spins an electric generator. The used steam is condensed and returned to the steam generator for re-use. PWRs use ordinary water as both coolant and neutron moderator.


Mpemba effect

The Mpemba effect is that hot water can, under certain circumstances, not only freeze but do so quicker than colder water. This phenomenon has been reported as working as far back as Ancient Greece, even though it would seem contradictory to the laws of thermodynamics. In 1969 a scientist named Erasto B. Mpemba did experiments that proved that the effect is real, however, scientists are left with more questions than answers. Many solutions have been suggested as reasons for this phenomenon, but none have been agreed upon by scientists and most contradictory explanations were obtained by very different experiments with different controls. Perhaps someday after more study scientists will understand this, but currently the results are inconclusive at best.

Communications-based train control

Communications-based train control (CBTC) is a railway signaling system that makes use of telecommunications between the train and track equipment. By means of a CBTC system, the exact position of a train is known more accurately than with the traditional signaling systems. This results in a more efficient and safe way to manage trains. Metros (and other railway systems) are able to run more frequent trains while maintaining or even improving safety.Join Now

Rolling stock

Rolling stock means vehicles that move on a railway. It can include both powered and unpowered vehicles. Examples are locomotives, passenger cars, tank cars and boxcars.

Armando (artist)

Armando (18 September 1929 – 1 July 2018), born Herman Dirk van Dodeweerd, was a Dutch painter, sculptor and writer. He was born in Amsterdam. In 1958 he was one of the founding members of the Nederlandse Informele Groep (Informelen).

His first solo exhibition was at the Galerie Le Canard, Amsterdam, in 1954. At this time he also started to write poetry. He was influenced by the CoBrA art group. In 2007, he retired following an art museum fire that destroyed most of his work.

Armando died on 1 July 2018 in Berlin at the age of 88.


François Corbier

François Corbier (1944 – July 1, 2018) was a French television presenter and songwriter. He was born in Paris. He became a television presenter on "Récré A2", a programme with singer Dorothée on Antenne 2, in 1982. He was a co-presenter of "Club Dorothée" on TF1 from 1987 to 1997. His best known song that he wrote was "Le Nez de Dorothée" in 1986. 

Corbier died on July 1, 2018 in Évreux, France from cancer, aged 73.

Bozhidar Dimitrov

Bozhidar Dimitrov Stoyanov (, 3 December 1945 – 1 July 2018) was a Bulgarian historian. He worked in Medieval Bulgarian history, the Ottoman rule and the Macedonian Question. He was the director of the National Historical Museum. He was born in Sozopol, Bulgaria. 

Dimitrov Cove in Antarctica is named after him.

Dimitrov died on 1 July 2018 in Sofia from a heart attack at the age of 72.

Shirley Huffman

Shirley Todd Huffman (July 22, 1928 – July 1, 2018) was an American Republican politician. She was born in Dayton, Oregon. She later moved to Hillsboro, Oregon, where she served on the city council before serving two terms as mayor from 1985 to 1993. After leaving office, she was replaced by Gordon Faber and served on the board of directors for TriMet and as a development coordinator for the city.

Huffman died on July 1, 2018 in Ventura, California from natural causes at the age of 89.


Dayton, Oregon

Dayton is a city in Yamhill County, Oregon, United States. The population was 2,678 at the 2020 census.

Gillian Lynne

Dame Gillian Barbara Lynne, (née Pyrke; 20 February 1926 – 1 July 2018) was a British ballerina, dancer, choreographer, actress, and theatre-television director. She was known for her popular choreography with "Cats" and "The Phantom of the Opera". She was made a DBE (Dame Commander of the Order of the British Empire) in the 2014 New Year Honours List.

Lynne died at a hospital in Marylebone, London from pneumonia on 1 July 2018 at the age of 92.


Julian Tudor Hart

Alan Julian Macbeth Tudor-Hart (9 March 1927 – 1 July 2018), commonly known as Julian Tudor Hart, was a British doctor and politician. He worked as a general practitioner (GP) in Wales for 30 years. He was involved with research and wrote many books and scientific articles. He is best known for the inverse care law. This says:The availability of good medical care tends to vary inversely with the need for the population served.  This inverse care law operates more completely where medical care is most exposed to market forces, and less so where such exposure is reduced.He was born in London.

He was a member of the Sigerist Society from 1947 to 1955. Hart joined the Communist Party of Great Britain and ran as the CPGB candidate for Aberavon at the 1964, 1966 and 1970 general elections. He was the Honorary President of the Socialist Health Association.


President of Mexico

The President of Mexico
(), officially known as the President of the United Mexican States (), is the head of state and government of Mexico.

Under the Constitution, the president is also the Supreme Commander of the Mexican armed forces. The current President is Andrés Manuel López Obrador, who took office on December 1, 2018.

After the end of the Mexican War of Independence, a Provisional Board of Governing consisting of thirty-four persons was set up. The Board decreed and signed the Declaration of Independence of the Mexican Empire and appointed a regency composed of six people.

The Provisional Government of 1823–24 was an organization that served as the Executive in the government of Mexico after the end of the Mexican Empire of Agustín I, in 1823. The organization was responsible for convening the body that created the Federal Republic and existed from April 1, 1823 to October 10, 1824.

On June 22, 1863, a "Superior Governing Board" was established. On July 11, the Board became the Regency of the Empire.

<br>

<br>


After the constitutional reform of 1926, the presidential term in Mexico was extended to six years starting in 1928; with a formal ban on reelection. After the federal election of 1934 all the presidents have completed their six-year terms.

<br><br>

To be eligible to serve as president, Article 82 of the Constitution specifies that the following requirements must be met:

The 1917 Constitution was influenced from the Constitution of the United States. It made it clear separation of powers while giving the president wider powers than his American counterpart. However, this has only recently become the case in practice.

The President's official residence and main workplace is Los Pinos, located inside the Bosque de Chapultepec (Chapultepec Park). The President has the right to use this residence for the six-year term of office.

There are five living former presidents. The most recent former president to die was Luis Echeverría (1970–1976), on 8 July 2022.


Ernesto Zedillo

Ernesto Zedillo Ponce de León, GColIH (; born December 27, 1951) is a Mexican economist and politician. He was the 54th President of Mexico from December 1, 1994 to November 30, 2000. 

He was the last Mexican president from the Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI), a 71 year streak. He became the PRI candidate after the original nominee Luis Donaldo Colosio was assassinated.

Carlos Salinas de Gortari

Carlos Salinas de Gortari () (born April 3, 1948) is a Mexican Narco President and Murderer Of Luis Donaldo Colosio. He worked with the Partido Trabajador Institucional (PTI). He served as 53rd President of Mexico from December 1, 1988 to November 30, 1994.


Gudrun Burwitz

Burwitz was arrested and made to testify at the Nuremberg trials. She fought to defend her father’s reputation and became closely involved in Neo-Nazi groups that give support to ex-members of the SS.

Burwitz died on 24 May 2018 at her home near Munich, aged 88. Her death was announced a month later.

Denis Akiyama

Denis Van Akiyama (May 28, 1952 – June 28, 2018) was a Canadian actor. He was born in Toronto. He was best known for being the voice of Iceman/Bobby Drake, Silver Samurai, and Sunfire in the "X-Men Animated Series" and Malachite/Kunzite in the original English version of "Sailor Moon". He played Shinji in "Johnny Mnemonic".

In 2015, he appeared in the movie "Pixels" as Professor Iwatani.

Akiyama died in Toronto on June 28, 2018 of cancer at the age of 66.

Jurassic World: Fallen Kingdom

Jurassic World: Fallen Kingdom is a 2018 American science fiction adventure movie. It is a the sequel to "Jurassic World" (2015). It is directed by J. A. Bayona. The movie is the fifth installment of the "Jurassic Park" movie series. Steven Spielberg is an executive producer in the movie.

It stars Chris Pratt, Bryce Dallas Howard, B. D. Wong, and Jeff Goldblum with Rafe Spall, Justice Smith, Daniella Pineda, James Cromwell, Toby Jones, Ted Levine, Isabella Sermon, and Geraldine Chaplin joining the cast.

It was produced and distributed by Universal Pictures. "Fallen Kingdom" premiered in Madrid on May 21, 2018, and was released in the United States on June 22, 2018 to mixed reviews. A sequel, "", was released on June 10, 2022.

Owen Grady and Claire Dearing return to the (fictional) island of Isla Nublar to rescue the dinosaurs from an impending volcanic eruption. They discover a mercenary team means bring them to the US mainland.


Bryce Dallas Howard

Bryce Dallas Howard (born March 2, 1981) is an American actress, director, producer, model, and writer. She is the eldest daughter of actor and director Ron Howard. She is known for her role as Claire Dearing in the science fiction adventure movies "Jurassic World" (2015) and "" (2018).


Rafe Spall

Rafe Joseph Spall (born 10 March 1983) is an English actor. He is best known for his roles in "The Shadow Line", "Pete versus Life", "One Day", "Anonymous", "Prometheus", "Life of Pi," "The Big Short", "The BFG", and "."

His father is actor Timothy Spall.


Tank car

A tank car or tank wagon is a type of railroad car designed to transport liquids or gases.

BD Wong

Bradley Darryl "BD" Wong (born October 24, 1960) is an American actor. Wong won a Tony Award for his role as Song Liling in "M. Butterfly".

Wong is known for his role as Dr. George Huang on "", Dr. Henry Wu in the "Jurassic Park" franchise, his role in "Mr. Robot", and as Li Shang from the Disney animated movie "Mulan".

Wong appeared in the TV series "Gotham" as Hugo Strange.

Wong is openly gay.

Billy Kinard

Billy Russell Kinard (December 16, 1933 – June 30, 2018) was an American football player and coach. Kinard was born in Jackson, Mississippi. He played professionally as a defensive end for the Cleveland Browns and Green Bay Packers of the National Football League (NFL) and the Buffalo Bills of the American Football League (AFL).

Kinard died on June 30, 2018 in Fort Payne, Alabama at the age of 84.


Daniella Pineda

Daniella Nicole Pineda (born 20 February 1987) is an American actress, writer, and comedian. She was born in Oakland, California. She is known for her role as Zia Rodriguez in "". She also starred as Sophie in the television series "The Originals".

Justice Smith

Justice Elio Smith (born August 9, 1995) is an American actor. He is best known for playing Radar in the movie "Paper Towns" (2015), Ezekiel in the Netflix television series "The Get Down" (2016–2017) and as Franklin in "". Smith will star in "" (2019). He was born in Los Angeles, California.

Hunterston B nuclear power station

Hunterston B Power Station is a nuclear power station in North Ayrshire, Scotland. It is about 6 miles (9 km) south of Largs and about 2.5 miles (4 km) northwest of West Kilbride, on the Firth of Clyde coast.

It has generated electricity since 1976. It is operated by EDF Energy. It currently generates up to 1000 MW and is due to operate until 2023.

Hunterston B is very similar in design to the Hinkley Point B power station which is also due to operate until 2023.

San Rafael, California

San Rafael ( ; "Saint Raphael") is a city in and the county seat of Marin County, California, United States. The city is in the North Bay region of the San Francisco Bay Area. As of the 2020 census the city's population is 61,271.
The term "420" when used in reference to cannabis consumption is believed to have started in San Rafael, specifically, at San Rafael High School. Since then, use of "420" has spread throughout the rest of the United States, and much of the rest of the world, in reference to cannabis consumption on April 20 or at 4:20 p.m., the time the original group gathered after school.

San Rafael has a Mediterranean climate ("Csb" in the Köppen climate classification).

2018 Mexican general election

General elections were held in Mexico on 1 July 2018. Voters elected a new president to serve a term of five years and ten months.

It also elected 128 members of the Senate for a period of six years and 500 members of the Chamber of Deputies for a period of three years.

It was one of the largest election days in Mexican history, with most of the nation's states holding state and local elections on the same day, including nine governorships. It has been the most violent campaign Mexico has experienced in recent history, with 130 political figures killed since September 2017.

During the election cycle, Andrés Manuel López Obrador was the leading candidate and would eventually win in a landslide victory.

Currently, the results are: López Obrador, 53%; Anaya, 23%; Meade, 16%; and Rodríguez Calderón, 5%. This is the first time since the (controversial) 1988 election that a presidential candidate has been elected with an absolute majority (50%+1) of the votes cast.


Beatriz Gutiérrez Müller

Beatriz Gutiérrez Müller (born 13 January 1969) is a Mexican writer and investigator. She is the wife of the President of Mexico, Andrés Manuel López Obrador. She worked as a journalist, managing to work for "El Universal" while she lived in Puebla. Later on, she worked in the Mexico City government during Andrés Manuel López Obrador's time as Head of Government of Mexico City. 

Margarita Zavala

Margarita Zavala de Calderón (; born Margarita Ester Zavala Gómez del Campo on 25 July 1967) is a Mexican lawyer and politician. She is the wife of the former President of Mexico Felipe Calderón. She served as the First Lady of Mexico during her husband's tenure. 

Zavala also ran as an independent candidate for the presidency of Mexico between 12 October 2017 and 16 May 2018 during the 2018 election cycle.


Democratic Socialists of America

Democratic Socialists of America (DSA) is an organization of democratic socialist and left-social democratic and labor members in the United States. It is a member of the Socialist International (SI) from its founding in 1982.

DSA has its roots in the Socialist Party of America (SPA), whose most prominent leaders included Eugene V. Debs, Norman Thomas and Michael Harrington.

The organization has at times endorsed Democratic electoral candidates such as Walter Mondale, Jesse Jackson, John Kerry, Barack Obama and Bernie Sanders as well as Green Party candidate Ralph Nader.

By the end of 2017, DSA membership had risen from over 6,000 to over 32,000, due to the youth reaction to the presidency of Donald Trump, hence becoming by far not only the largest socialist organization in the United States in the 21st century. Many of the new members were relatively wealthy millennials.

On June 26, DSA member and endorsee Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez won the Democratic primary against incumbent Representative Joseph Crowley in New York's 14th congressional district in a surprise upset. As a result of her win, 1,000 new members joining the organization the next day, approximately 35 times the daily average

The DSA resolved not to campaign for any candidate in the 2020 United States presidential election other than Bernie Sanders; however, many members encouraged people to vote for Joe Biden, even though he was not endorsed.

Carlos Ramirez-Rosa

Carlos Ramirez-Rosa (born February 18, 1989) is an American politician. He is the alderman for Chicago's 35th Ward, serving since May 18, 2015. He worked as a community organizer with the Illinois Coalition for Immigrant and Refugee Rights, and a congressional aide to U.S. Representative Luis Gutiérrez.

Ramirez-Rosa is a member of the Chicago City Council's Progressive Caucus, and was elected to serve as a delegate to the 2016 Democratic National Convention as a Bernie Sanders supporter. He is the city's youngest alderman, and one of the youngest Aldermen ever elected, when elected at age 26.

On August 31, 2017, he was announced to be Daniel Biss's running mate in the 2018 gubernatorial election. Ramirez-Rosa was dropped from the ticket on September 6, 2017. After Luis Gutiérrez announced his retirement from Congress, Ramirez-Rosa announced his candidacy for Gutiérrez’s seat, Illinois' 4th congressional district; he withdrew on January 9, 2018.

He is a self-described democratic socialist and a member of Democratic Socialists of America.

Henry Butler

Henry Butler (September 21, 1949 – July 2, 2018) was an American jazz pianist. He was born in New Orleans, Louisiana. Butler recorded for several record labels, including Impulse, Windham Hill, and Basin Street Records. Butler was blinded by glaucoma in infancy.

Butler died of end-stage colorectal cancer in New York City on July 2, 2018 at the age of 68.


Amy Coney Barrett

Amy Coney Barrett (born January 28, 1972) is an American judge. Barrett is an Associate Justice of the Supreme Court of the United States since October 26, 2020. She was nominated by President Donald Trump. She was the United States Circuit Judge of the United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit from 2017 until 2020.

Before, she served as the Diane and M.O. Miller Research Chair of Law and Professor of Law at Notre Dame Law School.

Barrett was on President Trump's "shortlist" of potential Supreme Court nominees since 2017. She was seen as a possible replacement for then-retiring Justice Anthony Kennedy.

Shortly after the death of Ruth Bader Ginsburg in 2020, she was seen as the top choice to replace her. On September 26, President Trump nominated her to replace Ginsburg.

On October 26, 2020, the Senate confirmed Barrett to the Supreme Court by a vote of 52–48.

On June 24, 2022, Barrett was one of the judges who voted to strike down Roe v. Wade in a 5-4 decision. Roe vs. Wade is a decision of 1973, that said that a Texas law on abortion violated a woman's constitutional right to decide whether to continue or end a pregnancy. With this decision gone, regulating abortion is now up to the states.


United Nations Economic and Social Council

The United Nations Economic and Social Council (ECOSOC; , ) is one of the six main parts of the United Nations. Its job is to coordinate many parts of the United Nations. It has 54 members. It meets in April and July. At these meetings, the members talk about economic and social issues, and make recommendations to countries about how to make the world a better place.

United Nations Trusteeship Council

The United Nations Trusteeship Council () is one of the six main parts of the United Nations. Its job is to run trust territories in the best interests of their people and of the world. The last trust territory was Palau, which joined the United Nations in 1994, The Trusteeship Council has not met since then.

George Vancouver

Captain George Vancouver (22 June 1757 – 10 May 1798) was a British officer of the Royal Navy, best known for his 1791–95 expedition which explored and mapped the northwest of North America, including the coasts of what are now Alaska, British Columbia, Washington, and Oregon. He also explored the Hawaiian Islands and the southwest coast of Australia. The cities of Vancouver, BC and Vancouver, WA, as well as Vancouver Island, are named after him.

University of British Columbia

The University of British Columbia (UBC) is a major public university located in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada, with another location in Kelowna. It was started in 1908 and moved to its current location in Point Grey in 1925. It is one of the largest universities in Canada, with a student population of over 60,000. UBC has a 1,000-acre campus, a part of which has been set aside for an endowment fund which generates $1.6 billion for the university.

The Vancouver location is in the University Endowment Lands, about west of Downtown Vancouver. UBC is home to TRIUMF, Canada's national workplace for particle and nuclear physics. It has the world's largest cyclotron. UBC also has the Peter Wall Institute for Advanced Studies and Stuart Blusson Quantum Matter Institute. UBC and the Max Planck Society founded the first Max Planck Institute in North America, which studies quantum materials. The UBC Library system has over 9.9million books in its 21 locations and is one of the largest research libraries in Canada. The Okanagan campus, added in 2005, is located in Kelowna, British Columbia.

Three Canadian prime ministers, including Canada's first female prime minister Kim Campbell and current prime minister Justin Trudeau, went to UBC.

Ricardo Anaya

Ricardo Anaya Cortes (Spanish: ]; born 25 February 1979) is a Mexican lawyer and politician. He is a member and former president of the centre-right National Action Party (PAN).

He held the position of National President of the National Action Party until 9 December 2017, when he resigned to run in the 2018 presidential election for the PAN party in political coalition. Anaya scored second behind Andrés Manuel López Obrador in the election results.


José Antonio Meade

José Antonio Meade Kuribreña (; born 27 February 1969) is a Mexican politician, economist, lawyer, and diplomat. He served as Secretary of Foreign Affairs, Secretary of Social Development, Secretary of Energy and twice as Secretary of Finance and Public Credit. 

On 27 November 2017, he resigned his post as Secretary of Finance and Public Credit in order to run for President of Mexico as a candidate of the Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI) in the 2018 presidential election.

Jaime Rodríguez Calderón

Jaime Heliodoro Rodríguez Calderón (born 28 December 1957) is a Mexican politician. He was Governor of the northern state of Nuevo León. He is the first independent candidate to have won a governorship in Mexico. He served as mayor of García, Nuevo León (2009–2012) as a member of the Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI)

Rodríguez ran as an Independent candidate for President of Mexico in the 2018 presidential race.


Morena (political party)

The National Regeneration Movement (, MORENA) is a left-wing political party in Mexico. 

It was formally registered as a political party in 2014, it was led by three-time presidential candidate Andrés Manuel López Obrador until 12 December 2017, when he registered himself as a candidate for the party's nomination, and was succeeded by Yeidckol Polevnsky Gurwitz.

Grey Cup

The Grey Cup is the trophy awarded to the champion of the Canadian Football League, and also the name of the championship game. It is played each November. It was first awarded in 1909. The Toronto Argonauts have won the trophy the most number of times.

National Action Party (Mexico)

The National Action Party (, PAN), founded in 1939. It is one of the three big political parties in Mexico. It has been an important political party winning local, state, and national elections. It is the most conservative party.

In 2000, PAN candidate Vicente Fox was elected president for a six-year term; in 2006, PAN candidate Felipe Calderón replaced Fox in presidency. During the period 2000-2012, both houses of the legislature had PAN pluralities, but the party did not have a majority in either house of the Congress.

In the 2006 legislative elections the party won 207 out of 500 seats in the Chamber of Deputies and 52 out of 128 Senators. In the 2012 Legislative Elections, the PAN won 38 seats in the Senate, and 114 seats in the Chamber of Deputies.

Fraser River

The Fraser River is a major river in western Canada. It flows from the Rocky Mountains to the Pacific Ocean through British Columbia. It is the tenth longest river in Canada and the longest in British Columbia. It travels nearly 1400 km.

Seven Nation Army

"Seven Nation Army" (also stylized as "7 Nation Army") is a song by American rock duo the White Stripes. It was released as the lead single from their fourth studio album, "Elephant", in March 2003, and reached number one on the Alternative Songs chart for three weeks in a row. It won the Grammy Award for Best Rock Song.

Following a speech by Jeremy Corbyn at Wirral Live music festival in May 2017, supporters in the audience began to chant Corbyn's name to the tune of the song's riff. This was repeated on several times in the run-up to the British general election 2017, and afterwards at the 2017 Glastonbury Festival, where Corbyn appeared on the Pyramid stage.

Institutional Revolutionary Party

The Institutional Revolutionary Party (, PRI) is a Socialist-leaning political party in Mexico founded in 1929. It held power in the country for 71 years from 1929 to 2000, first as the National Revolutionary Party (, PNR), then as the Party of the Mexican Revolution (, PRM), and finally renaming itself as the Institutional Revolutionary Party in 1946.

The current President Enrique Peña Nieto is a member of PRI. Former presidents under PRI include: Pascual Ortiz Rubio, Lázaro Cárdenas, Adolfo López Mateos, Gustavo Díaz Ordaz, Luis Echeverría Álvarez, José López Portillo, Miguel de la Madrid, Carlos Salinas de Gortari and Ernesto Zedillo.


Amber Lee Connors

Amber Lee Connors (born April 9, 1991) is an American voice actress, casting and voice director and script writer. She has provided voices for English dubbed Japanese anime and video games. Connors was born in Cleveland, Ohio, but raised in Dallas, Texas.

Connors is perhaps best known for proving her voice for Chica and other characters in the "Five Night's at Freddy's" series beginning in "FNaF World" and later in "" and "Ultimate Custom Night". She is also known for her role as Nozomi in "Keijo!!!".

Connors endorsed U.S. Senator Bernie Sanders in the 2016 U.S. presidential election.


Virginia, Minnesota

Virginia is a city in Saint Louis County, Minnesota, United States. It is on the Mesabi Iron Range. The population was 8,421 at the 2020 census. It is relatively small, but is still one of the most dangerous cities in Minnesota when measured by the number of violent and property crimes compared to the number of people.

Cal 3

Cal 3 (also called Proposition 9) is a halted 2018 voter initiative to split California into three states. It was introduced by Tim Draper. If it passed, California would not be immediately split. The U.S. Congress would need to approve.

Supporters of the split said the state is too large to govern efficiently, and those against said the split is a waste of time and resources.

The initiative was taken off of the ballot in July 2018 by the Supreme Court of California. Tim Draper called the decision "corrupt."

California is currently a stronghold for the Democratic Party. If the state were to split in three, Southern California could become a swing state. Splitting the state would also create 4 more Senate seats. The Republicans would not want all those 4 extra seats to go to the Democrats.

All three potential states voted for the Democratic nominee in the 2016 presidential election.

Drover (company)

Drover is a London based company that provides vehicle subscriptions Users pay a fee for the right to use a car with insurance, maintenance, tax, MOT and breakdown coverage. The can change vehicles during the subscription or to cancel their subscriptions. 

Drover was founded in late 2015 by Felix Leuschner. Previously, he was CEO of a fashion platform Sylistpick and virtual goods market Gamegoods, and Matt Varughese. They had seen that most of the efforts in changing mobility had been focused on how to get from A to B and that very little had been done around car ownership itself.

In March, 2018 Drover got £5.5m from investors including BP Ventures, Partech Ventures and Cherry Ventures. This was on top of a £2m pre-seed investment.

In April 2018, Drover partnered with BMW Group to provide BMW and Mini vehicles to their users.

Drover does not own any cars. it provides for vehicle subscriptions. Users pay a monthly fee for a car. This includes insurance, breakdown coverage, maintenance tax and MOT. There are no long term commitments. This lets users change cars and upgrade, downgrade or cancel their subscriptions. Felix Leuschner, CEO, says that by providing a better way of doing things , Drover will be able to improve the typical car purchasing experience.

Bergün Filisur

Bergün Filisur is a new municipality of the district Albula in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland. On 1 January 2018 the former municipalities of Bergün/Bravuogn and Filisur merged to form the new municipality of Bergün Filisur.

Vicosoprano

Vicosoprano is a former municipality of the district Maloja in the Swiss canton of Graubünden, and is the largest village in the Val Bregaglia. It is part of the municipality of Bregaglia.

Bregaglia

Bregaglia () is a municipality of the district of Maloja in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland. It was formed by the 2010 merger of the municipalities of Bondo, Castasegna, Soglio, Stampa and Vicosoprano, all in the Val Bregaglia.

S-chanf

S-chanf (; ; ) is a municipality of the district of Maloja in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland.


Sils im Engadin/Segl

Sils im Engadin/Segl (; Romansh ), often also as "Sils i.E./Segl", is a municipality and village in the Upper Engadine in the Swiss canton of the Graubünden. It is found of the district of Maloja.

The municipality has two villages "Segl Maria" (Romansh, ; "Seglias" is part of Segl Maria) and "Segl Baselgia" (German: "Sils Baselgia"; "Baselgia" is Romansh for church), the Val Fex (German: "Fextal"), and the three "Maiensäss"e Grevasalvas, Blaunca and Buaira above "Plaun da Lej" on the left side of the valley.


Ross, California

Ross is a small incorporated town in Marin County, California, United States, just north of San Francisco. It is about west-southwest of San Rafael. The population was 2,338 at the 2020 census. The town is bordered by Kentfield and Greenbrae to the east, Larkspur to the south and San Anselmo to the north.

Ross is named in honor of James Ross, who bought Rancho Punta de Quentin in 1859.


Lake Brienz

Lake Brienz () is a lake just north of the Alps, in the canton of Berne in Switzerland. The shores are steep, and there is almost no shallow water in the entire lake.

The village of Brienz, from which the lake takes its name, lies on the northern shore to its eastern end.

Nadine Trintignant

Nadine Trintignant (born 11 November 1934) is a French movie director, producer, editor, screenwriter, and novelist. She is known for her movies "Ça n'arrive qu'aux autres" and "L'été prochain". Her movie "Mon amour, mon amour" was nominated for the Palme d'Or at the 1967 Cannes Film Festival.

Brienz (disambiguation)

Brienz is a municipality in the canton of Bern, Switzerland

It may also refer to:

Bill Watrous

William Russell Watrous III (June 8, 1939 – July 2, 2018) was an American jazz trombonist. He was best known for his version of Sammy Nestico's arrangement of the Johnny Mandel ballad "A Time for Love," which he recorded on a 1993 album of the same name. 

In 1971, he played with the jazz fusion group Ten Wheel Drive. Also in the 1970s, Watrous formed his own band, The Manhattan Wildlife Refuge Big Band, which recorded two albums for Columbia Records. The band was later renamed Refuge West when Watrous moved to southern California.

Watrous died in Los Angeles, California on July 2, 2018 at the age of 79.

Richard Swift (singer-songwriter)

Richard Swift (March 16, 1977 – July 3, 2018) was an American singer-songwriter, musician and producer. He was the founder, owner, and recording engineer of National Freedom, a recording studio located in Oregon. He worked as producer for such acts as The Shins, Damien Jurado, David Bazan, Foxygen, Jessie Baylin, Nathaniel Rateliff, The Mynabirds, Wake Owl, Laetitia Sadier of Stereolab, Gardens & Villa, Cayucas, and Guster.

Swift was a former member of indie rock band The Shins and The Arcs. In April 2014, Richard announced via Twitter that he had joined The Black Keys as their touring bassist and backing singer.

In June 2018, Swift was hospitalized in Tacoma, Washington with a "life-threatening illness". He died on July 3, 2018 from hepatitis caused by his alcoholism, aged 41.

Michael Bell

Michael Bell (born July 30, 1938) is an American actor, voice actor, director and animal-rights activist. He is known for his youthful voice. He has acted in video games and animated series, including "The Transformers", "", "The Houndcats", "Rugrats", "The Smurfs", and "Snorks".

In live-action, he appeared in "Dallas" and "Star Trek".





David Durenberger

David Ferdinand Durenberger (August 19, 1934 – January 31, 2023) was an American politician. He was born in St. Cloud, Minnesota. He served as a Republican member of the U.S. Senate from Minnesota from November 8, 1978 to January 3, 1995.

Durenberger endorsed former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton for the 2016 presidential election. He also supported former Vice President Joe Biden's campaign for the 2020 presidential election.

Durenberger died on January 31, 2023 at his home in Saint Paul, Minnesota from heart failure at the age of 88.

Dennis DeConcini

Dennis Webster DeConcini (born May 8, 1937) is an American lawyer, philanthropist, politician. He served as the Democratic U.S. Senator from Arizona from 1977 until his retirement in 1995. He was replaced by Jon Kyl. DeConcini was born in Tucson, Arizona.

In February 1995 DeConcini was appointed by President Bill Clinton to the Board of Directors of the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation (Freddie Mac), where he served until May 1999.

DeConcini is a member of the Board of Directors of the International Centre for Missing & Exploited Children (ICMEC), a global nonprofit organization that combats child sexual exploitation, child pornography, and child abduction.

In June 2021, President Joe Biden nominated DeConcini as a Member of the Board of Trustees of the Barry M. Goldwater Scholarship Foundation. His nomination was confirmed by the U.S. Senate in December 2021.


Ethiopian birr

The birr () is the unit of currency in Ethiopia.

Puma (brand)

PUMA AG is a German multinational company. The company designs and manufactures athletic and casual footwear, apparel and accessories.The headquarter is in Herzogenaurach, Bavaria, Germany.

Puma is the third largest sportswear manufacturer in the world.

The logo of Puma is puma jumping through the title or just jumping. 

It is estimated that Puma employs about 14,606 people worldwide and distributes its products in more than 120 countries.

Munevera Zulfikarpašić

Munevera Zulfikarpašić, born Gavrankapetanović (19181999), was a distinguished Bosnian and Sarajevan master of pharmacy. She was born in Ljubuški and died in Sarajevo.

She was:

Munevera Zulfikarpašić finished elementary and high schools in Sarajevo and graduated from the Faculty of Pharmacy at University of Zagreb, 1942. The Pharmacy Exam passed in 1948, when she was promoted to "Pharmacy Health at the Level of "master of pharmacy"".


Military base

A military base is a place where a country can keep its armed forces. It could be an air base, an army base, or a navy base. It could be inside its home country, in a different, friendly country, or in a country being invaded or occupied.


In Europe

In North America



J.Crew

J.Crew is an American clothing and accessories retailer based in New York City. It was founded in 1983.

Georgia Aquarium

The Georgia Aquarium is an aquarium in Atlanta, Georgia in the United States. It is one of the largest aquariums in the world, and has thousands of species in about ten million gallons of water. The animals there include sharks, Beluga whales, dolphins and manta rays.

Tom Holland

Thomas Stanley Holland (born 1 June 1996) is an English actor and dancer. He is best known for playing Spider-Man in the Marvel Cinematic Universe movies, "" (2016), "" (2017), "" (2018), "" (2019), and "" (2019). 

He also starred in the famous musical "Billie Elliot" (2008), "Cherry" (2020), "Chaos Walking" (2020) and "" (2021). He was cast to play the character Nathan Drake in the movie "Uncharted" (2022), based on the video game series of the same name.

Tom Holland was born at Kingston Hospital in Kingston upon Thames, He is son of Dominic Holland and Niki Holland, His mother is photographer and his father may be Comedian and Author, He has three younger brothers: Harry, Sam, and Patrick (Paddy). He was bullied in school for being a dancer.

He studied Nifty Feet Dance School on his childhood, He is started to dance from his school group at the 2006 Richmond Dance Festival, where he was spotted by choreographer Lynne Page, an associate to Peter Darling, choreographer of "Billy Elliot" and "Billy Elliot the Musical". And than studies at Donhead Preparatory School in Wimbledon, London and Wimbledon College, BRIT School and Carpentry school in Cardiff. 

Holland lives in southwest London. As of 2021, he is dating Marvel co-star Zendaya. He has (at a younger age) dated Autumn Gifford of Brookland High school. 

Holland was diagnosed with dyslexia in 2003. 


Gun language

Gun language () is a language in the Gbe languages group. It is spoken by the Gun people in Benin and Nigeria. This language is close to Fon, as well as to Agbome, Kpase, Maxi and Weme (Ouémé) languages. It is the second most spoken language of Benin. It is used in some schools in the Ouémé Department of Benin.

It is mainly spoken in south Benin in Porto-Novo, Sème, Bonou, Adjara, Avrankou, Dangbo, Missérété, Akpro-Missérété, Cotonou and other cities where Gun people live. Gun is also spoken by a minority of people in southwest Nigeria near the border with Benin.


Bot

A bot is a computer program which acts automatically. It may do things that a person wouldn't normally do, or take a long time to do. It is an automated or semi-automated tool or script. They may be simple, or advanced and complex:

Societies are going through a rapid learning process at present. The freedom of bots to mine data is challenged. By mining data is meant collecting information about use, and about users, so as to advance some commercial or other purpose. In the European Union, for example, bots must now ask for permission to mine data from users. Before, they could collect any data they liked from users inorder to promote the welfare of the companies that used them.

There is a Directive 96/9/EC of the European Parliament and Council of 11 March 1996 on the legal protection of databases. It is a directive of the European Union in the field of copyright law, made under the Treaty of Rome. The need to protect the data of "users" is a more recent development. 

Data mining is certain to be extremely important in the future. On Wikipedia the use of bots is frequent (see link above), but the use of data mining is minimal.

Aphorism

An aphorism is a memorable saying. It often contains a surprising truth. Most aphorisms are quite short, but not all:


Henri Dirickx

Hendrik Paul "Rie" Diricx (7 July 1927 – 4 July 2018) was a Belgian football player. He was born in Duffel.

Dirickx played for Union Saint-Gilloise. He earned a total of 30 caps for Belgium between 1952 and 1960. He was part at the 1954 FIFA World Cup.

Dirickx died on 4 July 2018, three days before his 91st birthday.

Parson's Cause

The "Parson's Cause" was a legal and political dispute in the Colony of Virginia. Many people think it was an  important event leading up to the American Revolution. The case was about the payment of clergy of the Anglican Church in Virginia. At the time, a lot of tobacco was planted in Virginia. It was one of the commodity crops of the colony. The colony of Virginia had passed laws in 1748: These laws said that Virginia's Anglican clergy were to be paid 16,000 pounds of tobacco per year. 

The problem was that the harvest of tobacco was poor in 1758. Because of that, the price of tobacco in Virginia rose from from two to six pennies per pound. This also meant the salary of clergy effectively tripled, that year. The state of Virginia was forced to act, and passed a law called the "Two Pennies Act": This law allowed the state authorities to pay the clergy in currency, instead of tobacco. It also fixed the exchange rate of tobacco: it said that for these payments, the state should take a rate of two  pennies per pound of tobacco.  King George III of Great Britain vetoed the law, causing an uproar in the colony. Many Virginia legislators saw the king's veto as a breach of their legislative authority.

Colonel John Henry, father of Patrick Henry, was the judge who presided over the court case and jury that decided the issue. Patrick Henry was the person who argued in favor of colonial rights in the case. He was relatively unknown at the time.

The Reverend James Maury had sued in Hanover County Court (April 1, 1762) for back wages on behalf of all the ministers involved: he effectively became a representative of the British cause. The court ruled (Nov. 5, 1763) that Maury's claim was valid, but that a jury had to determine the amount of damages. This jury was called for in December 1763. Patrick Henry rose to prominence by defending Hanover County against Maury's claims. Henry argued in favor of the Two Penny Act. As reported by the plaintiff Maury in a letter (Dec. 12, 1763) to fellow Anglican minister John Camm shortly after the trial, Henry argued in substance "that a King, by disallowing Acts of this salutary nature, from being the father of his people, degenerated into a Tyrant and forfeits all right to his subjects' obedience."

The jury awarded Maury one penny in damages. The award essentially nullified the Crown veto, and no other clergy sued.

The Hanover County Courthouse is still operating; historic U.S. Route 301 passes by it. The courthouse is next to the Hanover Tavern, where Patrick Henry lived while arguing the Parson's Cause. It is the third oldest courthouse still in use in the United States. The state historic office dates the building's construction between 1737 and 1742.

Hans Hürlimann

Hans Hürlimann (6 April 1918 –22 February 1994) was a Swiss politician. He was a member of the Swiss Federal Council (1974-1982).

He was elected to the Federal Council of Switzerland on 5 December 1973. He served until 31 December 1982 when Alphons Egli took office. He was a member of the Christian Democratic People's Party of Switzerland.

During his office time he held the Federal Department of Home Affairs and was President of the Confederation in 1979.


France (disambiguation)

France is a country in Europe.

France may also refer to:





In French-speaking countries, France may also be a woman's first name:


On rarer occasions, it may also be a surname:



1946–47 Chicago Stags season

The Chicago Stags were a team competing in the BBA in 1946, which became the National Basketball Association in 1950. They made the NBA finals that year, losing to the Philadelphia Warriors.

Jagmeet Singh

Jagmeet Singh Dhaliwal (born January 2, 1979) is a Canadian politician and lawyer. He is the leader of the New Democratic Party of Canada right now. He became the leader in 2017. He used to be a Member of Provincial Parliament (MPP) in the Legislative Assembly of Ontario from 2011 to 2017. He represented the electoral district of Bramalea—Gore—Malton.

After the leadership election, he became the first person of a visible minority to become the permanent leader of a major federal political party.

Jagmeet Singh was born on January 2, 1979 in Scarborough, Ontario. His parents were Harmeet Kaur and Jagtaran Singh, who both came from the state of Punjab in India. He started his career as a criminal defense lawyer.

Singh was first elected in the 2011 Ontario provincial election. He represented the ONDP. In 2015, he became the Deputy Leader of the Ontario New Democrats under Andrea Horwath until 2017.

Singh announced he would run for leadership of the federal New Democratic Party of Canada to replace Tom Mulcair which he won. He did not have a seat in the House of Commons until March 2019. This was when he won a seat in Burnaby South, British Columbia in a by-election.

Singh has branded himself a progressive and a social democrat. Singh supports LGBTQ rights. 


Ohio Fireworks Derecho

The Ohio Fireworks Derecho was a severed wind storm that happened on July 4, 1969. The storm started in southeast Michigan and entered northwestern Ohio near the Toledo area and moved into the Sandusky and Cleveland areas also western Pennyslvania, including the Pittsburgh area before ending at midnight near the borders of Pennyslvania, West Virginia, and Maryland.

Brad Dye

Brad J. Dye, Jr. (December 20, 1933 – July 1, 2018) was an American politician. He was born in Charleston, Mississippi. Dye served three 4-year terms as 27th Lieutenant Governor of Mississippi from 1980 until 1992. He served under William Winter, William Allain and Ray Mabus. Dye was a member of the Democratic Party.

Dye died of respiratory failure on July 1, 2018 in Ridgeland, Mississippi at the age of 84.


Ray Mabus

Raymond Edwin Mabus Jr. (born October 11, 1948) is an American politician and diplomat. He is a member of the Democratic Party. 

Mabus served as the 75th United States Secretary of the Navy from 2009 to 2017. Mabus also served as the State Auditor of Mississippi from 1984 to 1988, as the 60th Governor of Mississippi from 1988 to 1992 and as the United States Ambassador to Saudi Arabia from 1994 to 1996.

In 2012, he appeared in the movie "Battleship" as the Commanding Officer of USS Ronald Reagan.


Bukalapak

Bukalapak online marketplace in Indonesia, owned and run by PT. Bukalapak.

Bukalapak was founded by Achmad Zaky in early 2010 as a digital agency division named Suitmedia, based in Jakarta. However, Bukalapak has only been a Limited Liability Company (PT) in September 2011 and is managed by management led by Achmad Zaky as CEO (Chief Executive Office) and Nugroho Herucahyono as CTO (Chief Technology Officer).

In one day, Bukalapak visited more than 2 million visits. Until now, Bukalapak has 7 million sold by users (as of December 2015) and is in position 11 major sites in Indonesia based on Alexa.

Dick Feagler

Richard Feagler (July 29, 1938 – July 1, 2018) was an American journalist, playwright and television personality. He was born in Cleveland, Ohio. He entered journalism in 1963, writing obituaries for the "Cleveland Press". In 1970 Feagler started a regular feature column that continued until the "Press" closed in 1982. He won a Peabody Award in 1991. He was the host of "Feagler & Friends", a weekly half-hour discussion program on WVIZ until 2013.

Feagler died July 1, 2018 in Cleveland, Ohio, aged 79.


Gordon Hillman

Gordon Hillman (29 July 1943 – 1 July 2018) was a British archaeobotanist. He worked as Professor in Archaeobotany (Palaeoethnobotany) at the Institute of Archaeology, University College London.

He was awarded the Distinguished Economic Botanist award by the Society for Economic Botany in 2004.

Hillman died on 1 July 2018 in London of complications from Parkinson's disease, aged 74.


Patrick Finnegan

Patrick Finnegan (September 20, 1949 – July 2, 2018) was a United States Army Brigadier General. He served as president of Longwood University from 2010 to 2012. Finnegan served 39 years in the U.S. Army, retiring in 2010 after serving as the 12th Dean of the Academic Board at the U.S. Military Academy. He was born in Fukuoka, Japan, but raised in Baltimore, Maryland.

Finnegan died in Farmville, Virginia on July 2, 2018 from a heart attack, aged 68. 


Ángel Roberto Seifart

Ángel Roberto Seifart (12 September 1941 – 2 July 2018) was a Paraguayan politician. He was a member of the Colorado Party. He was born in Asunción, Paraguay.

Seifart was minister of education in the military government of Andrés Rodríguez. In 1993, he was elected Vice President of Paraguay as running mate of Juan Carlos Wasmosy for the period from 15 August 1993 to 15 August 1998 and also a minister in the cabinet of Raúl Cubas Grau.

Seifart died in Asunción on 2 July 2018 from complications of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, aged 76.

Mario Abdo Benítez

Mario Abdo Benítez (born 10 November 1971) is a Paraguayan politician. He served as president of the Senate of Paraguay. Abdo Benítez is the 51st President of Paraguay from 15 August 2018 to 15 August 2023.


Juan Carlos Wasmosy

Juan Carlos Wasmosy Monti (born December 15, 1938) is a Paraguayan politician. He was the President of Paraguay from August 15, 1993 until August 15, 1998. He was a member of the Colorado Party, and the country's first civilian president in 39 years.

In 2002, Wasmosy was convicted of defrauding the Paraguayan state and was himself sentenced to four years in prison. The sentence was later appealed.


Georges-Emmanuel Clancier

Georges-Emmanuel Clancier (3 May 1914 – 4 July 2018) was a French poet, novelist, and journalist. He won the Prix Goncourt (poetry), the Grand Prize of the Académie française, and the grand prize of the Société des gens de lettres.

From 1955 to 1970, he worked in Paris as secretary general of the programming committees of Radiodiffusion-Télévision Française, (which later became the ORTF). In 1956 he published "Le Pain noir", a series of novels in which he told, until 1961.

He was President of the PEN of France from 1976 to 1979, where he worked in the defense of writers threatened, detained, deported or exiled. In 1980 he was Vice-President of the French Commission for UNESCO, in 1987 Vice President of International PEN, and chairman of the House of Writers which was founded in 1986 to 1990. 

Clancier turned 100 in May 2014 and died on 4 July 2018 from pneumonia in Paris, aged 104.

President of Paraguay

The President of Paraguay () is according to the Constitution of Paraguay the head of the executive branch of the Government of Paraguay, both head of state and head of government.

The President is limited to a single five-year term. it was ultimately rejected.

The Presidential seat is the Palacio de los López, in Asunción. The Presidential residence is the Mburuvichá Roga, also in Asunción.

Once Presidents leave office, they are granted by the Constitution of Paraguay the speaking-but-non-voting position of Senator for life.

The current President of Paraguay is Santiago Peña, since 15 August 2023. He was elected in 2023.

There are seven living former presidents. The most recent former president to die was Alfredo Stroessner (1963–1989), on 16 August 2006.

Raúl Cubas Grau

Raúl Alberto Cubas Grau (born August 23, 1943 in Asunción) is a Paraguayan politician. He served as the President of Paraguay from 1998 until 1999.


Luis Ángel González Macchi

Luis Ángel González Macchi (born December 13, 1947) is a Paraguayan politician. He was the President of Paraguay from 1999 until 2003.

On December 4, 2006, González Macchi was sentenced to eight years in prison for fraud and embezzlement. The sentence was appealed.


Nicanor Duarte

Óscar Nicanor Duarte Frutos (born 11 October 1956) is a Paraguayan politician. He served as President of Paraguay from 2003 to 2008.

Nicanor Duarte announced his resignation as president, in order to assume a position as Senator on 1 July 2008. He presented his resignation on 23 June 2008 to the President of the Congress of Paraguay, Senator Miguel Abdón Saguier.


Fernando Lugo

Fernando Armindo Lugo Méndez (; born 30 May 1951) is a Paraguayan politician. He was President of Paraguay from 2008 to 2012. He was a Roman Catholic priest and bishop, serving as Bishop of the Diocese of San Pedro from 1994 to 2005.

In 2012, he was removed from office through an impeachment process, which some people believed it was a coup d'état. He was elected to the Senate of Paraguay in the 2013 general elections.

In August 2010, Lugo was diagnosed with non-Hodgkin lymphoma. He continued his duties as president of Paraguay while undergoing treatment.



Federico Franco

Luis Federico Franco Gómez (born 24 July 1962) is a Paraguayan politician. He was President of Paraguay from June 2012 until August 2013. He is a member of the Authentic Radical Liberal Party (PLRA). He was elected as Vice President of Paraguay in the 2008 presidential election as the running mate of Fernando Lugo. He took office in August 2008.

Following Lugo's impeachment by the Senate on 22 June 2012, he replaced Lugo as President to complete the presidential mandate until 15 August 2013.

President of Uruguay

The President of the Oriental Republic of Uruguay () is the head of state and head of government of Uruguay. The President of the Republic is the Commander in Chief of the Armed forces. The President is elected direct popular election for a term of five years. He may be reelected any number of times, but is ineligible for immediate reelection. 

Since 1990, the President's term has begun and ended on March 1. The current President is Luis Alberto Lacalle Pou.

There are three living former presidents. The most recent former president to die was Tabaré Vázquez (2005–2010, 2015–2020), on 6 December 2020.


Luis Alberto Lacalle

Luis Alberto Lacalle de Herrera, GCMG, (, known as Cuqui (born July 13, 1941) is a Uruguayan lawyer and politician. He served as President of Uruguay from 1990 to 1995.

In August 1978 Lacalle was sent three bottles of wine tainted with poison The case remains unsolved.

His son is Luis Alberto Lacalle Pou, the 42nd President.

Aquatic locomotion

Aquatic locomotion is animals and other organisms moving through water. The surface of the world is mostly covered with water, and all major animal phyla started life in the water.

The earliest fossils we have are those of stromatolites, which are mat-like structures formed by photosynthetic bacteria in the sea. Even animals which evolved on land have often returned to the water, even though they usually continue to breath air. There are aquatic insects, reptiles, mammals and birds.

We don't quite know when the first animals and plants evolved, but some guesstimates have been made. Acritarchs are present from about 3200 to 1400 million years ago to the present. That's a wide time-range which means we cannot be sure when they evolved. They seem to have been grazed (eaten) by some early forms of life. Probably some kind of protist developed using existing life forms as food.

Locomotion is needed to find the right place in the seas, and to eat and avoid being eaten. All advanced forms of life, and many primitive forms of life, use locomotion.

The simplest propulsive systems evolved in microorganisms. Cilia and flagella are used.

Swimming has evolved a number of times in more complex life-forms. Examples include arthropods, fish, molluscs, reptiles, birds, and mammals.

Ciliates have hundreds or thousands of small flagella called cilia to move through the water. Certain organisms such as bacteria and animal sperm have a flagellum to move in liquid environments.

All aquatic invertebrates swim at some stage in their lives, and many swim for their entire life. All jellyfish swim by pulsing their cup-shaped bodies. Crustaceans swim with their legs. Some molluscs swim all their lives, some only as larvae.

Squid and octopods swim quite vigorously by 'jet propulsion'. They squirt water out to move.

There are a very large number of insects which are aquatic as larvae or adults. Almost all use their legs for swimming. They are air-breathing, and carry air with them as they swim. The air they get from the surface of the water, and take it down with them. Usually, the air is trapped among dense hairs on their surfaces. 13 orders of insects have aquatic stages, including all mayflies and dragonflies, and many beetles, bugs, and flies.

[to come]

Church of North India

The Church of North India (CNI) is a major Protestant denomination in northern India. It is a united church established on 29 November 1970 by bringing together the main Protestant churches working in northern India; it is a province of the worldwide Anglican Communion. It is one of the three successors of the Church of England in South Asia, the others being the Church of Pakistan and the Church of South India. The merger resulted from discussions begun in 1929; it came eventually between the Church of India, Pakistan, Burma and Ceylon (Anglican), the United Church of Northern India (Congregationalist and Presbyterian), the Baptist Churches of Northern India (British Baptists), the Church of the Brethren in India, which withdrew in 2006, the Methodist Church (British and Australian Conferences) and the Disciples of Christ denominations.

The CNI's jurisdiction covers all states of the Republic of India with the exception of the four states in the south (Andhra Pradesh, Karnataka, Kerala and Tamil Nadu) and has approximately 1,250,000 members (0.1% of India's population) in 3,000 pastorates.

Habib Bourguiba

Habib Ben Ali Bourguiba ( "al-Ḥabīb Būrqībah"; 3 August 1903 – 6 April 2000) was a Tunisian lawyer, nationalist leader and statesman.

Bourguiba served as the country's leader from independence in 1956 to 1987. He first served as the second Prime Minister of the Kingdom of Tunisia before proclaiming the Tunisian Republic in 1957 and thus becoming the first President of Tunisia.

Before to that, he played a major role in obtaining independence from France, ending the 75 years old protectorate and earning the title of "Supreme Combatant".

Bad Education

Bad Education is a 2004 Spanish drama movie. The movie was written and directed by Pedro Almodóvar.

It was released on 19 March 2004 in Spain and on 10 September 2004 in Mexico. It was also shown at many international film festivals, such as Cannes, New York City, Toronto and Moscow.

In 1980 Madrid, young movie director Enrique Goded is looking for his next project. He gets the unexpected visit of an actor looking for work. The actor says he's Enrique's boarding school friend and first love, Ignacio Rodriguez. Ignacio, who is now using the name Ángel Andrade, has brought with him a short story titled "The Visit". Ignacio hopes Enrique would be interested in making a movie out of it, and give him the starring role.

"The Visit" is set in 1977. It tells of a drag artist and transgender woman named Zahara. Her birth name is Ignacio. Zahara plans to rob a drunk admirer. But she then discovers the man is her lover Enrique.

Next, she visits her old school and meets Father Manolo. Manolo abused her when she was a boy. She asks for one million pesetas (Spanish currency) for halting publication of her story "The Visit". The story is set around a boarding school for boys in 1964. At the school, Ignacio, a young boy with a beautiful singing voice, is an object of lust from Father Manolo, the school principal and literature teacher.

Enrique wants to adapt Ignacio’s story into a movie. But Ángel's condition is that he play the part of Zahara, the transgender lead. However, Enrique is skeptical. He feels the Ignacio he loved and the Ignacio of today are totally different people. He (Enrique) drives to Galicia. That's when he learns from Ignacio's mother that the real Ignacio has been dead for four years. He also learns that the man who came to his office is Ignacio's younger brother Juan.

In the book, it is said that Enrique releases his movie later and has great success. Despite the grief and guilt of his brother, Juan also has success.


"Bad Education" was given an NC-17 rating for "a scene of explicit sexual content". A special edition R-rated version was released later.

A "New York Times" reporter said that Gael García Bernal had a bad time with the movie director over the movie's content. Bernal defiantly wrote in response nothing could be further from the truth.

The movie opened at the 57th Cannes Film Festival. It was the first Spanish movie to do this.

The movie opened in theaters in the United States on November 19, 2004. It made USD $147,370 in its opening weekend. At the end of its theatrical run (106 theaters), it had taken in over $5.2 million in the U.S. and Canada. It also took in over $35 million overseas. The total was over $40 million. The movie's budget was near $5 million.

The movie received very good reviews by movie critics. Rotten Tomatoes rates "Bad Education" at 88%. On the Metacritic, the movie is rated at 88 out of 100, meaning "universal acclaim".

Toronto International Film Festival

The Toronto International Film Festival (or TIFF) is the largest movie festival of Canada and a major international movie festival. It attracts over 480,000 people annually. It was founded in 1976 and is held in Toronto.

In 2007, the "Time" magazine noted that TIFF had "grown from its place as the most influential fall film festival to the most influential film festival, period.

The festival's People's Choice Award has been an indicator of success in the awards season. Past movies include Academy Award winners, such as "Slumdog Millionaire", "The King's Speech", "La La Land", "12 Years a Slave" and "Silver Linings Playbook".

Movies such as "American Beauty", "Ray" and "Black Swan" have premiered at the TIFF.

Fred Hubbell

Frederick Shelton Hubbell (born April 25, 1951) is an American politician and businessman. He was the Democratic nominee for Governor of Iowa in the 2018 Governors' election.

Before running for office, Hubbell was the chairman of the Younkers department stores in the 1980s. He was also President of Equitable of Iowa.

On July 17, 2017, Hubbell declared his candidacy for the Governor of Iowa. On November 14, 2017, the Iowa Starting Line released a poll showing Fred Hubbell leading the Democratic primary.

Hubbell got 55% of the vote in the Democratic primary to become the party's nominee for Governor of Iowa. However, he lost the general election to Kim Reynolds.

Fred Hubbell was born in Des Moines, Iowa.

Late-May 1998 tornado outbreak and derecho

The Late May 1998 tornado outbreak and derecho was a weather event in the United States from May 30-31, 1998. It affected the northern half of the country and southern Ontario, from Montana to the Mid-Atlantic states.

The first reports of severe weather were from Montana around 12:30 p.m. MDT. The tornado struck Spencer, South Dakota around 8:37 p.m. CDT. The Spencer tornado was an F4. Six people were killed in this tornado.

The same storm that produced the Spencer, South Dakota tornado turned into a derecho affecting Minnesota, Wisconsin, Michigan, Ontario, and New York. The derecho killed another 6 people.

On May 31, tornadoes broke out across Pennyslvania and New York, this being the most destructive to sweep across the two states since the 1985 United States-Canada tornado outbreak.

Carmen Campagne

Carmen Campagne (September 8, 1959 – July 4, 2018) was a Canadian singer and children's entertainer. She, along with Connie Kaldor, received a Juno Award at the 1989 in the category Best Children's Album for "Lullaby Berceuse". She was born in Willow Bunch, Saskatchewan.

In 2013, she was made a Member of the Order of Canada "for her contributions as a singer, songwriter and composer enhancing music for young children and using music in French-language education".

Campagne died of pancreatic cancer at age 58 on July 4, 2018, in Willow Bunch.

Ernst W. Hamburger

Ernst Wolfgang Hamburger (8 June 1933 — 4 July 2018) was a German-born Brazilian physicist. Hamburger was known for his activities regarding public understanding of science. He was the director of Estação Ciência, an interactive science museum in São Paulo. He won the UNESCO Kalinga Prize for the Popularization of Science, the José Reis Award for the Divulgation of Science, the medal of the Brazilian Order of Scientific Merit, and was a member of the Brazilian Academy of Sciences.

Hamburger was born in Berlin and died on 4 July 2018, in São Paulo, of lymphoma at the age of 85.

Adamu Ciroma

Adamu Ciroma (20 November 1934 – 5 July 2018) was a Nigerian politician.

Ciroma served as Governor of the Central Bank of Nigeria. He was born in Potiskum, Yobe State. He was a member of the People's Democratic Party.

Ciroma was a founding member of the People's Democratic Party (PDP). He served as Minister of Finance in the government of Olusegun Obasanjo from 1999 to 2003. His wife Maryam Ciroma holds the position of PDP National Women leader in Nigeria.

Neil McDermott

Neil McDermott (born 15 December 1980) is an English stage and television actor. He is best known for portraying Ryan Malloy in the BBC television soap opera, "EastEnders".

McDermott appeared in the 2008 "Doctor Who" episode "The Next Doctor", as well as "Casualty" and "Rosemary and Thyme", amongst others, the feature movies "Goal!" and "Blooded", and various stage productions including "The Sound of Music" in the West End. He trained at the Mountview Academy of Theatre Arts.

Charles B. Reed

Charles Bass Reed (September 29, 1941 – December 6, 2016) was an American educator. He served as Chancellor of the State University System of Florida from 1985 to 1998 and chancellor of the California State University (CSU) system from 1998 to 2012.

Reed died on December 6, 2016 at his home in Tallahassee, Florida at age 75.

New Glarus, Wisconsin

New Glarus is a village in Green County, Wisconsin, United States. It had a population of 2,172 according to the 2010 census. Since 2000, it had a population growth of 2.9 percent.

New Glarus is at the intersection of Wisconsin Highways 69 and 39.

The village, and the town that surrounds it, were named after the canton of Glarus in eastern Switzerland. The community was founded in 1845 by immigrants from that canton and was incorporated in 1901.

Farrah Abraham

Farrah Lynn Abraham (born May 31, 1991) is an American reality television personality and pornography actress. She was born in Omaha, Nebraska, and raised in Council Bluffs, Iowa and Austin, Texas.

Abraham is known for starring in "16 and Pregnant" in 2009, which documented the pregnancies and first months of motherhood for several young women. Later that year she was cast in the spin-off series "Teen Mom", and appeared in each of its four seasons until its conclusion in 2012.

In 2012, she wrote her first memoir "My Teenage Dream Ended". The book made it onto "The New York Times" Best Seller List.

Abraham began starring in sex tapes and pornography videos since 2014.


Caitlin McHugh

Caitlin McHugh (born May 13, 1986) is an American actress, writer and model. She is known for her roles in "I Am Legend" and in the TV series "The Vampire Diaries".

McHugh is signed with Wilhelmina Models. In 2016, she appeared in television commercials for Colgate toothpaste.

On October 23, 2017, McHugh announced her engagement to actor John Stamos after a year of dating. Stamos and McHugh married in February 2018.

Rudolf Kirchschläger

Rudolf Kirchschläger (; 20 March 1915 – 30 March 2000) was an Austrian diplomat, politician and judge. From 1974 to 1986 he was the 8th President of Austria.

Kirchschläger died on 30 March 2000 near Vienna, aged 85.

Bulle

Bulle (, ) is a municipality of the district of Gruyère in the canton of Fribourg in Switzerland. In January 2006 Bulle incorporated the formerly independent municipality of La Tour-de-Trême.


Mehrsa Baradaran

Mehrsa Baradaran (born April 3, 1978) is an Iranian-American law professor. She was born in Orumieh, Iran. She works in banking law at the University of Georgia. Her book "How the Other Half Banks" has received national and international media coverage.

In 2017, Baradaran publicly criticized President Donald Trump and his executive order that allowed an immigration ban.

Novato, California

Novato ( ) is a city in northern Marin County, in the North Bay region of the San Francisco Bay Area, in the U.S. state of California. As of the 2020 census, the population was 53,225. It officially became a city on January 20th, 1960.

Novato is about northwest of San Rafael and about north of San Francisco on U.S. 101. 

The first people to live in the area were the Coast Miwok, who set up several villages in the area. The location of one of them, Olompali, is now a State Historic Park. In the early 1800s, the Mexican government gave the land in the form of grants to various people. The territory became part of the United States, along with the rest of California in 1848. The town stayed rather small until the late 1900s, when the population boomed due to the vast amount of people settling in the area.


Mill Valley, California

Mill Valley is a city of Marin County in the state of California, United States.

It is about north of San Francisco by way of the Golden Gate Bridge. The population was 14,231 at the 2020 census.

Actress and comedian, Eve Arden was born there in 1908.

EA Vancouver

EA Vancouver (formerly known as EA Canada and also known as EA Burnaby) is a video game developer in Burnaby, British Columbia.

Studio is in Burnaby near Vancouver. In the complex there are several buildings where there are a theater, cafes, restaurants and a full-size football pitch. There is also a Motion Capture studio.

The studio was founded in 1982 as Distinctive Software Inc. by Don Mattrick and Jeff Sember. In the late 1980s, Sember sold his shares to Mattrick. In 1991, it was bought by Electronic Arts and changed its name to EA Canada. A year later, 80 people worked for the studio, in 2000 it was already 660, in 2010 it employed 1,300 employees in British Columbia and 2,400 throughout the country.

In 2008, the decommissioned EA Black Box was added to EA Canada, which despite the merger still retained its name.

Shoko Asahara

, born , was a Japanese terrorist. He was the founder of the Japanese doomsday cult group Aum Shinrikyo. Asahara was convicted for being the mastermind behind the 1995 Tokyo subway sarin attack and several other crimes, for which he was sentenced to death in 2004.

In June 2012, his execution was postponed due to further arrests of Aum Shinrikyo members. He was executed by hanging on July 6, 2018.


Tokyo subway sarin attack

The Tokyo subway sarin attack ( was an act of domestic terrorism on 20 March 1995, in Tokyo, Japan, by members of the cult movement Aum Shinrikyo. 13 people were killed. 

The group had already carried out several assassinations and terrorist attacks using sarin, including the Matsumoto sarin attack nine months earlier. They had also produced several other nerve agents, including VX. The cult had attempted to produce botulinum toxin and had perpetrated several failed acts of bioterrorism.

In the raid following the attack, police arrested many senior members of the cult. Police activity continued throughout the summer, eventually arresting over 200 members, including Asahara himself. Thirteen of the senior Aum management have been sentenced to death, with many others given prison sentences up to life. Leader Shoko Asahara was executed in July 2018.

On July 6, 2018, Asahara and six other Aum Shinrikyo members were executed by hanging. Japan's Justice Minister Yōko Kamikawa stated that the crimes "plunged people, not only in Japan but in other countries as well, into deadly fear and shook society to its core". Amnesty International criticized the use of the death penalty. While executions are rare in Japan, they have public support according to surveys. There were 13 members on death row at the time:

Aum Shinrikyo members executed on 6 July 2018:

The six remaining Aum Shinrikyo members were executed on 26 July 2018.


List of political parties in Pakistan

This is a list of political parties in Pakistan.


Jean-Louis Tauran

Jean-Louis Pierre Tauran (; 5 April 1943 – 5 July 2018) was a French cardinal of the Catholic Church. At his death he had been president of the Pontifical Council for Interreligious Dialogue since 2007. 

He was made a cardinal in 2003 and was the Cardinal Protodeacon from 2011 to 2014. He was the Camerlengo of the Holy Roman Church since 20 December 2014 until his death.

Tauran died on 5 July 2018 from complications of Parkinson's disease in Hartford, Connecticut at the age of 75. 


Signal recognition particle

The signal recognition particle (SRP) is a common molecule found in cytoplasm. It is a "ribonucleoprotein" (a protein-RNA complex). It recognizes and targets specific proteins to the endoplasmic reticulum of eukaryotes and the plasma membrane of prokaryotes.

When the SRP-ribosome complex binds to a cell membrane receptor, SRP releases the ribosome and drifts away. The ribosome resumes protein synthesis, but now the protein is moving through the SRP-receptor transmembrane pore. So, SRP directs the movement of proteins within the cell. It binds with a transmembrane pore. This allows the protein to cross the membrane to where it is needed. In eukaryotes, the target is the membrane of the endoplasmic reticulum (ER).

The SRP is 'universally conserved'. That means it is so important that "all living things have it in their cells". Despite this, the actual composition of the SRP varies greatly between organisms.

General Secretary Xi Jinping important speech series

General Secretary Xi Jinping important speech series is a book of the sayings of Xi Jinping, the current General Secretary of the Communist Party of China, published in 2014 and 2016. The book is a collection of quotations taken from Xi Jinping's speeches. The book was written by Party's Publicity Department and published by official People's Publishing House and Study Publishing House. Party's Organization Department ordered to communist staffs and university students must study this book and learn General Secretary's talking spirit.


Counterintelligence

Counterintelligence is an activity to protect a state against spies and other activities of a foreign intelligence service.

It includes "protecting an agency's intelligence program against an opposition's intelligence service". It refers to information gathered and steps taken to counter espionage. Other intelligence activities are taken to prevent sabotage, or assassinations by foreign powers, organizations or persons. Activities are taken against international terrorist groups and personnel. Work is done on physical, document or communications security programs.

Often counterintelligence at home is done by a different department from gathering intelligence abroad. For example, in the United Kingdom, there is a distinction between the Security Service (MI5) and the Special Branch of the Metropolitan Police. Arrests and interrogation is done by Special Branch. Gathering intelligence abroad is done by MI6, the Secret Intelligence Service.

In theory, the USA has a similar division between foreign activities and homeland activities. The Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) is a domestic security service. The CIA has no law enforcement function and does overseas intelligence gathering, with only limited domestic intelligence collection. In practice, the set-up is much more complex, and ever-changing. For one thing, the career of James Angleton and also the Watergate scandal shows how the CIA has been involved in mainland USA. The addition of the United States Department of Homeland Security was a recognition that the United States was itself a potential target of attack by its various enemies.

Russia may have been the first country to set up an official counterintelligence organisation: the Okhrana was set up in 1880. Its title 'Department for Protecting the Public Security and Order'. sounds very modern. There was an even earlier Russian security department called the 'Department on Protecting the Order and Public Peace'. It was founded in 1866. It would be fair to say that these Russian organisations were not directed towards foreign intelligence services, but against internal threats to public order. They were part of the MVD (Ministry of the Interior).

Minicomputer

A minicomputer is a type of computer that possesses most of the features and capabilities of a large computer but is smaller in physical size.

A minicomputer fills the space between the mainframe and microcomputer, and is smaller than the former but larger than the latter. It also has a computer terminal to operate the computer.

Minicomputers are mainly used as small or mid-range servers operating business and scientific applications. However, the use of the term minicomputer has diminished and has merged with servers.

A minicomputer may also be called a mid-range computer.

Office of Strategic Services

The Office of Strategic Services (OSS) was a wartime intelligence agency of the United States during World War II. It was the predecessor of the modern Central Intelligence Agency (CIA). 

Karl Schlechta

Karl Schlechta (28 January 1922 – 5 September 2016) was an Austrian football player and coach.

He played for Austria Wien, Sturm Graz and Rapid Wien.

Schlechta died on 5 September 2016 at the age of 94.


Hilmar Thate

Hilmar Otto Thate (17 April 1931 – 14 September 2016) was a German actor. He appeared in 40 movies and television shows between 1955 and 2016. Thate was born in Dölau, Saalkreis, Germany.

He was known for his role as Robert Krohn in the 1982 movie "Veronika Voss".

Thate died on 14 September 2016 in Berlin at the age of 85.

Julius Malema

Julius Malema is a South African Politician who serves as Leader of the Economic Freedom Fighters (EFF).

Gunnar Sandgren

Gunnar Ernst Algot Sandgren (27 June 1929 – 4 November 2016) was a Swedish novelist and playwright. He made his literary debut in 1960, with the novel "Förklaringsberget". He later wrote a series of historical novels. He was awarded the Dobloug Prize in 1981.

Sandgren died on 4 November 2016 at the age of 87.

Larkspur, California

Larkspur is a city in Marin County in the state of California, United States. As of the 2020 census, the city's population was 13,064.

It is about south of San Rafael.

Belvedere, California

Belvedere is a small city in Marin County in the state of California, United States. It has no shops or restaurants. The population was 2,126 at the 2020 census.

It is about northeast of Sausalito.

Sausalito, California

Sausalito is a city in Marin County, California. The population was 7,269 as of the 2020 census.

Sausalito is about south-southeast of San Rafael, 4 miles (7 km) north of San Francisco.

Corte Madera, California

Corte Madera (; formerly Adams) is an incorporated town in Marin County, California, United States. The population was 10,222 at the 2020 census.

Corte Madera is about south of San Rafael.

In Spanish, Corte Madera means "chopped wood". The area was famous for producing lumber out of redwood trees which went into the construction of the city of San Francisco.


Fairfax, California

Fairfax is an incorporated town in Marin County, California, United States. The population was 7,605 at the 2020 census.

Fairfax is about west-northwest of San Rafael.

It consists mostly of hills and valleys.

San Anselmo, California

San Anselmo is an incorporated town in Marin County, California, United States. The population was 12,830 at the 2020 census.

San Anselmo is about west of San Rafael, and about north of San Francisco. The town is bordered by San Rafael to the east, Fairfax to the west, and Ross to the south. Mount Tamalpais dominates the view to the south.

Strawberry, Marin County, California

Strawberry is a census-designated place (CDP) and an unincorporated district of Marin County, California, United States. There were 5,447 people living in Strawberry at the 2020 census.

François Budet

François Budet (3 October 1940 – 5 July 2018) was a French singer-songwriter, novelist and poet. He was known for his songs "Loguivy-de-la-mer", "" and "Calédonie". He was born in Plaine-Haute, Côtes-d'Armor.

Budet died on 5 July 2018 in Plaine-Haute, Côtes-d'Armor from a stroke, aged 78.

Amos Cardarelli

Amos Cardarelli (6 March 1930 – 1 July 2018) was an Italian professional footballer. He played as a defender. Cardarelli was born in Monterotondo, Italy. He played for Roma (1950–1957), Udinese (1957–1958), Internazionale (1958–1960), Lecco (1960–1962) and for Tevere Roma (1962–1963).

Cardarelli died on 1 July 2018 in Rome at the age of 86.

El Dorado, Kansas

El Dorado ( ) is city and county seat of Butler County, Kansas, United States. It is along the Walnut River in central Butler County in south-central Kansas. As of the 2020 census, the city population was 12,870.

Lawrence Irving Wilde

Lawrence Irving Wilde (born Yuri Boguinia, April 5, 1991), is an American composer. He studied music at the Juilliard School and Princeton University. He has worked with ensembles such as the Kronos  Quartet, Eighth Blackbird, JACK Quartet, ÆON Music Ensemble ,  Sō Percussion, Tesla Quartet, Aspen Music Festival Orchestra, Moscow String Quartet , Ensemble Mise-En, Juilliard Orchestra and others. In 2013 Wilde became "one of the youngest composers ever commissioned by Kronos".

Wilde completed his undergraduate studies at the Juilliard School where he worked with Samuel Adler and Christopher Rouse. Wilde went on to do a PhD at Princeton University where he worked with Steven Mackey, Dmitri Tymoczko and Dan Trueman. In 2015 Wilde was named a Bang on a Can Summer Festival Fellow and worked with composers David Lang, Julia Wolfe and Michael Gordon at MASS MOCA.

Gas turbine locomotive

A gas turbine locomotive is a type of railway locomotive in which the prime mover is a gas turbine. Several types of gas turbine locomotive have been developed. Some have had mechanical transmission. Others have had electric transmission.

Newton-le-Willows

Newton-le-Willows is a market town in the Metropolitan Borough of St Helens, Merseyside, England. It was historically part of Lancashire. It is midway between Liverpool and Manchester, about 15 miles (24 km) from each. It is east of St Helens, north of Warrington and south of Wigan. The population at the 2011 census was 22,114.

Vulcan Foundry

The Vulcan Foundry was a British locomotive builder sited at Newton-le-Willows, Lancashire. It opened in 1832 as Charles Tayleur and Company to produce girders for bridges, switches, crossings and other ironwork after the opening of the Liverpool and Manchester Railway. In 1832, Robert Stephenson (son of George Stephenson) became a partner. The company became The Vulcan Foundry Company in 1847 and acquired limited liability in 1864. From the beginning of 1898, the name changed to The Vulcan Foundry Limited, dropping the word 'company'. In 1957, the business became part of the English Electric group. 

Cepheus

Cepheus (Ancient Greek: Κηφεύς "Kepheús") may refer to:






Reynolds Building

The Reynolds Building is a 21-floor apartment building in Winston-Salem, North Carolina. It was originally built in 1929 as an office building for the R. J. Reynolds Tobacco Company. The much larger Empire State Building in New York City is based on the design of the Reynolds Building.

KY Cygni

KY Cygni is a red star in the Cygnus constellation. It is one of the largest stars known and with a radius about . If it was placed at the center of the Solar System, it would extend past the orbit of Jupiter (or Saturn). It is also one of the most luminous stars, with about 300,000 or more times the Sun's luminosity. It is about 5,000 light-years away.

Len Carlson

Len Carlson (September 2, 1937 – January 26, 2006) was a Canadian voice actor on many animated television series from the 1980s onward, an occasional live-action TV actor, and a Kraft Canada TV pitchman during the 1980s. He was a native of Edmonton and a former professional athlete.

He was the voice of Big Boss, Sundown and Mace on "C.O.P.S.", Ganon on "The Legend of Zelda", Senator Robert Kelly (and the Supreme Intelligence) on "X-Men" (1992), Bert Raccoon in "The Raccoons", Putter from "Popples" (and a voice director for the show from 1990 onwards), Mr. Frumble in "The Busy World of Richard Scarry", Professor Coldheart in the early "Care Bears" series by DiC Entertainment, and "Rocket Robin Hood" in some of the third-season episodes. He was also the voice of Allo and Quackpot on the TV series, "Dinosaucers" and he was the original voice of the Green Goblin in "Spider-Man the original series" (1967) and the voice of Buzz in the show "Cyberchase" (2002). Also, he was the voice of Sterling Überbucks, his brother Carling, his great grandfather Sterling Überrucks and his nephew Stewie on "Roboroach" (2002) and the title character in the short-lived "Swamp Thing" (1991) animated series.

He also voiced all the male characters in two animated 1970s series ("The Undersea Adventures of Captain Nemo" and "The Toothbrush Family"), was the voice of Ace the Seagull and Sharkey Shark in the children's TV series "The Waterville Gang" and did voices for movies including "The Nutcracker Prince", "", both "Rolie Polie Olie" movies ("The Baby Bot Chase" and "The Great Defender of Fun"), and reindeer voices in the live-action feature "Blizzard".

In his last years, Carlson was a regular on Nelvana-produced shows such as "Rolie Polie Olie", "Cyberchase", "Pecola", "Donkey Kong Country", "Medabots", "Beetlejuice", and "Beyblade" as the main antagonist Gideon (season two). Most recently, he appeared in the French-Canadian co-production "Atomic Betty", voiced the characters Hugo and Q in the video game "Street Fighter III 3rd Strike" and narrated the animated bible TV series "Friends and Heroes". He also voiced Herc Stormsailor in the 1980s show "Jayce and the Wheeled Warriors" and The Big Boss in COPS.

Carlson died of a heart attack in Keswick, Ontario at the age of 68, in January 26, 2006.


Sanchi

Sanchi Stupa is a memorial built in the state of Madhya Pradesh in the city of Sanchi in India. It is located north-east of Bhopal, capital of Madhya Pradesh. The Great Stupa at Sanchi is one of the oldest stone structures in India. It is an important monument of Indian Architecture. The emperor Ashoka ordered it to be built,in the 3rd century BCE. Its center was a simple dome-like brick structure built over the relics of the Buddha. It was crowned by the "chatra", a parasol-like structure symbolising high rank. This structure was intended to honour and shelter the relics. The original construction work of this stupa was overseen by Ashoka, whose wife Devi was the daughter of a merchant of nearby Vidisha. Sanchi was Devi's birthplace as well as the place of her wedding with Ashoka. In the 1st century BCE, four elaborately carved toranas (ornamental gateways) and a balustrade encircling the entire structure were added. The Sanchi Stupa built during Mauryan period was made of bricks. The composite flourished until the 11th century.

Sanchi is the center of a region with a number of stupas including Satdhara (17 km from Sanchi, 40 stupas, the Relics of Sariputra and Mahamoggallana, now enshrined in the new Vihara, were unearthed there), Morel Khurd (on a fortified hilltop with 60 stupas), Andher (17 km NE of Vidisha), Mawas, Sonari etc. all very close to Sanchi.

Roundabout

A roundabout (also known as a traffic island) is a road circle joining three or more roads. Drivers follow a simple rule to avoid crashes. 

In countries that drive on the left:
The driver goes round the island in a "clockwise" direction.

In countries that drive on the right:
The driver goes round the island in an "anticlockwise" direction.

There are larger roundabouts that can have two to six lanes and can have traffic lights. These can sometimes be found at motorway junctions.

The term "gyratory" (for example, Hanger Lane gyratory) is sometimes used in the United Kingdom for a larger roundabout with unusual features.

China Railway

China Railway, commonly known as CR, full name China Railway Corporation, undertakes railway passenger and freight transport services in the People's Republic of China. It is a state-owned industrial enterprise established under the "Law of the People's Republic of China on All-Ownership Industrial Enterprises." The Ministry of Finance acts on behalf of the State Council to perform the duties of investors. China Railway operates passenger and freight transport through 21 companies.

List of FIFA World Cup finals

The World Cup final match is the last of the competition, and the result determines which country will be the world champions. If after 90 minutes of normal play the score is a draw, an additional 30-minutes, called extra time, is added. If the game is still tied after extra time, it is then decided by a penalty shoot-out. The team winning the penalty shoot-out are then declared champions. In the 21 tournaments held, 79 nations have appeared at least once. Of these, 13 have made it to the final match, and eight have won. Brazil have won the most titles with five and are also the only nation to have taken part in every World Cup finals tournament. Italy and Germany have four titles. Current champion France, along with past champions Uruguay and Argentina, have two titles each, while England and Spain have one each. The team that wins the finals receive the FIFA World Cup Trophy, and their name is engraved on the bottom side of the trophy.

The 1970 and 1994, together with the 1986, 1990 and 2014 games are to date the only matches competed by the same teams (Brazil–Italy and Argentina–Germany). As of 2018, the 1934 final remains the only finals to have been between two teams playing their first final. The final match of the most recent tournament in Russia took place at the country's biggest sports complex, the Luzhniki Stadium in Moscow. The 1930 and the 1966 games are the only ones that did not take place on a Sunday. The former did on a Wednesday and the latter on a Saturday. As of 2022, only nations from Europe and South America have competed in a World Cup final. Six nations have won the final as host: Uruguay, Italy, England, Germany, Argentina and France. Two nations have lost the final as host: Brazil and Sweden.

General

Specific

Bengali script

The Bengali script or Bengali alphabet is used to write the Indian languages: Bengali (বাংলা), Assamese (অসমীয়া).

Alcubierre drive

The Alcubierre drive or Alcubierre warp drive is an idea for a faster-than-light travel engine. The Mexican theoretical physicist Miguel Alcubierre created this idea using Albert Einstein's field equations in general relativity. The main principle of this idea is by creating an energy-density field lower than that of a vacuum (that is, negative mass) to make the space in front of the ship contract and the space behind the ship expand. In theory, this would create a bubble in space-time around the craft, allowing it to stay still while the space around it moves. This would effectively avoid breaking Einstein's rule that no object in our universe may go as fast or faster than the speed of light, while still allowing an object to go to another very distant part of space much faster than light.

Ali Qanso

Ali Khalil Kanso (1948 – 4 July 2018) was a Lebanese politician. He was Minister of State for Parliamentary Affairs in the second cabinet of Saad Hariri. He was the president of the Syrian Social Nationalist Party and he served as minister of state in Najib Mikati government and minister of labor in the cabinet of Rafik Hariri. He was born in Doueir.

Qanso died of cancer on 4 July 2018 at the age of 70.

Last Week Tonight with John Oliver

Last Week Tonight with John Oliver is an American late-night talk and news comedy television program hosted by comedian John Oliver.

The half-hour-long show premiered on Sunday, April 27, 2014, on HBO. "Last Week Tonight" is like Comedy Central's "The Daily Show" as it takes a satirical look at news, politics and current events, but on a weekly basis.

In September 2017, HBO announced that the show had been renewed for three additional seasons of 30 episodes each, keeping the show on the air through 2020. The fifth season premiered on February 18, 2018.

Vlatko Ilievski

Vlatko Ilievski (; 2 July 1985 – 6 July 2018) was a Macedonian pop rock singer and actor. He was the runner-up to be the Macedonian entry for the Eurovision Song Contest 2010 and represented Macedonia in the Eurovision Song Contest 2011 with the song "Rusinka".

Ilievski died on the night of 6 July 2018 when his body was found in his automobile on the street "Third Macedonian Brigade" in Skopje, aged 33.

William Dunlop (motorcyclist)

William Dunlop (23 July 1985 – 7 July 2018) was a Northern Irish professional motorcycle racer. He was part of a motorcycle racing dynasty. Dunlop was the elder brother of Michael. His best results at the Isle of Man TT saw him securing two second place finishes, the last being in the 2016 TT Zero.

Until late 2015, Dunlop had raced for Tyco BMW Motorrad Racing campaigning the BMW S1000RR and a Suzuki GSX-R600. The 2016 season saw him competing at the main International Road Races aboard Yamaha YZF-R1 and Yamaha YZF-R6 in the Superbike and Supersport categories.

Dunlop was killed in a motorcyle crash during practice at the 2018 Skerries 100 Road Races in County Dublin, aged 32.


Tyler Honeycutt

Tyler Deon Honeycutt (July 15, 1990 – July 7, 2018) was an American professional basketball player. He was born in Los Angeles, California.

Honeycutt played college basketball for the UCLA Bruins. Honeycutt was selected by the Sacramento Kings in the second round of the 2011 NBA draft. He played for the Kings for two seasons and in 2013 moved to Europe, where he played for EuroLeague clubs Khimki and Anadolu Efes.

On the night of July 6, 2018, Honeycutt's mother called the police and reported that Honeycutt had been acting violently. When police arrived they found that he had blocked the entrance to his Sherman Oaks home before shooting at them. He was later found dead, aged 27, inside the house after shooting himself.


Rigoberta Menchú

Rigoberta Menchú Tum (; born 9 January 1959) is a Guatemalan political and human rights activist. Menchú is known for her life to publicizing the rights of Guatemala's indigenous feminists during and after the Guatemalan Civil War (1960–1996), and to promoting indigenous rights in the country.

She received the Nobel Peace Prize in 1992 and the Prince of Asturias Award in 1998. Menchú is a UNESCO Goodwill Ambassador. She has also become a figure in indigenous political parties and ran for President of Guatemala in 2007 and 2011.


Jim Morrison (ice hockey)

James Stewart Hunter Morrison (born October 11, 1931) is a Canadian-American retired professional ice hockey defenceman, coach and scout. He was born in Montreal, Quebec. He played 704 National Hockey League games for the Boston Bruins, Toronto Maple Leafs, Detroit Red Wings, New York Rangers and Pittsburgh Penguins.

Hacène Lalmas

Hacène Lalmas (12 March 1943 – 7 July 2018) was an Algerian footballer. He played as a midfielder and was nicknamed El Kebch (The Ram). Lalmas was born in Algiers, Algeria. He played for OM Ruisseau from 1954 to 1962, CR Belouizdad from 1962 to 1973, NA Hussein Dey from 1973 to 1975 and for Algeria national football team from 1963 to 1974.

Lalmas died in Algiers on 7 July 2018 from an aortic dissection at the age of 75.

Although he started his career with OM Ruisseau, Lalmas played most of his career for CR Belouizdad and it was with CRB. He led the club to four league titles, three cup titles and three Maghreb Champions Cup titles.

CR Belouizdad
Individual


Levko Lukyanenko

Levko Hryhorovych Lukyanenko (, sometimes written as Levko Lukianenko, 24 August 1928 – 7 July 2018) was a Ukrainian politician and Soviet dissident. He was Hero of Ukraine. He was one of the founders of Ukrainian Helsinki Group in 1976 and was elected a leader of the revived Ukrainian Helsinki Group, Ukrainian Helsinki Association, in 1988.

Lukyanenko served as the People's Deputy of Ukraine from 1990 to 1992 and as Ambassador to Canada from 1992 to 1993. In 1991, he ran for President of Ukraine.

Lukyanenko died in a Kyiv hospital on 7 July 2018 from complications of pneumonia, aged 89.


Henry Louis Gates Jr.

Henry Louis "Skip" Gates Jr. (born September 16, 1950) is an American literary critic, teacher, historian, filmmaker and public intellectual. He currently serves as the Alphonse Fletcher University Professor and Director of the Hutchins Center for African and African American Research at Harvard University. Gates has been host for four seasons of the series "Finding Your Roots" on PBS.


Keyser, West Virginia

Keyser () is a city in and the county seat of Mineral County, West Virginia, United States. The population was 4,864 at the 2020 census.

Cottageville, South Carolina

Cottageville is a town in Colleton County, South Carolina, United States. The population was 701 at the 2020 census.

According to the United States Census Bureau, Cottageville has a total area of , all land.

2018–19 Russian Premier League

The 2018–19 Russian Premier League (Russian: Чемпионат России по футболу 2018/2019, "Chempionat Rossii po futbolu 2018/2019") will be the 17th Russian Premier League season, and the 27th top division football tournament. It will be played from 29 July 2018 to 26 May 2019. Lokomotiv Moscow are the defending champions.

12 goals


9 goals


8 goals



FC Yenisey Krasnoyarsk

FC Yenisey Krasnoyarsk (Russian: ФК Енисей Красноярск) is a football club from Krasnoyarsk, Russia. The team currently plays in the Russian Premier League. The club was founded in 1937 as "Lokomotiv Krasnoyarsk".

They currently play at the Central Stadium, which has a capacity of around 22,500 people.

The current head coach is Dmitri Alenichev.

Yenisey Krasnoyarsk was promoted to the Russian Premier League after defeating Anzhi Makhachkala in the relegation play-offs. This is the first time the club will play in the Russian Premier League.


Pumpuang Duangjan

Pumpuang Duangjan () (-) was a superstar singer from Thailand. She born in the poor farmers, Pumpuang had only two years of primary education before her family's plight forced her to take to the fields as a sugar cane cutter. Although illiterate, she was adept at memorising lyrics and participated in many local singing competitions. At age 15, she came to the notice of a visiting band, and from the late 1970s onwards her fame skyrocketed.

She died by Lupus in June 13, 1992, age 30 years.



UEFA Euro 2024

The 2024 UEFA European Football Championship, also known as UEFA Euro 2024 or simply Euro 2024, will be the 17th edition of the UEFA European Championship. Germany will host the tournament. It is scheduled from 14 June to 14 July 2024.
It would be the third time that the matches are played on German territory and the second time in reunified Germany. The former West Germany hosted the tournament of 1988. Four matches of the multi-national Euro 2020 were played in Munich.

However, it would be the first time the match is held in the former East Germany with Leipzig as a host city.

Italy are the defending champions going into the tournament. They have beaten England on penalties in the 2020 final.

On 8 March 2017, UEFA announced that only two countries, Germany and Turkey, had announced their intentions to host the tournament before the deadline of 3 March 2017.

The host was selected on 27 September 2018 in Nyon, Switzerland.

The UEFA Executive Committee voted for the host in a secret ballot, with only a simple majority (more than half of the valid votes) required to determine the host. In the event of a tie, the UEFA President would cast the decisive vote. Of the twenty members of the Executive Committee, two were ineligible to vote and one was not there, leaving a total of seventeen voting members.

As hosts, Germany qualified for the tournament automatically. The 23 remaining spots will be determined through qualifying, with the group stage taking place from March to November 2023, and the play-offs linked with the 2022–23 UEFA Nations League in March 2024. The qualifying draw is expected to take place in Hamburg in December 2022.

Germany had a wide choice of stadia that satisfied UEFA's minimum capacity requirement of 30,000 seats for European Championship matches.

Nine venues used at the 2006 FIFA World Cup were selected: Berlin, Dortmund, Munich, Cologne, Stuttgart, Hamburg, Leipzig, Frankfurt and Gelsenkirchen. Düsseldorf, which was not used in 2006 but had previously been used for the 1974 FIFA World Cup and UEFA Euro 1988, will serve as a 10th venue; conversely, Hanover, Nuremberg and Kaiserslautern, host cities in 2006, will not be used for this championship.

Many other stadiums, such as those in Bremen and Mönchengladbach were not selected. The venues covered all the main regions of Germany, but the area with the highest number of venues at UEFA Euro 2024 is the Rhine-Ruhr metropolitan region in the state of North Rhine-Westphalia, with four of the 10 host cities (Dortmund, Düsseldorf, Gelsenkirchen and Cologne).

The final tournament draw will take place in December 2023 at the "Elbphilharmonie" in Hamburg. The format used in 2016 and 2020 will be used again.

The International Broadcast Centre (IBC) will be located at the halls of the Leipzig Trade Fair in Leipzig, Germany.

2015 Canadian federal election

The 2015 Canadian federal election (formally the 42nd Canadian general election) was held on October 19, 2015, to elect members to the House of Commons of the 42nd Canadian Parliament and the Prime Minister of Canada. The 2015 election were issued by Governor General David Johnston on August 4. 

The election was one of the longest in Canadian history. It was also the first time since the 1979 election that a Prime Minister attempted to remain in office into a fourth consecutive Parliament and the first time since the 1980 election that someone attempted to win a fourth term of any kind as Prime Minister.

The Liberal Party, led by Justin Trudeau, won 184 seats, allowing it to form a majority government with Trudeau becoming the next Prime Minister. Trudeau was sworn in on November 4, 2015.

Thomas Mulcair

Thomas Joseph Mulcair (born October 24, 1954) is a Canadian-French politician. He was the leader of the New Democratic Party of Canada from 2012 to 2017. He is a Member of Parliament for the riding of Outremont in Quebec from 2007-2018. He was selected as the leader of the NDP at a leadership election on March 24, 2012, on the fourth ballot. He then was Leader of the Official Opposition until the NDP lost just over half of its seats in the 2015 federal election. Following the election, a leadership review was held and Mulcair lost it, and was replaced by Jagmeet Singh. He then resigned his seat as Member of Parliament in August 2018. 

2026 FIFA World Cup

The 2026 FIFA World Cup, also called FIFA World Cup 26, will be the 23rd edition. It takes place from June to July 19, 2026, hosted by 16 cities in Canada, Mexico, and the United States – the first World Cup with three hosts. Argentina is the current champion. This tournament includes 48 teams, up from 32, and was won by the United States over Morocco. It's the first multi-nation World Cup since 2002. Mexico has hosted twice before, while it's Canada's first time. The event returns to its traditional summer schedule, unlike the 2022 World Cup in Qatar held in November and December.

The United Bid expected all three host countries to get automatic World Cup spots. FIFA President Gianni Infantino confirmed this on August 31, 2022, with Canada, Mexico, and the United States securing spots as hosts. The FIFA Council officially confirmed this on February 14, 2023. Before the 67th FIFA Congress, the FIFA Council met in Manama, Bahrain, and approved the slot allocation. This includes a playoff tournament with six teams to decide the final two World Cup spots.

In the playoffs, there will be one team from each confederation except UEFA, and an extra team from the host countries' confederation, CONCACAF. Two seeded teams (based on World Rankings) will face off against the winners of two knockout games between the unseeded teams. These matches will take place in one or more of the host countries and serve as a test event for the World Cup. This allocation also ensures that the Oceania Football Confederation (OFC) gets a guaranteed spot in the tournament for the first time. So, the 2026 FIFA World Cup will be the first where all six confederations have at least one guaranteed spot, and all continents will have teams in the finals for the first time since 2010.

CONCACAF (3)


Gilles Duceppe

Gilles Duceppe (; born July 22, 1947) is a Canadian politician. He was leader of the Québec sovereignty movement and former leader of the Bloc Québécois. He was a Member of Parliament in the House of Commons of Canada for over 20 years and has been the leader of the sovereigntist Bloc Québécois for 15 years in three stints: 1996, 1997-2011 and in 2015.

He resigned as party leader after the 2011 election, in which he lost his own seat to New Democratic Party (NDP) candidate Hélène Laverdière and his party suffered a heavy defeat; however, he returned four years later to lead the party into the 2015 election. After being defeated in his own riding by Laverdière again, he resigned once more.

Elizabeth May

Elizabeth Evans May (born June 9, 1954) is an American-born Canadian politician. May was leader of the Green Party of Canada and Member of Parliament for Saanich—Gulf Islands. She is an environmentalist, author, activist, and lawyer, May served as the Executive Director of the Sierra Club of Canada from 1989 to 2006.

On May 2, 2011, she became the first member of the Green Party of Canada to be elected as a Member of Parliament.

May ran for re-election in the 2015 federal election in the riding of Saanich–Gulf Islands and was successful in regaining her seat in Parliament. After the 2015 election, she was the only Green Party member in the House of Commons. This changed on May 6, 2019, when Paul Manly was elected. Manly became the second Green Party member in the House of Commons.

After the 2019 Canadian federal election, May said she was going to stop being the leader of the Green Party.

2019 Canadian federal election

The 2019 Canadian federal election (formally the 43rd Canadian general election) took place on October 21, 2019.

Notes

Andrew Scheer

Andrew James Scheer (born May 20, 1979) is a Canadian politician. He was the Member of Parliament (MP) for the riding of Regina—Qu'Appelle since 2004. Between 2017 and 2020, he was the Leader of the Conservative Party and Leader of the Official Opposition.

Scheer was selected to the riding of Regina—Qu'Appelle at the age of 25. Scheer was reelected in 2006, 2008 and 2011 before becoming the Speaker of the House of Commons at age 32, making him the youngest Speaker in the chamber's history. 

On September 28, 2016, Scheer announced his bid for the leadership of the Conservative Party, running under the slogan “Real conservative. Real leader.” He won the leadership position on May 27, 2017.

On 12 December 2019, Scheer announced he would be resigning as the leader of the Conservative Party effective upon the election of a new one.

Scheer was elected for the first time in the 2004 election. He was elected in the riding of Regina—Qu'Appelle for the Conservative Party. With that election, he beat the New Democratic Party MP Lorne Lystrom. He won by over 800 votes. He was elected again in the 2006 election. He beat Lystrom again by 2740 votes.

Mario Beaulieu

Mario Beaulieu (; born 1959) is a Québécois nationalist. He was the interim leader (until 2019), president (2014–2019) and was also leader (2014–2015) of the Bloc Québécois. He was the president of the sovereigntist Société Saint-Jean-Baptiste of Montreal from 2009 to 2014, and has been the spokesman for the Mouvement Québec français.

Rhéal Fortin

Rhéal Éloi Fortin () is a Canadian lawyer and politician. He is the spokesperson of the Groupe parlementaire québécois in the House of Commons of Canada. He served as interim leader of the Bloc Québécois after the resignation of leader Gilles Duceppe until the next leader, Martine Ouellet was named on March 18, 2017.

Fortin was named interim leader of the Bloc Québécois on October 22, 2015 following the resignation of Gilles Duceppe as leader after Duceppe was unable to win his seat in the October 19, 2015 federal election.

Wahbi Khazri

Wahbi Khazri (; born 8 February 1991 in Ajaccio) is a Tunisian professional football player who currently plays for Sunderland and the Tunisia national team. He plays as a midfielder and a winger.

He has also played for SC Bastia, Girondins de Bordeaux, and Stade Rennais. He played in the 2018 FIFA World Cup for Tunisia, and he scored two goals.


Québec debout

Québec debout (Translation: "Quebec Standing Up, or Quebec Stand Up"), formerly the Groupe parlementaire québécois (Translation: "Quebec Parliamentary Group") is a Quebec-based parliamentary group in the House of Commons of Canada that is in the process of registering as a political party. The group does not have a party leader but named Rhéal Fortin as its spokesperson on March 21, 2018.

The "Groupe parlementaire québécois" was formed on February 28, 2018 by seven Members of Parliament (MPs) who resigned from the caucus of the Bloc Québécois (BQ) due to their opposition to the leadership of Martine Ouellet.

In September 2018, Rheal Fortin and the rest of Quebec Debout rejoined the Bloc Quebecois. 

2016 Austrian presidential election

Presidential elections were held in Austria on 24 April 2016, with a second round run-off on 22 May 2016. However, the results of the second round were annulled and a re-vote took place on 4 December 2016.

The President of Austria is directly elected by the people once every six years. The election is held under a two-round system; if no candidate receives more than 50% of votes cast in the first round, then a second ballot occurs in which only those two candidates who received the greatest number of votes in the first round may stand. 

Incumbent President Heinz Fischer had served two terms and was not eligible to be elected for a third successive term. 

In the first round of the election, Norbert Hofer of the Freedom Party of Austria (FPÖ) received the most votes. Alexander Van der Bellen, a member of the Austrian Greens ran as an independent, placed second. Since no candidate received a majority of the vote, Hofer and Van der Bellen went head-to-head in the second round in May. This was the first time since World War II that an Austrian president had not been backed by either the People's or the Social Democratic party. During the run-off, Van der Bellen defeated Hofer on 23 May 2016 after the postal ballots had been counted.

On 22 July, the results of the second round of voting were annulled after the results in 20 of the 117 administrative districts were challenged, and the Constitutional Court of Austria found that Austrian electoral law had been disregarded in 14 of them. The Court found that over 77,900 absentee votes were counted too early, however without any signs of votes having been cheated. The second round re-vote was planned on 2 October, but was postponed to 4 December 2016.

Van der Bellen ultimately won the second round re-vote with 53.8% of the vote and a voter turnout of 74.2%. Hofer announced his defeat in the race to Van der Bellen when the result had become apparent shortly after polls closed. Van der Bellen was sworn in as the twelfth president of Austria on 26 January 2017.

Norbert Hofer

Norbert Gerwald Hofer (; born 2 March 1971) is an Austrian politician. He is a member of the Freedom Party (FPÖ) and since 18 December 2017. He was the Third President of the National Council from 2013 to 2017.

Hofer was a candidate for President of Austria in the 2016 election. He received the plurality of votes, 35% as opposed to 21% of rival Alexander Van der Bellen, in the first round. The much closer results of the second round of voting (49.7%/50.3%) were annulled by the Constitutional Court due to voting irregularities affecting nearly 78,000 votes, requiring the election to be re-held. In the re-run on 4 December 2016 he received 46% of the vote and lost the election to Van der Bellen.

Russian Women's Football Championship

The Russian Women's Football Championship (Russian: Чемпионат России по футболу среди женщин, "Chempionat Rossii po Futbolu credi zhenshchin") is the women's top division football league in Russia. The current champions are Zvezda Perm. Zvezda Perm has also won the most titles. The tournament was created in 1992.

Below is a list of all the clubs that are playing in the 2018 season.

Below is a table showing the overall results of all the teams.



2016 Spanish general election

The 2016 Spanish general election was held on Sunday, 26 June 2016, to elect the 12th Cortes Generales of the Kingdom of Spain. All 350 seats in the Congress of Deputies were up for election, as well as 208 of 266 seats in the Senate.

Opinion polling going into the election predicted a growing polarisation between this alliance and the People's Party (PP), which would be fighting to maintain first place nationally.

In the end, the alliance suffered a surprise decline in votes and vote share compared to the previous election, while the PP increased its number of votes and seats. The Spanish Socialist Workers' Party (PSOE), while clinging on to second place, kept losing votes and seats and scored a new historical low.

Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy was re-elected as Prime Minister for a second term in office on 29 October amid public outcry and protest.

Pablo Iglesias Turrión

Pablo Manuel Iglesias Turrión, known as either Pablo Iglesias or Pablo Iglesias Turrión (; born 17 October 1978) is a Spanish politician. He was the Secretary-General of political party Podemos from 2014 to 2021.

He was a lecturer in political science at the Complutense University of Madrid. He was elected to the European Parliament in the 2014 elections as the leading candidate of the newly formed party Podemos, along with four other members of his party.

Iglesias hosts the internet programs "La Tuerka" and "Fort Apache", and appears in Spanish political TV shows.

On 27 October 2015 he resigned his seat in the European Parliament in order to focus on the campaign for the 2015 Spanish general election and Spanish general election, 2016.

He was vicepresident of Spanish government from January, 2020 to March, 2021. He resigned to be candidate in the 2021 elections of Madrid. He had bad results in said elections and he resigned from all political charges.

Albert Rivera

Alberto Carlos Rivera Díaz (born 15 November 1979) is a Spanish lawyer and politician. He was the leader of Citizens from July 2006 to November 2019. He placed fourth in the 2016 general election. He was a member of the Congress of Deputies and a former member of the Parliament of Catalonia.

Gabriel Rufián

Gabriel Rufián Romero (born 8 February 1982) is a Spanish politician and activist. In the Spanish general election, 2015 and 2016 he led the Republican Left of Catalonia, a pro-independence electoral party. He is also a member of the secretariat of the Assemblea Nacional Catalana and a member of Súmate, two other pro-independence groups.

In the 2016 general election, he was elected to the Congress of Deputies for the constituency of Barcelona. The presence of Rufián in the ERC list has been suggested to be a case of tokenism.

Francesc Homs Molist

Francesc Homs Molist (born 5 September 1969) is a Spanish politician. He was born in Barcelona. He served as Minister of the Presidency and Spokesperson of the Government of Catalonia. He ran in the 2016 general election, but came in last place.

He was a member of the Parliament of Catalonia from 2003 to 2010. He was writer of the draft of the new Statute of Catalonia on behalf of Convergència i Unió (CiU), and speaker of the new Statute (2006).

Tham Luang cave rescue

The Tham Luang cave rescue involved the rescue of twelve boys aged 11 to 16 and a 25-year-old man who became stranded in Tham Luang Nang Non (; "Great Cave of the Sleeping Lady"), a cave in Thailand's Chiang Rai Province on 23 June 2018. Heavy rains flooded the cave during their visit. The boys – all members of a local association football team – and their assistant coach were reported missing a few hours later, and search operations began immediately.

The rescue effort expanded into a massive operation. After struggles through narrow passages and muddy waters, British divers discovered the missing people, all alive, on an elevated rock about from the cave mouth, on 2 July, over nine days after they went missing. To leave the cave, they may need to learn to dive or wait months for the floodwater to drop in a few months

Over 1,000 people have been involved in the rescue operation, including Thai Navy Seals as well as volunteers, teams and technical assistance from multiple countries A 38-year-old former Thai Navy Seal died while attempting to return after delivering supplies of air to the cave on 5 July.

Aftermath: the captain of the football team died in 2023; As of 2023, he had a head injury.

Smart casual

Smart casual is a dress code that is neat yet casual. Oxford defines it as "neat, conventional, yet relatively informal in style, especially as worn to conform to a particular dress code". "Business casual" is another similar term. It suggests some formality, not really casual in fact.

Different localities, kinds of events, contexts, or cultures have varying interpretations of the dress code.


2018 Russian Women's Football Championship

The 2018 Russian Women's Football Championship (Russian: Чемпионат России по футболу среди женщин 2018) is the 27th Russian Women's Football Championship season. It is being played from 21 April 2018 to 23 October 2018. The defending champions are Zvezda Perm.

7 goals


6 goals


4 goals


Zvezda-2005 Perm

Zvezda-2005 Perm (Russian: Звезда-2005 Пермь) is a professional women's football club from Perm, Russia. The club currently plays in the Russian Women's Football Championship. Zvezda Perm is the most successful team in the tournament, having won 6 titles.

The team was founded in 2005 and is named after the men's team, Zvezda Perm, which was dissolved in 1997. Zvezda Perm reached the final of the 2008–09 UEFA Women's Cup, but lost to FCR Duisburg. Their best performance in the Champions League was in 2010–11 when they reached the quarter-finals.

The club's head coach is Elena Suslova.



Nadezhda Smirnova

Nadezhda Smirnova (Russian: Надежда Смирнова; born on 22 February 1996 in Sergiyev Posad) is a Russian professional football player who currently plays for CSKA Moscow and the Russian national team.

She played for Russia in the UEFA Women's Euro 2017. She has also played for Rossiyanka, and Zorky Krasnogorsk.


Crewe Works

Crewe railway works is a British railway engineering facility built in 1840 by the Grand Junction Railway. It is located in the town of Crewe, in Cheshire. It is currently owned by Bombardier Transportation. At its height, Crewe Works employed over 20,000 people. In 2005 fewer than 1,000 remained on site, with a further 270 redundancies announced in November 2005. More cutbacks, or even closure, are possible. Current work is largely focused on general maintenance and the inspection of seriously damaged rolling stock. Much of the site once occupied by the works has been sold off and is now occupied by a supermarket, leisure park, and a large new health centre.

Plane wave

In physics, a plane wave or planewave is a wave with wavefronts that are parallel planes.

EPROM

An EPROM (rarely EROM), or erasable programmable read-only memory, is a type of memory chip. Unlike a normal programmable read-only memory (PROM), this type of chip can have its information cleared and written again.

EPROMs are cleared by shining ultraviolet light on the clear opening on their top. Some EPROMs can be cleared using only electricity instead of needing ultraviolet light. These are called EEPROMs (standing for electrically erasable programmable read-only memory).

Sainte-Croix-en-Plaine

Sainte-Croix-en-Plaine is a commune. It is in the Haut-Rhin department of eastern France.



Coalville, Utah

Coalville is a city in Utah in the United States. It is the county seat of Summit County.

Friendswood, Texas

Friendswood is a city in the U.S. state of Texas.

Friendswood has a total area of 20.9 square miles.

Dickinson, Texas

Dickinson is a city in the U.S. state of Texas.

Time in Vietnam

Vietnam observes Indochina Time (ICT) (UTC+07:00) and does not observe daylight saving time.

Oroville, California

Oroville is a city in California. It is the county seat of Butte County. The population was 20,042 at the 2020 census.

Oroville is thought to be the gateway to Lake Oroville and Feather River recreational areas.

Leavenworth, Washington

Leavenworth is a city in Chelan County, Washington, United States. The population was 1,965 at the 2010 census.

The entire town center is modeled on a Bavarian village.

Davis, West Virginia

Davis is a town in Tucker County, West Virginia, along the Blackwater River. The population was 600 at the 2020 census.

Oroville

Oroville may refer to:



Oroville, Washington

Oroville is a city in the northern bulk of the Okanagan Highlands in north-central Washington, United States. Oroville is a member municipality of Okanogan County, Washington, between Omak and Penticton. The population was 1,686 at the 2010 census.

La Marque, Texas

La Marque ( ) is a city in the U.S. state of Texas. The population was 18,030 at the 2020 census.

Bozeman, Montana

Bozeman is a city in and the seat of Gallatin County, Montana, United States. It is located in southwest Montana. The 2020 census put Bozeman's population at 53,293, making it the fourth largest city in Montana.

Bozeman is home to Montana State University. The local newspaper is the "Bozeman Daily Chronicle", and the city is served by Bozeman Yellowstone International Airport.

Points of interest are the Museum of the Rockies and Bridger Bowl Ski Area.

Butte, Montana

Butte is a city in, and the county seat of Silver Bow County, Montana, United States. The city covers . In the 2020 census, it has a population of around 34,500, making it Montana's fifth largest city. 

It is served by Bert Mooney Airport with airport code BTM. Butte is home to Montana Technological University.



Kalispell, Montana

Kalispell (ˈkæl əˌspɛl, ˌkæl əˈspɛl) is a city in, and the county seat of Flathead County, Montana, United States. The 2020 Census put Kalispell's population at 24,558.

The name Kalispell is a Salish word meaning "flat land above the lake". Kalispell is also the gateway to Glacier National Park. Flathead Lake is nearby.

Plungė

Plungė is a city in Lithuania. It has a population of 18,904 people.

Before World War II, Plungė had a large Jewish population.

Plungė is twinned with:

Doncaster Works

Doncaster railway works is a plant in Doncaster, South Yorkshire, England. When it was set up by the Great Northern Railway in 1853, it replaced the previous works in Boston and Peterborough. 

Until 1867 it did only repairs and maintenance. In 1866, Patrick Stirling was appointed as Locomotive Superintendent, and the first of the 875 class was built in 1886. At this time the works also began building new coaches. In 1873 they built the first sleeping cars; in 1879 the first dining cars in the United Kingdom; and in 1882 the first corridor coaches. In 1891, 99 locomotives, 181 carriages and 1493 wagons were built.
In 1957, the last of over two thousand steam locomotives was built. Carriage building finished in 1962. The works was modernised with the addition of a diesel locomotive repair shop. Under BREL, new diesel shunters and 25 kV electric locomotives were built, also Class 56 and Class 58 diesel locomotives. In July 2003 the works celebrated its 150th anniversary with an open weekend. 

Owners Wabtec closed the train engine plant in 2007. In early 2008 the main locomotive repair shop was demolished to make way for housing. Wabtec still does passenger fleet refurbishment at the Doncaster site.

BR Standard Class 9F

The BR Standard Class 9F 2-10-0 is a class of steam locomotive designed for British Railways by Robert Riddles. The Class 9F was the last in a series of standardised locomotive classes designed for British Railways during the Cold War from 1954-1960 in the aftermath of World War 2 since 1945 . The 9F was intended for use on fast, heavy freight trains over long distances. It was one of the most powerful steam locomotive types ever constructed in Britain, and successfully performed its intended duties. The class earned a nickname of 'Spaceships', due to its size and shape. They were numbered 92000–92250.

Italian Mogadiscio

Mogadiscio was the name of Mogadishu, capital of Somalia, when was under Italy's rule from 1905 until 1947. The Italian influence in Mogadishu lasted 80 years, from 1880 until 1960, when the city grew from a small city of just two thousand inhabitants to a metropolis of nearly half a million "mogadiscians" in the metropolitan area.

The ancient city of Mogadishu was under Italian colonial rule/influence for nearly seventy years, from the 1880s until after the end of WW2. In 1905 was declared capital of the newly created "Somalia Italiana".

The first Italian to write about Mogadiscio was Marco Polo, who knew of the city during his merchant travels in Asia. But only in the late XIX century the commerce company "Filonardi" from Italy took control of facilities in the port of Mogadishu.

By 1882, Mogadishu was under the joint control of the Somali Geledi Sultanate (which was also holding sway over the Shebelle Valley region in the interior called Benadir) and the Omani Sultan of Zanzibar. In 1885, Ali bin Said leased the city to an Italian chartered company owned by Vincenzo Filonardi. This "Compagnia Filonardi" (1893-96) and later the "Società Anonima Commerciale Italiana del Benadir" (1899-1905) was finally taken by the Italian government, that obtained the control of the entire region of Benadir with the port of Mogadishu through an agreement with the British government in 1892. From 3 August 1889 to 15 May 1893 Filonardi was the first Governor of the "Somalia italiana" (he was governor again from 1896 to 1897).

The Kingdom of Italy purchased the city in 1905 and made Mogadishu the capital of the newly established Italian Somaliland. The Italians subsequently referred to the city as "Mogadiscio".

The city was soon modernized in the early 1910s with the creation of the first sewage system, the first hospital, the first paved roads and the new electricity facilities. In the 1920s the Italians created the first airport and enlarged the "Port of Mogadishu".

From 5 April 1908 to 5 May 1936, the Royal Corps of Somali Colonial Troops ("Regio corpo truppe coloniali della Somalia Italiana"), originally called the "Guard Corps of Benadir", served as the territory's formal military corps with headquarters in Mogadiscio. At the start of its establishment, the force had 2,600 Italian officers. Between 1911 and 1912, over 1,000 Somalis from Mogadishu served as combat units along with Eritrean and Italian soldiers in the Italo-Turkish War. Most of the troops stationed never returned home until they were transferred back to Italian Somaliland in preparation for the Second Italo-Ethiopian War in 1935.
In November 1920, the Banca d'Italia, the first modern bank in Italian Somaliland, was established in Mogadishu.

On December 5, 1923, Cesare Maria De Vecchi was named Governor in charge of the new colonial administration and promoted the process of complete pacification of the Somalia italiana, with the initial integration of the native population. Italian colonial policy followed two principles in Italian Somaliland: preservation of the dominant clan and ethnic configurations and respect for Islam as the territory's religion.

In 1928, the Italian authorities built the Mogadishu Cathedral ("Cattedrale di Mogadiscio"). It was constructed in a Norman Gothic style, based on the Cefalù Cathedral in Cefalù, Sicily. Following its establishment, Crown Prince Umberto II of Italy made his first publicized visit to Mogadishu. To commemorate the visit, the Arch of Umberto was constructed. The arch was built at the center of Mogadishu Garden. The Mogadishu International Airport was constructed that same year. The facility was regarded as one of the finest in the region.

In the early 1930s, the new Italian Governors, Guido Corni and Maurizio Rava, started a policy of full assimilation of the Somalis. Many Somalis were enrolled in the Italian colonial troops, and thousands of Italian colonists moved to live in Mogadishu. The city grew in size and some small manufacturing companies opened up. The Italians also settled in agricultural areas around the capital, such as Jowhar and Janale ("Genale").

It is noteworthy to pinpoint that "Mogadiscio" was the only name of Mogadishu, the capital of Somalia, when was officially under Italy's rule from 1905 until February 1947. The only official language in those years was the Italian language.
In 1930, there were 22,000 Italians living in Italian Somaliland, representing 2% of the territory's population. The majority resided in the capital Mogadishu, with other Italian communities concentrated in Jowhar ("Villabruzzi"), Adale ("Itala"), Janale ("Genale"), Jamame and Kismayo. In the mid' 1930s the Italian community of Mogadishu started the first football championships in Somalia: their main team was AC Mogadiscio.

By 1935, Mogadishu began to serve as a major naval base and port for the Italians. Then Prime Minister of Italy Benito Mussolini regarded Greater Somalia ("La Grande Somalia") with capital Mogadiscio as the crown jewel in Italy's colonial empire in eastern Africa. Consequently, from 1936 to 1940, new roads were constructed in the region around Mogadiscio, such as the "Imperial Road" from Mogadishu to Addis Abeba. New railways (114 km from Mogadishu to Jowhar) and many schools, hospitals, ports and bridges were also built.
In March 1941 Mogadiscio was occupied by the British Army. Because of security reasons, nearly all the Italians of Somalia moved to live in Mogadiscio, so consequently in 1942 it was a city where the Italians were nearly half the population and where the Catholicism was the religion of nearly 60% of the inhabitants. According to reports of the British authorities, Mogadiscio in 1942 looked mostly like an european city (nicknamed "the white pearl of the Indian Ocean").

After WW2, in February 1947 the Italian government signed the Peace Treaty (surrendering all colonies) and "Italian Mogadiscio" ceased to exist.
In 1950 the Italians returned to rule the city under mandate of the ONU for another ten years until 1960, when was declared the independence of Somalia. In the 10 years of the Italian mandate the country experience huge improvements, from economy and education to sports (for example with the creation of the first football teams, like the Genio Officina and the AC Mogadiscio. Furthermore, the first university in Somalia was created in the same years, with courses linked to the Italian university of Rome.



BR Standard Class 7

The BR Standard Class 7, otherwise known as the "Britannia" Class, is a class of 4-6-2 steam locomotive designed under Robert Riddles for use by British Railways for mixed traffic duties. Fifty-five were constructed between 1951 and 1954. The design employed results from the 1948 locomotive exchanges undertaken in advance of further locomotive classes being constructed. Three batches were constructed at Crewe Works, before the publication of the 1955 Modernisation Plan. They were numbered 70000–70054.

November 2008 Carolinas tornado outbreak

The November 2008 Carolinas tornado outbreak was a natural disaster in the United States on November 15, 2008.

On November 14, the National Weather Service (NWS) issued a warning for severe weather during the early hours of November 15. A tornado watch was issued at 12:25 a.m. ET. The first tornado report was in South Carolina, with seven more tornadoes hitting North Carolina. The final tornado was reported at 4:36 a.m. ET and the tornado watch expired at 8:00 a.m. ET.

2 fatalities were reported, including a 11-year-old boy, and six others were injured.

I-94 derecho

The I-94 derecho was a wind storm that occurred on July 19, 1983, with Minnesota and Wisconsin in its axis.

It began as a storm system in Montana and hit North Dakota at 7 a.m. CDT. Minot reported winds up to 70 mph.

The storm then moved into Minnesota. Winds up to 100 mph were recorded at the Alexandria Airport. It arrived in Minneapolis at 4 p.m. CDT and left 250,000 people without power.

The derecho then moved into Wisconsin. A meteorologist working at the University of Wisconsin-Madison saw the derecho's approach. Windows were blown out at the campus.

The derecho moved into Illinois at 9 p.m. CDT. Chicago had winds gusting to 70 mph and dropped 14°F (from 83°F at 9:30 p.m. to 68°F at 9:50 p.m.). The storm died in northwestern Indiana at midnight on July 20.

Carol Bellamy

Carol Bellamy (born January 14, 1942) is the chair of the Board of the Global Community Engagement and Resilience Fund (GCERF). She was Director of the Peace Corps, executive director of the United Nations Children's Fund (UNICEF), and President and CEO of World Learning.

After three terms in the New York State Senate, she was the first woman to be elected as President of the New York City Council, a position she held until her unsuccessful bid for Mayor of New York in 1985. She was the second to last person to hold this position.

In Japan, she was awarded the Order of the Rising Sun in 2006.


Havre, Montana

Havre ( ) is the county seat and largest city in Hill County, Montana, in the United States. Havre is nicknamed the crown jewel of the Hi-Line. It is said to be named after the city of Le Havre in France. 

As of the 2020 census the population was 9,362.

Havre was incorporated in 1893. It was founded mainly as a railroad service center for the Great Northern Railway.

A buffalo jump, named the Too Close for Comfort Site, is just outside of town. The Milk River is also nearby.

Anaconda, Montana

Anaconda, county seat of Deer Lodge County, is located in southwestern Montana of the United States. It is located at the foot of the Anaconda Range. As of the 2020 census the population of the city was 9,421.

Miles City, Montana

Miles City is a city in and the county seat of Custer County, Montana, United States. The population was 8,354 at the 2020 census. Miles City is at an altitude of 2369 feet (722 m).

It is here the Tongue River flows into the Yellowstone River.

Eleanor Holmes Norton

Eleanor Holmes Norton (born June 13, 1937) is an American politician. She serves as a non-voting Delegate to the United States House of Representatives representing the District of Columbia. Norton may serve on committees as well as speak on the House floor; however, she is not allowed to vote on the final passage of any legislation.



Antonio Toledo Corro

Antonio Toledo Corro (1 April 1919 – 6 July 2018) was a Mexican politician. He was a member of the Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI). Toledo Corro was born in Escuinapa de Hidalgo. He served as mayor of Mazatlan from 1959 to 1962. He was Secretary of the Agrarian Reform of Mexico during the term of President José López Portillo, a personal friend, from 1978 to 1980. Toledo was Governor of Sinaloa from 1981 to 1986.

Toledo Corro died in Mazatlan on 6 July 2018 from a cerebral infarction complicated by pneumonia at the age of 99.

Drake University

Drake University is a private, co-educational university. It is located in Des Moines, Iowa, United States. The institution offers a number of undergraduate and graduate programs, as well as professional programs in business, law and pharmacy. Drake's law school is among the twenty-five oldest in the country.

Thomas Hardiman

Thomas Michael Hardiman (born July 8, 1965) is an American Circuit Judge of the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit. He was nominated by President George W. Bush. He began active service on April 2, 2007 and serves in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. He was a United States District Judge.

In 2017, Hardiman was a finalist to replaced Antonin Scalia as an Associate Justice of the Supreme Court of the United States, but Neil M. Gorsuch was nominated by President Donald Trump instead. The next year, following Justice Anthony Kennedy announcing his retirement from the Supreme Court, Hardiman was once again considered a front-runner to fill the vacant seat.


Winchester, Massachusetts

Winchester is a town near downtown Boston, Massachusetts, United States in Middlesex County. It is the seventh richest settlement in Massachusetts. The population was 22,970 at the 2020 United States Census.


Amritlal Vegad

Amritlal Vegad (3 October 1928 – 6 July 2018) was an Indian writer and poet. He was born in Madhapar, India. He wrote in Gujarati and Hindi from Jabalpur. Amritlal Vegad was awarded in 2004 with Sahitya Akademi Award for his travelogue – "Saundaryani Nadi Narmada" and also Madhya Pradesh Rajya Sahitya Award & Rashtrapati Award for his various works. He was best known for his novel "Narmada-ki-pari-krama" written in Hindi language and "Saundaryani Nadi Narmada" (travelogue) & "Parikramā Narmadā maiyānī" in Gujarati language.

Vegad died on 6 July 2018 from respiratory failure at the age of 89.

Alan Gilzean

Alan John Gilzean (22 October 1938 – 8 July 2018) was a Scottish professional football player. He was active in the 1960s and 1970s. He played for Dundee and Tottenham Hotspur. He also appeared in 22 international games for Scotland. 

His son Ian also became a professional football player.

Gilzean died on 8 July 2018, having been diagnosed with brain cancer a few weeks earlier, aged 79.


M. M. Jacob

Mundakkal Mathew Jacob (9 August 1927 – 8 July 2018), popularly known as M. M. Jacob, was an Indian politician. He worked in Indian National Congress. He was appointed Governor of Meghalaya in 1995 and again in 2000 for a second term. He also discharged the function of the Governor of Arunachal Pradesh as well for some time in 1996.

Jacob died in 8 July 2018 in Meghalaya, India from cardiopulmonary arrest at the age of 90.

Frank Ramsey (basketball)

Frank Vernon Ramsey, Jr. (July 13, 1931 – July 8, 2018) was an American professional basketball player and coach. He played his entire nine-year (1954–1964) NBA career with the Boston Celtics. Ramsey was also a head coach for the Kentucky Colonels of the ABA during the 1970–1971 season. He was born in Corydon, Kentucky.

Ramsey died on July 8, 2018 in Madisonville, Kentucky from cardiac arrest complicated by an aneurysm surgery at the age of 86.


Logan Paul

Logan Alexander Paul (born April 1, 1995) is an American actor, director, internet personality, screenwriter, rapper, professional wrestler, and minor boxer. He is currently signed to WWE and competes for them part-time. He is the current WWE United States Champion and is in his first reign. Paul became famous through his videos shared on former internet video service Vine. Paul's television and movie work includes guest appearances on "" and "Weird Loners", and appearances in movies "The Thinning" and "The Space Between Us".

On January 1st, 2018, Paul uploaded a vlog to his YouTube channel depicting the recently deceased corpse of a man who had committed suicide by hanging in Aokigahara, Japan. The video gained 6.3 million views within 24 hours of being uploaded. 

On April 2, 2022, Paul made his in-ring debut for WWE. He teamed with The Miz to defeat Rey Mysterio and Dominik Mysterio at WrestleMania 38. On November 4, 2023 at Crown Jewel in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia, Paul would defeat Rey Mysterio to become the WWE United States Champion.


Westlake, Ohio

Westlake is a city in Cuyahoga County, Ohio, United States. It is a suburb of Cleveland. The population was 34,228 at the 2020 census. The area now known as the city of Westlake was first settled on October 10, 1810. At the time, it was part of Dover Township.

Dover Village was renamed Westlake in 1940.

Taste of Chicago

The Taste of Chicago (known locally as The Taste) is the world's largest food festival. It is held for five days in July in Chicago, Illinois in Grant Park. Many food vendors come to show and sell their products. The event is the largest festival in Chicago.

Non-food-related events include live music on multiple stages. Musical acts can be local artists or nationally known artists like Carlos Santana, Moby, Kenny Rogers or Robert Plant.

Gloria al Bravo Pueblo

"Glory to the Brave People" is the national anthem of Venezuela. A President of Venezuela, Antonio Guzmán Blanco, made it the country's national anthem on May 25, 1881. A while before that, lyrics and music were made for it. The words of the song were written by a journalist named Vicente Salias in 1810, and the melody for his words was later composed by a musician named Juan José Landaeta. It is said, however, that the melody has been known since 1840 as "The Venezuelan Marseillaise", in reference the French national anthem.

Some recent investigations have suggested that the real author of the anthem was Andrés Bello, and not Salias, to whom it was originally credited, and the music was composed by another musician named Lino Gallardo. However, this theory has yet to be proven, and lacks any real recognition among the general Venezuelan population, historians, or otherwise.

Venezuela also has a flag anthem, titled "Himno a la Bandera de Venezuela".

The Venezuelan national anthem is played every day on radio and television broadcasts at 12:00 am, 6:00 am and 12:00 pm (either the full version or the chorus, first stanza and chorus) on all national TV networks. On radio broadcasts, the state anthem is played after the national anthem, which is also the case in state TV stations. 

In most occasions, only the chorus, first stanza and the chorus are played or even the chorus itself. Sometimes the chorus is played twice in the beginning, and once in the rest of the anthem. In formal events (if the anthem will be played by either a military band, concert band or orchestra) the format is: Chorus (2x), First verse and Chorus (2x), with the optional introduction. If played in full the chorus is sung twice, with or without the introductiory notes.



Alpha Cephei

Alpha Cephei, also known as Alderamin, is the brightest star in the Cepheus constellation. It is a blue star.

Yellow hypergiant

A yellow hypergiant is a huge hypergiant star. It starts off a mass of about 20–60 solar masses, but it soon loses about half that mass (because they are very unstable). It has a spectral class from A to K. 

They are amongst the most luminous stars, with absolute magnitude (M) around −9. They are very rare: only 15 are known in the Milky Way and six of those are in a single cluster. 

They are sometimes referred to as 'cool hypergiants' in comparison to O- and B-type stars, and sometimes as 'warm hypergiants' in comparison to red supergiants. Yellow hypergiants have evolved off the main sequence and have little hydrogen left in their centres.


Gnat

A gnat is any tiny fly in the suborder Nematocera. 

"Gnat" is a loose descriptive category rather than a technical term. They can be both biting and non-biting. The biting ones are often called midges. Often they fly in large numbers, called clouds, in damp places like the Scottish Highlands. 

One interesting group are the eye-gnats. the Smithsonian Institution describes them as “non-biting flies, no bigger than a few grains of salt, ... attracted to fluids secreted by your eyes”.

Rosie and Jim

Rosie and Jim (sometimes written as Rosie & Jim) is a British children's television programme 'produced by Ragdoll Productions. It was aired on ITV from 1990 to the year 2000. The programme continued to be intermittently repeated on CITV until August 2004. Rosie and Jim are two ragdolls who live aboard a narrowboat coincidentally named the Ragdoll, which is from Birmingham. They sit with a concertina on their lap, and come alive when no one is looking, to explore the world that they pass by on their canal. They learn to experience things by following Ragdoll's owner on adventures and secretly join in with them. Usually, they end up causing trouble but they never get caught because no one ever sees them (ever).

Tugboat

A tugboat or towboat is a type of boat that maneuvers other vessels by pushing or pulling them. This is done either by direct contact or by means of a tow line. Tugboats typically move vessels that are restricted in their ability to maneuver on their own, such as ships in a crowded harbor or a narrow canal, Also, vessels that cannot move by themselves, such as barges, disabled ships, log rafts, or oil platforms. 

CLS Group

CLS (originally Continuous Linked Settlement) is a specialist US financial institution that provides settlement services to its members in the foreign exchange market (FX). Although the forex market is decentralised and has no central exchange or clearing facility, firms that chose to use CLS to settle their FX transactions can mitigate the settlement risk associated with their trades.

CLS does this through the operation of a payment versus payment (PvP) settlement service which mitigates settlement risk for the FX transactions of its settlement members and their customers (third parties).

The service started operating in 2002 as an Edge Act Corporation, a limited purpose bank regulated by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York.

Since it began operations in 2002, CLS has rapidly become the market-standard for foreign exchange settlement. As a result, the Financial Stability Oversight Council (FSOC) officially designated CLS a Systemically Important Financial Market Utility in July 2012.

The single day record for gross-value settlement, set on 19 March 2008, stands at US$10.3 trillion, for 1,113,464 payment instructions. The single day record for gross-volume settlement, set on 28 May 2013, is 1,992,652.

In 2002 CLS was launched with 39 Members and seven currencies. As of November 2015 CLS settles 18 Currencies, has 74 Shareholders, 64 Settlement Members and over 9,000 active Third Party participants.

Members include:

Clearing House Association

The Clearing House Association, L.L.C. is a New York-headquartered trade group and the nation's first and oldest banking association representing some of the world's largest commercial banks. It is a nonpartisan organization that advocates on regulatory, legislative, and legal public policy issues on behalf of its owner banks before policymakers, courts of law, and standards setters around the globe.

The Clearing House seeks a level playing field among similarly situated market participants, in which a legal and regulatory framework promotes systemic stability, economic growth, and a safe and sound banking system. Unique among trades for its sole focus on large-scale commercial banking and payments issues, the Association and its Owner Banks form strong consensus positions on issues vital to the banking industry that are technically detailed and research- and data-driven.

Members include:


Rag doll

A rag doll is a children's toy. It is a cloth figure of a doll. They are traditionally home-made from (and stuffed with) spare scraps of material. They are one of the oldest children's toys in existence. Today, many rag dolls are commercially produced to look like the original home-made dolls. These dolls usually have simple features, soft cloth bodies, and patchwork clothing.

Milow, Germany

Milow is a municipality in the Ludwigslust-Parchim district, in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Germany.

Milow has six districts ("Ortsteil"):

Milow

Milow may refer to:

Miles City

Miles City could refer to:


Miles City, Florida

Miles City is an unincorporated community in Collier County, Florida, United States.

Gianfranco Petris

Gianfranco Petris (30 August 1936 – 1 July 2018) was an Italian football player. He was born in Budoia, Italy.

Petris played for Treviso, Triestina, Fiorentina, Lazio and Polisportiva Trani.

He made his debut for Italy in 1958 and earned 4 caps, scoring 1 goal.

Petris died on 1 July 2018 in Trepalle, Italy at the age of 81.

Firuz Mustafayev

Firuz Mustafayev Rajab oglu (; 18 October 1933 – 7 July 2018), also spelled as Feyruz Mustafayev was an Azerbaijani politician. He was born in Baku. Mustafayev served as acting Prime Minister of Azerbaijan. His terms lasted from April 7 to May 18, when he was replaced by Rahim Huseynov.

Mustafayev died on 7 July 2018 at the age of 84.

Tab Hunter

Tab Hunter (born Arthur Andrew Kelm; July 11, 1931 – July 8, 2018) was an American actor, pop singer, movie producer, and author. He starred in more than 40 movies. He was born in New York City. Hunter was known for her roles in "Damn Yankees", "Sweet Kill", and "Grease 2". His famous song was "Young Love".

Hunter was gay. From 1983 to 2018, Hunter was in a partnership with Allan Glaser.

Hunter died on July 8, 2018 from cardiac arrest complicated by thrombosis in Santa Barbara, California, aged 86.


Oliver Knussen

Stuart Oliver Knussen CBE (12 June 1952 – 8 July 2018) was a Scottish composer and conductor. He was born in Glasgow. He was awarded CBE in the 1994 Birthday Honours.

Knussen was principal guest conductor of The Hague's Het Residentie Orkest (Residentie Orchestra) between 1992 and 1996, the Aldeburgh Festival's co-artistic director between 1983 and 1998 and the London Sinfonietta's music director between 1998 and 2002 – and became that ensemble's conductor laureate.

In 2005 Knussen was the music director of the Ojai Music Festival.

Knussen died on 8 July 2018 in Snape, Suffolk, aged 66.


Hans Günter Winkler

Hans Günter Winkler (24 July 1926 – 9 July 2018) was a German show jumping rider. He was born in Barmen, today part of Wuppertal, North Rhine-Westphalia. He won four Olympic gold medals: two in 1956, one in 1960, and one in 1964.

Winkler died on 9 July 2018 in Warendorf, North Rhine-Westphalia from cardiac arrest at the age of 91.


Baar

Baar can refer to:


Ed Westwick

Edward Jack Peter Westwick (born 27 June 1987) is an English actor and musician. He is best known for his role as Chuck Bass on The CW's teen television drama series "Gossip Girl" (2007–2012).

In November 2017, two women accused Westwick of raping them and another accused him of sexually assaulting her. The Los Angeles Police Department investigated the allegations.


Baar-Ebenhausen

Baar-Ebenhausen () is a municipality in Pfaffenhofen in Bavaria in Germany.

Raymond Kethledge

Raymond Michael Kethledge (born December 11, 1966) is an American judge. He is the United States Circuit Judge of the United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit. He is a former law clerk for Associate Justice Anthony Kennedy of the Supreme Court of the United States.

Kethledge is on President Donald Trump's list of potential Supreme Court justices.


Willa Holland

Willa Joanna Chance Holland (born June 18, 1991) is an American actress and model. She is known for her roles as Kaitlin Cooper Nichol in the Fox teen drama "The O.C.", Agnes Andrews in The CW series "Gossip Girl", Aqua in "Kingdom Hearts", and Thea Queen / Speedy in "Arrow".

Lena Headey

Lena Kathren Headey ( ; born 3 October 1973) is an English actress. She starred in the Home Box Office television series "Game of Thrones" and the Fox Television Network television series "".

Baar, Bavaria

Baar (; ; also Swabian: "Baar") is a municipality in Aichach-Friedberg district, in Bavaria, southern Germany.


Ian McElhinney

Ian McElhinney (born 19 August 1948) is a Northern Irish actor and director. He has appeared in many television series. He is known for his role as Barristan Selmy in "Game of Thrones", and as General Dodonna in "Rogue One".

Liam Cunningham

Liam Cunningham (born 2 June 1961) is an Irish stage and screen actor. He is known for playing Davos Seaworth in the HBO epic-fantasy series "Game of Thrones".

Linth

The Linth (pronounced "lint") is a Swiss river that starts near the village of Linthal in the mountains of the canton of Glarus, and flows into the Obersee section of Lake Zurich. It is about long.

The textile industry of the canton of Glarus he started because it could use the water power of the Linth. Today, the river drives the Linth–Limmern power stations in its upper reaches.

The river and its upper valley are the boundary between the mountain ranges of the Glarus Alps, to its east and south, and the Schwyzer Alps, to its west.

Financial Stability Board

The Financial Stability Board (FSB) is an international body that monitors and makes recommendations about the global financial system. It was established after the G20 London summit in April 2009 as a successor to the Financial Stability Forum (FSF). The Board includes all G20 major economies, FSF members, and the European Commission. Hosted and funded by the Bank for International Settlements, the board is based in London, United Kingdom.

Members include:

The Financial Stability Board (FSB) is an international organisation in the financial sector. It monitors the global funancial system, and make recommendation on how it can be improved. It was established at the G20 summit in London, in April 2009. The idea at the summit was to improve a solution that existed already, the Financial Stability Forum (FSF). The Financial Stability board is organised as an association: All G20 states, all participants of the FSF and the European Commission are members of this association. The board is hosted and funded by the Bank for International Settlements in Basel, Switzerland.

Bruce Hunter (swimmer)

Richard Bruce Hunter (July 6, 1939 – July 6, 2018) was an American competition swimmer. He was born in Boston, Massachusetts. He represented the United States at the 1960 Summer Olympics in Rome. Hunter swam in the men's 100-meter freestyle, advanced to the finals, and finished fourth overall with a time of 55.6 seconds.
Hunter died on his 79th birthday on July 6, 2018 in Boston.

Erica Yohn

Erica Yohn (October 1, 1928 – January 27, 2019) was an American actress.

Yohn had many small parts in movies, such as "Pee-wee's Big Adventure", and television shows, such as "Rhoda", "ER", "Murphy Brown", "Quantum Leap" and "Kojak".

She had recurring roles on "The Famous Teddy Z", "State of Grace", "Beverly Hills, 90210", and "Picket Fences". She voiced Fievel and Tanya Mousekewitz's mother in "An American Tail" and its sequels.

Yohn died on January 27, 2019 in North Hollywood, California at the age of 90.

Yohn was married to actor Tom Rosqui, who died in 1991, aged 62, from cancer.

2017 New Zealand general election

The 2017 New Zealand general election took place on Saturday 23 September 2017 to elect the membership of the 52nd New Zealand Parliament along with the Prime Minister of New Zealand. The last parliament was elected on 20 September 2014 and officially ended on 22 August 2017.

Jacinda Ardern became New Zealand's third female Prime Minister, and Winston Peters again became Deputy Prime Minister, a role he had first held in 1996–98. This ended nine years under the National Party Government. Ardern became Prime Minister after the Labour Party agreed to create a coalition with Peters's New Zealand First party, thus making him Deputy Prime Minister. Their shared votes were larger than that of English, thus defeating him.

Voters elected 120 members to the House of Representatives under New Zealand's mixed-member proportional (MMP) voting system, a system in which 71 members were elected from single-member electorates and 49 members were elected from closed party lists.

Around 3.57 million people were registered to vote in the election, with 2.63 million (79.8%) turning out. Advance voting proved popular, with 1.24 million votes cast before election day, more than the previous two elections combined.

The centre-right National Party, led by Prime Minister Bill English, had governed since 2008 in a minority government. It was the first election for English as incumbent Prime Minister, having replaced John Key on 12 December 2016 and the first since 1975 where both major parties had leadership changes. The main opposition parties to the National government were Labour (the official opposition), led by Jacinda Ardern, the Green Party, and New Zealand First.

Winston Peters

Winston Raymond Peters (born 11 April 1945) is a New Zealand politician who is the Deputy Prime Minister of New Zealand and Minister of Foreign Affairs since 2023. He served as Deputy Prime Minister from 1996 to 1998 and again from 2017 to 2020. He serves under a coalition government alongside Jacinda Ardern upon the 2017 election. 

Peters led the populist New Zealand First party since 1993. He was a Member of Parliament from 2011 to 2020, having served from 1979 to 1981 and 1984 to 2008.

Peters was not in Parliament between 2020 and 2023. But, was re-elected in the 2023 general election, where his New Zealand First Party won 8 seats. Peters will be co-deputy prime minister from the swearing in of the 54th Parliament of New Zealand to the 31st of May 2025.

James Shaw

James Peter Edward Shaw (born 6 May 1973) is a New Zealand politician. He is the leader of the Green Party of Aotearoa New Zealand. In October 2017 he became the Minister outside Cabinet for Statistics and Climate Change Issues. Following Metiria Turei's resignation in August 2017, Shaw became the Green Party's only leader for the 2017 general election.

David Seymour

David Breen Seymour (born 24 June 1983) is a New Zealand politician. He is the Epsom electorate MP, and leader of ACT New Zealand. Seymour worked in public policy in Canada. 

In November 2015, Seymour was named the Trans Tasman 2015 Politician Of The Year.

Seymour appeared on the seventh series of Dancing with the Stars.


Marama Fox

Marama Kahu Fox is a New Zealand politician. She was elected to the New Zealand parliament at the 2014 general election as a representative of the Māori Party. 

Following her election to parliament, she was named Māori Party co-leader alongside Te Ururoa Flavell, replacing party founder Tariana Turia.

In the 2017 general election, Fox lost her seat and her party won no seats in the election.

2020 New Zealand general election

The 2020 New Zealand general election was held after the currently elected 52nd New Zealand Parliament is dissolved or expires. Prime Minister Jacinda Ardern announced the election date as Saturday 17 October 2020.

In the last election, Labour Party, led by Prime Minister Jacinda Ardern, formed a minority coalition government with the New Zealand First party.

Incumbent Prime Minister Ardern was re-elected with a Labour landslide victory.

Electorate boundaries for the next election are due to be redrawn in 2019, after the 2018 census and Māori electoral option. This means that unless a snap election is called before 2019, the next general election will be the first to use boundaries based on the 2018 census.

Simon Bridges

Simon Joseph Bridges (born October 1976) is a New Zealand politician and lawyer. He was the Leader of the New Zealand National Party and Leader of the Opposition from 27 February 2018 to 22 May 2020. He was the Member of Parliament for Tauranga from 2008 until 2022. 

Bridges has served in several Cabinet portfolios, including Minister of Transport (2014–2017), Minister of Economic Development (2016–2017) and Leader of the House (2017).

He is the first person with Māori ancestry to serve as leader of the National Party, and the first to lead a major party in New Zealand.

On 22 May 2020, following poor polling for the party, Bridges was challenged for the party leadership and replaced by Todd Muller. He would go onto retiring from the leadership of the party less than two months later.

On 24 November 2021, Bridges was removed from the shadow cabinet of Judith Collins, because of a rude comment he made to fellow MP Jacqui Dean in 2016. After removing Bridges from her shadow cabinet, a motion of no confidence was passed against Collins and removed her as party leader. Bridges ran to replace her as party leader, but withdrew on the day of the vote and supported the eventual winner Christopher Luxon.

Bridges announced his retirement from politics in March 2022 and resigned as MP two months later in May.

1994 Palm Sunday tornado outbreak

The 1994 Palm Sunday tornado outbreak happened on Palm Sunday, March 27, 1994. This was the third tornado outbreak in the United States to happen on a Palm Sunday. 40 people were killed in this outbreak, and 491 were injured.

The Storm Prediction Center issued a warning on March 26 saying the risk of severe thunderstorms and tornadoes from the Southeast to the Mid-Atlantic.

On the morning of March 27, a moderate risk was given for Alabama. By 9:00 a.m., thunderstorms began to develop. At 9:18 a.m., a tornado watch was issued for eastern Mississippi and northern Alabama. Tornado warnings were issued at 11:00 a.m. CST. At 11:39 a.m., a tornado struck the Goshen United Methodist Church in Piedmont, Alabama, killing 22 people, including the groom's 4-year-old daughter.

At noon EST, a PDS tornado watch was announced for northern Georgia. Severe thunderstorms and tornadoes entered Georgia by 12:42 p.m. EST and continued throughout the afternoon. The Storm Prediction Center announced a tornado watch for eastern Louisiana and central Mississippi. However, no tornadoes touched down on March 27. A tornado watch was also announced in the Carolinas. Tornadoes hit this area through the afternoon, including an F3 in Georgia and South Carolina, injuring 12. Another tornado injured 13 in North and South Carolina.

Tornadoes continued to hit Alabama between 4:00 and 5:30 p.m. CST, damaging a high school. A funnel cloud was seen at 6:00 p.m. CST. The storm had winds up to 60 mph.

The final tornado struck Greenville County, South Carolina at midnight on March 28. The NWS offices in Birmingham, Atlanta, and Athens did not stop issuing warnings until early in the morning on March 28.

Rab Butler

Richard Austen Butler, Baron Butler of Saffron Walden KG CH PC DL (9 December 1902 – 8 March 1982), also known as R.A. Butler or by his initials as "Rab" Butler, was a Deputy Prime Minister of the United Kingdom in 1962 to 1963 for one year.

Butler died of colon cancer on 8 March 1982 at Great Yeldham, Essex.

2016 Australian federal election

The 2016 Australian federal election was an election held on Saturday 2 July to elect all 226 members of the 45th Parliament of Australia. It lasted eight weeks. It was the first under a new voting system for the Senate that replaced group voting tickets with optional preferential voting. Incumbent Malcolm Turnbull was narrowly re-elected by forming a coalition government with other smaller parties.

After a week of vote counting, no party had won enough seats in the House of Representatives to form a majority government. Neither the Liberal/National Coalition's incumbent Turnbull Government nor the Australian Labor Party's Shorten Opposition were in a position to claim victory. Turnbull talked with the crossbench. He won a confidence and supply support from Bob Katter, Andrew Wilkie and Cathy McGowan in the event of a hung parliament and resulting minority government. On 10 July, Shorten conceded defeat. Turnbull claimed victory later that day.

The election is the closest federal majority result since 1961, the ABC declared on 11 July that the Coalition could form a one-seat majority government.


Richard Di Natale

Richard Luigi Di Natale (born 6 June 1970) is an Australian politician. He has been a senator for Victoria since 2011. He also served as the leader of the Australian Greens from 2015 to 2020. Di Natale was elected to the national Senate in the 2010 federal election. He was the lead Greens Senate candidate in Victoria in the 2007 federal election but failed to win a seat.

Di Natale became federal parliamentary leader of the Australian Greens on 6 May 2015 following the resignation of Christine Milne. Di Natale led the Greens at the 2 July 2016 federal election.

Nick Xenophon

Nicholas Xenophon (né Xenophou; 29 January 1959) is an Australian politician. He was a Senator for South Australia from 2008 to 2017. He was the leader of two political parties: Nick Xenophon Team federally, and Nick Xenophon's SA-BEST in South Australia. 
In October 2017, Xenophon resigned from the Australian Senate to contest a seat in the House of Assembly at the 2018 South Australian state election. 

From 1997 to 2007, he was a member of the South Australian Legislative Council, serving as an independent. When the Nick Xenophon Team changed its name to Centre Alliance, Xenophon himself stopped to be directly involved with the party.

2019 Australian federal election

<section end=infobox/>The 2019 Australian federal election elected members of the 46th Parliament of Australia on 18 May 2019. The election was called following the end or expiry of the 45th Parliament as elected at the 2016 double dissolution federal election.

Prime Minister Scott Morrison and his Coalition Party won the election winning 78 seats over the Labor's 67 seats.


Abiy Ahmed

Abiy Ahmed Ali (Amharic: አብይ አሕመድ ዐሊ Oromo (*Latin text): "Abiyi Ahmed Alii"; (Oromo on Geez text: አቢይ አህመድ አሊ born 15 August 1976) is an Ethiopian patriot leader serving as the 4th prime minister of the Federal Democratic Republic of Ethiopia since 2 April 2018. He was the third chairman of the Ethiopian People's Revolutionary Democratic Front (EPRDF) that governed Ethiopia for 28 years until it was dissolved and the Prosperity Party was created and the first person in that position. Abiy is an elected member of the Ethiopian parliament as Prime Minister and former member of the Oromo Democratic Party (ODP), which was one of the then four coalition parties of the EPRDF, until its rule ceased in 2019 and he formed his own party, the Prosperity Party. 

As the first Ethiopian and the first African head of Government, he won the 2019 Nobel Peace Prize for his work in ending the 20-year post-war territorial stalemate war between Ethiopia and Eritrea led by the then Government of Ethiopia and current Government of Eritrea. Abiy Ahmed was sworn in on October 4, 2021, after he got first elected, his term will end after October 4, 2026. He served first as prime minister when former Prime minister Hailemariam Desalegn resigned.

Abiy Ahmed was born in the small town of Beshasha, Ethiopia. His deceased father, Ahmed Ali, was a Muslim Oromo while his deceased mother, Tezeta Wolde, was a Christian Oromo. Abiy's father was a typical Oromo farmer, speaking only Oromo, while Tezeta was a fluent speaker of both Amharic and Oromo. 

When Abiy was a teenager, he served in the Ethiopian National defense forces fighting off the communist Derg a regime which overthrow Emperor Haile Selassie I. The later Prime Minister also served as a lieutenant Colonel for the Ethiopian National Defense Forces

Ahmed's education starts when he earned a bachelor's degree at "Computer Engineering from the Microlink Information Technology College in Addis Ababa in 2009." Abiy went further on and got a Master of Arts in transformational leadership degree from Greenwich University in London which is a business school. A later went on to further get more degrees. He also got a MBA degree from Leadstar College of Management and Leadership in Addis Ababa in 2013. He also In 2017, started his Doctor of Philosophy (Ph.D.) and got in work as a regular student there, at the Institute for Peace and Security Studies, at Addis Ababa University the oldest University in Ethiopia. He did his Ph.D. work on the Agaro constituency with his Ph.D. thesis called “Social Capital and its Role in Traditional Conflict Resolution in Ethiopia: The Case of Inter-Religious Conflict In Jimma Zone state”. Abiy published a related short research article on de-escalation strategies in the Horn of Africa in a special journal issue dedicated to countering violent extremism.

Abiy lived in France and had a French girlfriend it is told that she loved Abiy but Abiy went to Ethiopia to pursue his political career which he later became Prime Minister. Abiy later went to Ethiopia and found a woman who he fallen in love with called Zinash Tayachew.

Prime Minister Abiy Ahmed founded INSA or the Information Network Security Agency and became its director from 2008 through 2010. INSA is an organization which spies on people which the government targets it also secures and encrypts Ethiopia's cyber security. Abiy Ahmed through his jamming capabilities as learning intelligence measures in South Africa was able to create such an organization and become its director.

Time in Estonia

Estonia uses Eastern European Time (EET) (UTC+02:00) during winter, and Eastern European Summer Time (EEST) (UTC+03:00) during summer. Estonia has observed daylight saving time since 1981 when it was part of the Soviet Union. However, it wasn't used in 1989-1996 and 2000-2001.

President of Ethiopia

The President of Ethiopia, officially the President of the Federal Republic of Ethiopia is the head of state of Ethiopia. The position is largely a ceremonial one. The executive power is exercised by the Prime Minister of Ethiopia. The current president is Sahle-Work Zewde, who took office on 25 October 2018.

Presidents are elected by the House of Peoples' Representatives for six years, with a two-term limit.


Rahim Huseynov

Rahim Huseynov Alihuseyn oglu (), (5 April 1936 – 12 November 2023) was an Azerbaijani politician. He was the 3rd Prime Minister of Azerbaijan from 1992 to 1993.

Huseynov died on 12 November 2023 at the age of 87.

List of cities and towns in Russia by population

This is a list of cities and towns in Russia with a population of over 50,000 at the 2021 census. These numbers are city proper populations, instead of urban area or metro area populations.

This list includes the federal city of Sevastopol and cities and towns in the Republic of Crimea, which are "de facto" part of Russia but internationally recognized as part of Ukraine. The cities and towns in the federal cities of Moscow and Saint Petersburg are not on the list because they were not part of the 2021 census.

Cities in bold are the capital city of their federal subject. Three capitals are too small to make the list: Naryan-Mar (pop. 23,399), Magas (pop. 15,271), and Anadyr (pop. 13,202). Pyatigorsk is the administrative centre of North Caucasian Federal District but not of any federal subject.



Dan Burton

Danny Lee Burton (born June 21, 1938) is an American politician. Burton is the former U.S. Representative for . He represented the , serving from 1983 until 2013. He is a member of the Republican Party and the Tea Party Caucus.


BR standard class 5

The BR standard class 5 4-6-0 was one of the 12 standard classes of steam locomotive built by British Railways in the 1950s. It was essentially a development of the LMS Stanier Class 5 4-6-0. 172 were built between 1951 and 1957 and they were numbered 73000–73171. Five locomotives have been preserved.

Southern Railway

Southern Railway may refer to:


Quantitative analysis (chemistry)

In analytical chemistry, quantitative analysis is the determination of the absolute or relative abundance (often expressed as a concentration) of one, several or all particular substance(s) present in a sample.

Colorimetric analysis

Colorimetric analysis is a method of determining the concentration of a chemical element or chemical compound in a solution with the aid of a color reagent. It is applicable to both organic compounds and inorganic compounds and may be used with or without an enzymatic stage. The method is widely used in medical laboratories and for industrial purposes, e.g. the analysis of water samples in connection with industrial water treatment. The equipment required is a colorimeter, some cuvettes and a suitable color reagent. The process may be automated, e.g. by the use of an AutoAnalyzer or by Flow injection analysis.

Optical filter

An optical filter is a device that selectively transmits light of different wavelengths. It is usually made of coloured glass or plastic. Optical filters are commonly used in optical instruments (such as colorimeters), as photographic filters and to colour stage lighting.

Romford–Upminster line

The Romford–Upminster line is a railway branch line in Greater London. It connects , on the Great Eastern Main Line, to Upminster, on the London, Tilbury and Southend Line and London Underground. The route is long and there is one intermediate station at Emerson Park. The line is single-track throughout and is electrified at 25 kV AC. The speed limit is .

As of May 2015 services are operated by London Overground. There are two trains per hour in each direction. The timetabled journey time from one terminus to the other is nine minutes. It is completely separated from the rest of the London Overground.

Secretary General of NATO

The Secretary General of NATO () is an international diplomat who serves as the chief civil servant of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO). 

The Secretary General is responsible for coordinating the workings of the alliance, leading NATO's international staff, chairing the meetings of the North Atlantic Council and most major committees of the alliance, with the notable exception of the NATO Military Committee, and acting as NATO's spokesperson. 

The current Secretary General is Jens Stoltenberg, the former Prime Minister of Norway, who took office on 1 October 2014.

Hastings Ismay, 1st Baron Ismay

Hastings Lionel Ismay, 1st Baron Ismay (21 June 1887 – 17 December 1965), nicknamed Pug, was a British Indian Army officer and diplomat. 

He was Winston Churchill's chief military assistant during the Second World War and he was the first Secretary General of NATO from 1952 to 1957. Ismay was the principal link between Churchill and the Chiefs of Staff Committee. Ismay also accompanied Churchill to many of the Allied war conferences. 


Paul-Henri Spaak

Paul-Henri Charles Spaak (25 January 1899 – 31 July 1972) was a Belgian politician and statesman. He is thought to be as one of the founding fathers of the European Union.

Spaak entered politics in 1932 for the Belgian Workers' Party (later the Belgian Socialist Party). He became Prime Minister of Belgium in 1938 and held the position until 1939. During World War II, he served as Foreign Minister in the Belgian government in exile under Hubert Pierlot. After the war, he twice served the position of Prime Minister, first for under a month in March 1946 and again between 1947 and 1949. 

Spaak was Belgium's Foreign Minister for 18 years between 1939 and 1966.

In 1945, he was chosen to chair the first session of the General Assembly of the new United Nations. He served as the first President of the Consultative Assembly of the Council of Europe between 1949 and 1950 and became the first President of the European Coal and Steel Community (ECSC) between 1952 and 1954.

Between 1957 and 1961, he served as the second Secretary-General of NATO.


Dirk Stikker

Dirk Uipko Stikker, (5 February 1897 – 23 December 1979) was a Dutch banker, industrialist, politician, and diplomat.
In 1945, he was among the organizers of the Stichting van de Arbeid (Dutch Labour Foundation), thus helping to lay the foundation of post-war collective bargaining in the Netherlands.

Stikker served as Minister of Foreign Affairs from 1948 to 1952 and as the third Secretary General of NATO from 1961 to 1964.

In 1964, Stikker was awarded an honorary doctorate by Brown University. He died in Wassenaar in 1979, aged 82.


Manlio Brosio

Manlio Giovanni Brosio (July 10, 1897 – March 14, 1980) was an Italian lawyer, diplomat, politician and the fourth Secretary General of NATO between 1964 and 1971.

In January 1947, Brosio became the Italian ambassador to Soviet Union and got involved with the peace treaty negotiations between the countries. In 1952 he became ambassador to the UK, to the USA in 1955 and from 1961–1964 to France.

On May 12, 1964 the NATO council chose Brosio to replae Dirk Stikker as a secretary general. He resigned September 3, 1971. On September 29, 1971, U.S. President Richard Nixon awarded him the Presidential Medal of Freedom.


Joseph Luns

Joseph Marie Antoine Hubert Luns (28 August 1911 – 17 July 2002) was a Dutch politician and diplomat.

Luns was one of the most popular Dutch politicians of the time. He served a total of eight cabinets and stayed in office nineteen years, becoming the longest-serving Dutch Minister of Foreign Affairs from 2 September 1952 until 6 July 1971. He retired from Dutch politics and became the 5th (and also longest-serving) Secretary General of NATO for 13 years from 1 October 1971 until 25 June 1984.


Manfred Wörner

Manfred Hermann Wörner (24 September 1934 in Stuttgart-Bad Cannstatt – 13 August 1994 in Brussels) was a German politician and diplomat. He served as the Defense Minister of West Germany between 1982 and 1988.

He then served as the seventh Secretary General of NATO from 1988 to 1994. His term as Secretary General oversaw the end of the Cold War and the German reunification. He was diagnosed with colorectal cancer, but continued to serve until his death.

Willy Claes

Willem Werner Hubert "Willy" Claes (; born 24 November 1938) is a Belgian politician. He served as the eighth Secretary General of NATO, from 1994 to 1995. Claes was a member of the Socialist Party.


George Robertson, Baron Robertson of Port Ellen

George Islay MacNeill Robertson, Baron Robertson of Port Ellen (born 12 April 1946) is a Scottish politician. He is a member of the Labour Party. He served as the 10th Secretary General of NATO from 1999 to 2004. He served as Secretary of State for Defence from 1997 to 1999, before becoming a life peer as Baron Robertson of Port Ellen, of Islay in Argyll and Bute.


Alessandro Minuto-Rizzo

Alessandro Minuto-Rizzo (born 10 September 1940) is an Italian diplomat. He served as Deputy Secretary General of NATO from 2001 to 2007 and as acting Secretary General of NATO from 17 December 2003 to 1 January 2004. He served as ambassador of Italy to the Western European Union and to the Committee for Policy and Security of the European Union. He is member of the Italy-USA Foundation.

Jaap de Hoop Scheffer

Jakob Gijsbert "Jaap" de Hoop Scheffer (; born 3 April 1948) is a retired Dutch politician and diplomat. He is a member of the Christian Democratic Appeal (CDA). He served as the 11th Secretary General of NATO from 5 January 2004 until 1 August 2009.


Gospel Oak to Barking line

The Gospel Oak to Barking line (sometimes unofficially called the GOBLIN) is part of the Network Rail system. It is long from one terminus to the other. It carries both through goods trains and London Overground passenger trains, connecting Gospel Oak station in north London and Barking Riverside station in east London. The line is part of Network Rail Strategic Route 6, and is classified as a London and South East Commuter line. For much of its existence the line has played a minor role in London's transport system. It is now receiving significant investment to increase its capacity. This will include full 25 kV AC overhead electrification, that was completed in 2018.

Anders Fogh Rasmussen

Anders Fogh Rasmussen (; born 26 January 1953) is a Danish politician. He was the 24th Prime Minister of Denmark from November 2001 to April 2009 and the 12th Secretary General of NATO from August 2009 to October 2014. 

Rasmussen is now CEO of Rasmussen Global and a Senior Advisor at The Boston Consulting Group's Copenhagen office.

Prime Minister of Denmark

The prime minister of Denmark (; literally "Minister of the State") is the head of government of the Kingdom of Denmark. The Constitution of 1849 established a constitutional monarchy by limiting the powers of the monarch and creating the office of the prime minister. The inaugural holder of the office was Adam Wilhelm Moltke.

The appointment of the prime minister is determined by their support in the Folketing (The National Parliament).

The current prime minister of Denmark is Mette Frederiksen.


Poul Nyrup Rasmussen

Poul Oluf Nyrup Rasmussen (, informally Poul Nyrup, born 15 June 1943) is a Danish politician. He was the Prime Minister of Denmark from 25 January 1993 to 27 November 2001 and President of the Party of European Socialists (PES) from 2004 to 2011. He was the leader of the governing Social Democrats from 1992 to 2002. He was a member of the European Parliament from 2004 to 2009.


North London line

The North London line is a railway line of the London Overground. It passes through the inner suburbs of north London, England. The route is a rough semicircle between the south-west and the north-east, avoiding Central London. The line is owned and maintained by Network Rail and London Overground.

The line began as a part of the North London Railway but there have been many changes. The current route is the result of a series of amalgamations, closures and reopenings. There is a mixture of third rail and overhead line electric power supply. It is an important freight route and is used by the Richmond to Stratford passenger services of the London Overground. It is part of the National Rail network. Between Richmond and Gunnersbury, London Underground's District line shares tracks with London Overground services. This part is also owned and maintained by Network Rail.

Jan Henry T. Olsen

Jan Henry Tungeland Olsen (20 August 1956 – 10 July 2018) was a Norwegian politician. He was a member of the Labour Party. He was Minister of Fisheries from 1992 to 1996. He was born in Tromsø, Norway.

Olsen was diagnosed with Alzheimer's disease in 2008. He died from the disease under hospice care in Tromsø on 10 July 2018, aged 61.

José María Setién

José María Setién Alberro (18 March 1928 – 10 July 2018) was a Spanish Roman Catholic prelate. He was born in Hernani, Spain. He was auxiliary bishop of San Sebastián between 1972 and 1979, and bishop between 1979 and 2000.

In 2003 he was awarded by the Gold Medal of Guipúzcoa.

Setién died on 10 July 2018 after suffering a stroke in San Sebastián, Spain at aged 90.

Dervish movement (Somali)

The Somali Dervish movement (Somali: Halgankii Daraawiishta) was a popular movement that developed in Somaliland between 1899 and 1920.
It called for the expulsion of all foreign powers from the Somaliland region in the Horn of Africa. 

It was led by the Salihiyya Sufi Muslim poet and militant leader Mohammed Abdullah Hassan, also known as Sayyid Mohamed. He called for the removal of British and Italian colonies in Somalia, the defeat of Ethiopian forces, the expulsion of Christianity and the establishment of a Muslim Somali state.

On 3 March 1905 Hassan, the so-called "Mad Mullah" declared himself "Sayyid" of Nogal (Nugaal valley) in the Khatumo region. The territory coincided approximately with the actual Nugaal area in modern Khatumo State. It was ruled like a kind of sultanate on behalf of the Mahdi.

Hassan's rule was ended by Italy in 1911. After the collapse of Hassan’s resistance movement, rebellion and revolt occurred with disputes between different tribes in Northern Somalia.

The Italian government of Somalia again worked together with the old tribesmen in order to try and keep peace between the several tribes, while maintaining close control over the military.

Sayyid Mohammed Abdullah Hassan (nicknamed the "Mad Mullah" by the British) escaped from the Khatumo region in 1920 to Imey Ethiopia, where he later died in 1921.

The Dervish legacy in Somalia and Somaliland has been influential. It was the "most important revivalist Islamic movements" in Somalia, state Hasan and Robleh. The movement, and particularly its leader, has been controversial in Somalia. Some cherish it as the founder of modern Somali nationalism. Others see it as an ambitious Muslim brotherhood militancy that destroyed Somalia's opportunity to move towards modernization and progress in favor of a puritanical Islamic state embedded with Islamic education. Its ideas are enshrined in the constitution of Somalia.



West London line

The West London line is a short railway in West London. It links in the south to Willesden Junction in the north. The line is an important cross-London link especially for freight services. Southern and London Overground provide regular passenger services.

May 1989 tornado outbreak

The May 1989 tornado outbreak occurred on May 5, 1989 across Georgia, South Carolina, North Carolina, and Virginia.

The first tornadoes touched down between 1:00 and 2:00 p.m. in Georgia. At 2:21 PM, Tornado Watch 183 was issued for northern and central Georgia and the northwest corner of South Carolina. During the mid-afternoon hours, the severe thunderstorms moving northeast spawning tornadoes in South Carolina. The first violent tornado was reported in Spartanburg and Gaffney, South Carolina.

Other F4 tornadoes broke out to the north. At 4:33 PM, Tornado Watch 185 was issued for much of South Carolina and western and central North Carolina. The watch was a PDS. One tornado caused 30 injuries in Belwood, North Carolina before killing four people in the Toluca community. Later, a tonrado hit Winston-Salem, North Carolina. At the same time, weaker tornadoes caused damage in Durham and Granville counties.

The last tornadoes broke out between Richmond and Charlottesville, Virginia.

7 deaths were reported with at least 168 people injured. Hail was reported in Columbia, South Carolina and Monroe, North Carolina, and severe wind damage was reported from Georgia to Maryland. Damage was seen in every North Carolina county between I-95 and the Blue Ridge Mountains.


Watford DC line

The Watford DC line is a commuter railway line from London Euston to Watford Junction in Watford, Hertfordshire. Its services are operated by London Overground.

The line runs beside the West Coast Main Line (WCML) for most of its length. The London Underground Bakerloo line shares the section of the line from Queen's Park to Harrow & Wealdstone. The rolling stock used on the line is Class 378 "Capitalstar".

The "DC" in the title refers to line being electrified using direct current. This was done in the early twentieth century by the London and North Western Railway. By contrast the WCML uses alternating current from overhead lines.


East London line

The East London line is part of the London Overground network. It runs from north to south through East London. The railway was built in 1869 by the "East London Railway Company". It reused the Thames Tunnel which was built for horse-drawn carriages. The line became part of the London Underground network in 1933. It closed on 22 December 2007 for refurbishment and expansion. In April 2010, it reopened as part of the London Overground network. Phase 2, which links the line to the South London line with a terminus at , opened on 9 December 2012. This created an orbital railway around inner London.

The orbital railway includes the following routes:

South London line

The South London line is an Inner London part of the London Overground rail network. The line is run together with the East London line to provide direct services between and Highbury & Islington. The line is long and there are eight stations. Most of the line is on a high viaduct over other transport infrastructure. There is an interchange with London Underground at . The line is in Travelcard Zone 2.

John Laird, Baron Laird

Professor John Dunn Laird, Baron Laird of Artigarvan (23 April 1944 – 10 July 2018) was a Northern Ireland life peer and former chairman of the cross-border Ulster-Scots Agency. In 2013 Laird allegedly offered to lobby for a firm against parliamentary rules. As a result, he resigned from the Ulster Unionist Party. He was created a life peer on 16 July 1999 as Baron Laird, of Artigarvan in the County of Tyrone.

Laird died on 10 July 2018 in Belfast at the age of 74.


President of the European Commission

The President of the European Commission is the head of the European Commission. It is the executive branch of the European Union. The President of the Commission leads a cabinet of Commissioners. The President, is chosen by the Council and Parliament, and decides (with each country) who the other members are and what they do.

The President of the Commission also represents the EU abroad, together with the President of the European Council and the High Representative of the Union for Foreign Affairs and Security Policy.

The post was established in 1958. Each new President is nominated by the European Council and formally elected by the European Parliament, for a five-year term. 

The current President is Ursula von der Leyen, who took office on 1st December 2019. She is a member of the European People's Party (EPP) and is the former minister of defence of Germany.



José Manuel Barroso

José Manuel Durão Barroso (; born 23 March 1956) is a Portuguese politician. He was the non-executive chairman at Goldman Sachs International. He was the 11th President of the European Commission (2004–2014) and the 115th Prime Minister of Portugal (2002–2004).

Gaston Thorn

Gaston Egmond Thorn (3 September 192826 August 2007) was a Luxembourg politician. He served as the 20th Prime Minister of Luxembourg (1974–79), President of the United Nations General Assembly (1975), and the seventh President of the European Commission (1981–85).

Jean Rey (politician)

Jean Rey (15 July 1902 – 19 May 1983) was a Belgian politician. He served as the 2nd President of the European Commission from 1967 to 1970. He served as European Commissioner for External Relations from 1958 to 1967.


Franco Maria Malfatti

Franco Maria Malfatti () (13 June 1927 – 10 December 1991) was an Italian politician. He served as the 3rd President of the European Commission from 1970 to 1972. He served at Italian level as Italian Minister of Foreign Affairs from 1979 to 1980 and Italian Minister of Education from 1973 to 1978.

Sicco Mansholt

Sicco Leendert Mansholt (; 13 September 1908 – 29 June 1995) was a Dutch politician. He served as the 4th President of the European Commission from 1972 to 1973.

Mansholt is known as one of the founding fathers of the European Union. He served as European Commissioner for Agriculture from 1958 to 1972, Minister of Agriculture, Fishing and Food Supply from 1945 to 1958, Minister of Economic Affairs in 1948 and Acting Mayor of Wieringermeer in 1945. He was a member of the Member of the House of Representatives on several occasions.


François-Xavier Ortoli

François-Xavier Ortoli (16 February 1925 – 30 November 2007) was a French politician. He served as the 5th President of the European Commission from 1973 to 1977. He served as Minister of the Economy of France from 1968 to 1969.

Roy Jenkins

Roy Harris Jenkins, Baron Jenkins of Hillhead, (11 November 1920 – 5 January 2003) was a British Labour Party, SDP and Liberal Democrat politician, and biographer of British political leaders.

Jenkins was elected to Parliament as a Labour MP in 1948. He served as Home Secretary from 1965 to 1967 and Chancellor of the Exchequer between 1967 and 1970. He was elected Deputy Leader of the Labour Party on 8 July 1970, but resigned in 1972 because he supported entry to the European Communities, while the party opposed it.

In 1977, he was appointed President of the European Commission, serving until 1981. He was the first British holder of this office, and is likely to be the only such (considering the United Kingdom's decision in June 2016 to leave the European Union). 

He was also a known historian, biographer and writer. His "A Life at the Centre" (1991) is thought to be as one of the best autobiographies of the later 20th century, which "will be read with pleasure long after most examples of the genre have been forgotten".


Piet Dankert

Pieter "Piet" Dankert (8 January 1934 in Stiens – 21 June 2003 in Perpignan) was a Dutch politician. He was a member of the Labour Party.

From 1968 till 1981 he was a member of the Second Chamber.

In the late 1970s he moved to the European Parliament, and was President of the European Parliament from 19 January 1982 to 24 July 1984.

In the third government of Ruud Lubbers (1989–1994) he was Secretary of State for European matters.

From 1994 till 1999 he was again an MEP.

Pierre Pflimlin

Pierre Eugène Jean Pflimlin (; 5 February 1907 – 27 June 2000) was a French Christian democratic politician. He served as the Prime Minister of the Fourth Republic for a few weeks in 1958, before being replaced by Charles de Gaulle during the crisis of that year.


Enrique Barón Crespo

Enrique Barόn Crespo (born 27 March 1944 in Madrid) is a Spanish politician, economist, and lawyer. He is a member of the Spanish Socialist Workers' Party and was a member of the European Parliament for the Party of European Socialists group until 2009.

After election to the European Parliament he was President of the European Parliament (1989–1992), and was PES Group chairman from 1999 to 2004. He was Chairman of the Committee on Foreign Affairs (1992–1995).


Egon Klepsch

Egon Alfred Klepsch (January 30, 1930 – September 18, 2010.) was a German politician (CDU).

In 1979 Klepsch became chairman of the EPP parliamentary group. After he had stood in vain in 1982 for the office of President of the European Parliament, he was elected in 1992. In 1994 he retired from the European Parliament and became an advisor to Deutschen Vermögensberatungs AG.


Pat Cox

Patrick Cox (born 28 November 1952) is an Irish politician and former television presenter. He was President of the European Parliament from 2002 to 2004. He served as a member of the European Parliament from 1989 to 2004. Before this Cox was a journalist and presenter with RTÉ's "Today Tonight" and then a Teachta Dála (TD) for Cork South-Central.

Josep Borrell

Josep Borrell i Fontelles (born 24 April 1947 in La Pobla de Segur, Lleida) is a Spanish politician. He was President of the European Parliament from 20 July 2004 until 16 January 2007.


Hans-Gert Pöttering

Hans-Gert Pöttering (born 15 September 1945) is a German conservative politician (CDU, European People's Party), and was the President of the European Parliament from January 2007 to July 2009.

He has served as a Member of the European Parliament since the first elections in 1979 until 2014 and was Chairman of the European People's Party-European Democrats 1999–2007.

He is a member of the Reconciliation of European Histories Group.

Prime Minister of Luxembourg

The Prime Minister of Luxembourg is the head of government in Luxembourg. His official residence and office is in the Hôtel de Bourgogne at 4 rue de la Congrégation in the city of Luxembourg.

Before 1857, the Prime Minister was the "President of the Council". In addition to these titles, the Prime Minister uses the title "Minister of State".

Since the foundation of the party system, only one cabinet (between 1921 and 1925) has not included members of more than one party. Most of the time, governments are grand coalitions of the two largest parties, no matter their ideology; this has made Luxembourg one of the most stable democracies in the world. Two cabinets (between 1945 and 1947) included members of every party represented in the Chamber of Deputies.


Prime Minister of Croatia

The Prime Minister of Croatia (), officially the President of the Government of the Republic of Croatia (), is Croatia's head of government, and is the "de facto" the most powerful and influential state officeholder in the Croatian government.

In the formal Croatian order of precedence, however, the position of prime minister is the third highest state office, after the President of the Republic and the Speaker of the Parliament.

The Constitution of Croatia describes the role as the "Parliament supervises the Government" (Article 81) and that "the President of the Republic ensures the regular and balanced functioning and stability of government" (as a whole; Article 94), while the Government is introduced in Article 108.

The current Prime Minister of Croatia is Andrej Plenković.

The Government of Croatia meets in Banski dvori, a historical building located on the west side of St. Mark's Square in Zagreb.

There are eleven living former Heads of government (3 former Presidents of the Executive Council of SR Croatia and 8 former Prime Ministers of Croatia). The last former head of government to die was Hrvoje Šarinić (1992-1993) on 21 July 2017.

Presidents of the Executive Council of the Socialist Republic of Croatia (until 1990):

Prime Ministers of the Republic of Croatia (1990–present):

Ema Derossi-Bjelajac

Ema Derossi-Bjelajac (sometimes rendered Derosi-Bjelajac; 3 May 1926 – 20 June 2020) was a Croatian politician. She served as the President of the Presidency of the Socialist Republic of Croatia from 1985 until 1986. She was the first woman to hold a title equivalent to a head of state in modern day Croatia.


Stjepan Mesić

Stjepan "Stipe" Mesić (; born 24 December 1934) is a Croatian politician. He served as the President of Croatia from 2000 to 2010. He was the last President of the Presidency of Yugoslavia (1991) and served as Secretary General of the Non-Aligned Movement (1991), as well as Speaker of the Croatian Parliament (1992–1994), a judge in Našice and mayor of his home town of Orahovica.

Andrej Plenković

Andrej Plenković (; born 8 April 1970) is a Croatian politician and diplomat. He serves as Prime Minister of Croatia since 19 October 2016. He has been the Chairman of the Croatian Democratic Union (HDZ) since 2016.


Kolinda Grabar-Kitarović

Kolinda Grabar-Kitarović (; born 29 April 1968) is a Croatian politician and diplomat. She was the 4th President of Croatia from 2015 to 2020. She is the first woman to be elected to the office. At 46 years of age, she also became the youngest person to assume the presidency.

In 2020, she lost her re-election bid to Zoran Milanović.

President of Croatia

The President of Croatia (), officially styled the President of the Republic (), is the head of state, commander in-chief of the military and chief representative of the Republic of Croatia both within the country and abroad. 

The President is the holder of the highest office within the Croatia's government however, the president is not the head of the executive branch ("non executive president") as Croatia has a parliamentary system in which the holder of the post of Prime Minister is the most powerful person within the country's constitutional framework and within everyday's politics.


Franjo Tuđman

Franjo Tuđman, also written as Franjo Tudjman (; 14 May 1922 – 10 December 1999) was a Croatian politician and historian. He became the first President of Croatia and served as president from 1990 until his death in 1999. He was the 9th and last President of the Presidency of SR Croatia from May to July 1990.

Tom Osmond

Thomas Rulon Osmond (born October 26, 1947) is an American musician and activist. He was born in Ogden, Utah. He is known mostly as a non-performing member of the Osmond family. Osmond is the first deaf missionaries from The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints.
His siblings are Alan, Wayne, Merrill, Jay, Donny, Marie and Jimmy.

Osmond worked for the United States Postal Service for 28 years before retiring in 2014.

On July 7, 2018, Osmond underwent a quadruple bypass surgery, but suffered complications and was placed under life-support.


Lea Valley lines

The Lea Valley lines are two commuter lines and two branches in North East London. They run along the valley of the River Lea. They were part of the Great Eastern Railway and they are now part of the "Anglia Route" of Network Rail.

On 31 May 2015, services from London Liverpool Street to Chingford, Cheshunt and Enfield Town were transferred to London Overground. Services between London Liverpool Street and Stratford via Tottenham Hale to Hertford East and Bishops Stortford remain with Greater Anglia.

Save the children

The Save the Children Fund, commonly known as Save the Children, is an international NGO that promotes children's rights, provides relief, and helps support children in developing countries.

Latrine

A latrine is a toilet or an even simpler facility which is used as a toilet within a system of sanitation. For example, it can be a communal trench in the earth in a camp to be used as emergency sanitation, a hole in the ground (pit latrine), or more advanced designs, including pour-flush systems.

Liu Zhenhua

Liu Zhenhua (; 8 July 1921 – 11 July 2018) was a Chinese People's Liberation Army general (shang jiang) and politician. He was born in Tai'an, Shandong Province. He joined the Communist Party of China in 1938.

Liu fought in the Second Sino-Japanese War, Chinese Civil War and Korean War. He was a member of the 9th Central Committee of the Communist Party of China and a delegate to the 8th National People's Congress. In 1964, he was promoted to major general. He was Ambassador of China to Albania from 1971 to 1976.

Liu died in Beijing on 11 July 2018 at the age of 97.

Increment

Increment or incremental may refer to:

James Dyson

Sir James Dyson (born 2 May 1947) is a British inventor, industrial design engineer and founder of the Dyson company. He is best known as the inventor of the Dual Cyclone bagless vacuum cleaner. His net worth is £7.8 billion.

He was the Provost of the Royal College of Art from August 2011 to July 2017.

Surrey Quays railway station

Surrey Quays is a station on the East London line branch of the London Overground. 
It is located in Rotherhithe, which is part of London Borough of Southwark. It is in Travelcard Zone 2 and the next station to the north is . To the south, the railway splits into two branches. One goes to . The other goes to New Cross, Crystal Palace and West Croydon. The station was closed in late 2007 for refurbishment. It re-opened on 27 April 2010 as part of the London Overground network.

Canada Water station

Canada Water is a London Underground and London Overground station located in Rotherhithe, in south-east London, England. It takes its name from Canada Water, a lake which was created from a former dock in the Port of London.

The station is located on the Jubilee line between and Canary Wharf stations and on the London Overground East London line between and stations. It provides an interchange point between the two lines. It is in Travelcard Zone 2.

San Marino (disambiguation)

San Marino is a European country completely surrounded by Italy.

San Marino may also refer to:

Aspach

Aspach is the name or part of the name of several places:



Auenstein

Auenstein can mean:

Berne (disambiguation)

Berne can mean:



Ellikon

Ellikon may refer to several places in the canton of Zurich, Switzerland:


Hinterrhein

Hinterrhein can refer to:


Oberblegisee

Oberblegisee is a lake in the canton of Glarus, Switzerland. It is above the municipality of Luchsingen and below the peaks of Glärnisch. The surface area is .


Towcester

Towcester, the Roman town of "Lactodorum", is an affluent market town in south Northamptonshire, England.

The town is about southwest of Northampton and about northwest of Milton Keynes, the nearest main towns.

The name comes from the Latin for "Camp on the (river) Tove".

Towcester is famous for its racecourse. Many important national horse racing events are held there. Greyhound racing is also held at the same venue. In 2010 the World Hovercraft Championship was held on the racecourse.
Nearby is the Silverstone motor racing circuit, currently home to the British Grand Prix. In fiction the "Saracen's Head Inn" in Towcester features in Charles Dickens's novel "The Pickwick Papers" as one of Mr Pickwick's stopping places along what is now the A5 trunk road. 

Towcester may be the oldest town in Northamptonshire. There are Iron Age finds in the town, so it is one of the oldest continuously inhabited settlements in the country. There is evidence that it was settled by humans since the Mesolithic era (middle stone age). There is also evidence of Iron Age burials in the area.

In Roman Britain, Watling Street, now the A5 road, was built through the area. A garrison town called "Lactodurum" was built. Two candidate sites for the Battle of Watling Street, fought in 61 AD, are close to the town. 

When the Romans left in the 5th century, the area was settled by Saxons. In the 9th century, Watling Street became the frontier between the kingdom of Wessex and the Danelaw, so Towcester became a frontier town. Edward the Elder fortified Towcester in 917. In the 11th century, the Normans built a motte and bailey castle on the site. Bury Mount are the remains of the fortification and is a scheduled ancient monument. It was renovated in 2008 with an access ramp added and explanatory plaques added.

Sant'Antonino, Haute-Corse

Sant'Antonino () is a commune in the Haute-Corse department of France on the island of Corsica. It is one of Les Plus Beaux Villages de France.


Confederation of Government Employees Association Delhi

Confederation of Government Employees Association Delhi (CGEAD) is a government employees union recognized by Delhi government that represents employees serving under various departments of Delhi government.

CGEAD was established in the 1990s as a trades union and was recognized by Delhi government in 2018.

Ajay Veer Yadav serves as the General Secretary of Confederation of Government Employees Association Delhi (CGEAD). 

Sainte-Marie-aux-Mines

Sainte-Marie-aux-Mines is a commune. It is found in the Haut-Rhin department of eastern France. In 2015, 5,136 people lived there.

Sainte-Marie-aux-Mines is in the massif of the Vosges Mountains.

The valley of Sainte-Marie-aux-Mines is called the Val d'Argent. It has five municipalities: Aubure, Lièpvre, Rombach-le-Franc, and Sainte-Croix-aux-Mines.

Adelspach, Altenberg, Bourgonde, Brifosse, Clésio, la Côte d'Échéry, Échéry, Faunoux, Fenarupt, Fertrupt (Fordelbach), Haut de Faîte, la Haute Broque, le Haycot, Hergauchamps, Mongoutte, la Petite Lièpvre (Kleinleberau), le Petit Haut, le Rauenthal (le Fond-nu), Saint-Philippe, Saint-Pierre sur l'Hâte, Surlattes (Zillhardt).

Eddie Slovik, the only U.S. soldier of either World War I or World War II to be executed for desertion, suffered the fate by firing squad near the town on 31 January 1945.



Everipedia

Everipedia () is a for-profit, wiki-based online encyclopedia founded in December 2014. The site was launched in 2015 as a fork of Wikipedia. The company is headquartered in Westwood, Los Angeles, California. In 2017, Everipedia was the largest English-language encyclopedia by number of pages.

On December 6, 2017, the company said they were going to start using EOS.IO blockchain technology and work on a cryptocurrency token called IQ to encourage generating information.

Everipedia was co-founded by Sam Kazemian, Theodor Forselius, Travis Moore, Mahbod Moghadam, George Beall, and Christian Deciga. It started as a small project of Sam Kazemian and Theodor Forselius in Kazemian's college dormitory room at UCLA in December 2014. In December 2017, the site announced that co-founder of Wikipedia Larry Sanger had joined as chief information officer. On October 18, 2019, Sanger announced that he had resigned from his position at Everipedia and returned his stock holdings in Everipedia without compensation in order to establish the Knowledge Standards Foundation and develop the website Encyclosphere. Explaining the venture, Sanger said, "We need to do for encyclopedias what blogging standards did for blogs: there needs to be an 'Encyclosphere.' We should build a totally decentralized network, like the Blogosphere—or like email, IRC, blockchains, and the World Wide Web itself."

Anyone can contribute to a page by making an account. Everipedia allows users to create any page on anything as long as the content is cited and neutral, even on non-notable topics. Startups, celebrities and other contributors are permitted to create their own articles, as long as the content is sourced.

Mistakes will inevitably be introduced into articles because Everipedia is a wiki, according to Moghadam in 2017 in "Paste". The site has been criticized for presenting false information in wiki pages on breaking news topics.

Kulsoom Nawaz

Begum Kulsoom Nawaz Sharif (Urdu: بیگم كلثوم نواز شريف‬‎) (29 March 1948 – 11 September 2018) was a Pakistani politician. She was the First Lady of Pakistan three times; from 1990 to 1993, 1997 to 1999 and then from 2013 to 2017.

Kulsoom served as the President of Pakistan Muslim League-N (PML-N) from 1999 to 2002.<ref name="news18/29july2017"></ref>

Nawaz was diagnosed with lymphoma in August 2017 and died in September 2018 at the age of 70.

Terry Todd

Terry Todd (December 31, 1937 – July 7, 2018) was an American powerlifter, and Olympic weightlifter. Todd was co-founder of the H.J. Lutcher Stark Center for Physical Culture and Sports, co-editor of Iron Game History: The Journal of Physical Culture, and creator and event director of the Arnold Strongman Classic.

Todd held a career as a journalist on the staff of Sports Illustrated magazine.

Todd died on July 7, 2018 in Austin, Texas at the age of 80.

Scorpio (astrology)

Scorpio is an astrological sign, related to the constellation Scorpio, the Sun meets Scorpio from October 23 to November 22. Scorpio is associated with three different animals: the scorpion, the snake, and the eagle (or Phoenix).

Billy Knight (basketball, born 1979)

William Price Knight (January 20, 1979 – July 8, 2018) was an American professional basketball player. He was born in Los Angeles, California. His last professional stops were in Japan with Hamamatsu, Osaka, Hyogo and Yamagata. Knight helped the Hamamatsu Higashimikawa Phoenix to their first bj league title in 2009–10, when he was the league's third-leading scorer, averaging 19.6 points per game.

Knight abused an ex-girlfriend’s nine-year-old daughter and was arrested on June 13, 2018. He was found dead a month later on July 8, 2018 in Phoenix, Arizona, aged 39.


Billy Knight

William R. Knight (born June 9, 1952) is an American former professional basketball player and executive. He served as the Executive Vice President and General Manager of the National Basketball Association's Atlanta Hawks from 2003 to 2008.

Knight spent eleven seasons, from 1974–85, in the ABA and NBA as a member of the Indiana Pacers, Buffalo Braves, Boston Celtics, Kansas City Kings, and San Antonio Spurs. He scored 13,901 points in his ABA/NBA career and appeared in two All-Star games.


Darryl Rogers

Darryl Dale Rogers (May 28, 1935 – July 10, 2018) was an American football player and coach. He served as the head coach at California State College at Hayward—now known as California State University, East Bay (1965), California State University, Fresno (1966–1972), San Jose State University (1973–1975), Michigan State University (1976–1979), and Arizona State University (1980–1984).

Rogers was then the head coach of the National Football League's Detroit Lions from 1985 to 1988, where his record was 18–40. In 1991, served as head coach of the Winnipeg Blue Bombers of the Canadian Football League (CFL) coaching the Blue Bombers to a 9–9 record.

Rogers was born in Los Angeles, California. He studied at California State University, Fresno. Rogers died in Fresno, California on July 10, 2018 at the age of 83. 

Braddock, Pennsylvania

Braddock is a borough in the eastern suburbs of Pittsburgh in Allegheny County, Pennsylvania, 10 miles (16 km) from the Monongahela River. The population was 1,721 at the 2020 census. The town is named for General Edward Braddock (1695–1755). Current Lieutenant Governor Democrat John Fetterman was mayor from 2005 to 2019.

John Fetterman

John Karl Fetterman (born August 15, 1969) is an American politician who is the United States Senator from Pennsylvania since 2023. He was the 34th Lieutenant Governor of Pennsylvania from 2019 to 2023. He was the Mayor of Braddock, Pennsylvania from 2006 to 2019. 

Fetterman was the Democratic nominee for the United States Senate in the 2022 election. He defeated Republican television personality Mehmet Oz in the November general election.

Fetterman was born in West Reading, Pennsylvania. He graduated from Albright College, the University of Connecticut and Harvard University. In 2008, he married Gisele Barreto Fetterman. They have three children. 

In June 2022, Fetterman announced he was diagnosed with cardiomyopathy.

He won the Braddock mayoral primary election in 2005 by a single vote, and was re-elected in 2009, 2013, and 2017.

As mayor, Fetterman became known for trying to modernize the economy in Braddock, with an article in "The New York Times", an appearance on Comedy Central's "The Colbert Report", and a Levi's jeans ad. He has made equality, environmental protection, gay rights, immigration, and marijuana legalization major campaign issues.

Fetterman ran for the United States Senate in 2016, but was lost in the Democratic primary. Fetterman was the Democratic nominee for Lieutenant Governor of Pennsylvania in the 2018 election against Republican Jeff Bartos. He won the general election in November 2018 along with Tom Wolf as Governor.

Fetterman supported Senator Bernie Sanders for President of the United States in the 2016 presidential election.

On November 14, 2017, Fetterman announced that he would run for the Democratic nomination for Lieutenant Governor of Pennsylvania, running against then-Lieutenant Governor Mike Stack. On May 15, Fetterman won the Democratic primary for Lieutenant Governor. Fetterman was a part of the Democratic ticket along with incumbent Governor Tom Wolf. On November 6, 2018, Wolf and Fetterman beat the Republican ticket of Scott Wagner and Jeff Bartos in the general election.

During his time as Lieutenant Governor, he is known for his statewide tours talking about the benefits of legalizing marijuana.

In November 2020, Fetterman received national press coverage for saying Donald Trump was "no different than any other random internet troll" and that he "can sue a ham sandwich" in response to Trump threatening to file lawsuits in Pennsylvania alleging voter fraud in the 2020 presidential election.

Fetterman resigned as lieutenant governor on January 3, 2023 in order to be sworn-in for the United States Senate.

Fetterman announced an exploratory committee to run for the United States Senate in the 2022 election in January. On February 8, 2021, he officially entered the U.S. Senate race.

In May 2022, Fetterman was hospitalized for a stroke in Lancaster, Pennsylvania a few days before the Senate primary and made a good recovery. He won the Democratic nomination in a landslide victory, winning over 59% of the vote and all of Pennsylvania's 67 counties.

In November 2022, Fetterman defeated Mehmet Oz in the general election.

Fetterman was sworn-in on January 3, 2023 as Pennsylvania's junior United States Senator. In February 2023, Fetterman was hospitalized twice, with the last hospitalization treating his clinical depression.


 

Shridath Ramphal

Sir Shridath Surendranath "Sonny" Ramphal (born 3 October 1928) is a Guyanese politician. He was the second Commonwealth Secretary-General, from 1975 to 1990. He was the Foreign Minister of Guyana, from 1972 to 1975, and Assistant Attorney General of the West Indies Federation from 1958 to 1962.

Ramphal is an Earth Charter International Commission member.


Emeka Anyaoku

Chief Emeka Anyaoku, GCVO, CFR, CON (born 18 January 1933) is a Nigerian politician. He was the third Commonwealth Secretary-General. He is also a vice-president of the Royal Commonwealth Society.

Emeka Anyaoku joined the Commonwealth Development Corporation in 1959 and In early 1962, Anyaoku came in contact with Sir Abubakar Tafawa Belewa (Prime Minister of Nigeria)

Commonwealth Secretary-General

The Commonwealth Secretary-General is the head of the Commonwealth Secretariat, the central body which has served the Commonwealth of Nations since its establishment in 1965. They are responsible for representing the Commonwealth publicly.

The Commonwealth Secretary-General should not be confused with the Head of the Commonwealth, who is currently Elizabeth II.

Arnold Smith

Arnold Cantwell Smith (January 18, 1915 – February 7, 1994) was a Canadian diplomat. He was the first Commonwealth Secretary-General, serving from 1965 to 1975.

In 1975 he was made a member of the Order of the Companions of Honour. In 1984, he was made an Officer of the Order of Canada for "a long and distinguished diplomatic career".


Don McKinnon

Sir Donald Charles McKinnon (born 27 February 1939) is a New Zealand politician. He is a former Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Foreign Affairs of New Zealand. He was the Secretary-General of the Commonwealth of Nations from 2000 until 2008.


Kamalesh Sharma

Kamalesh Sharma, GCVO (born 30 September 1941) is an Indian diplomat. He was the 5th Secretary General of the Commonwealth of Nations from 2008 to 2016. He served as the High Commissioner for India in London.

Patricia Scotland

Patricia Janet Scotland, Baroness Scotland of Asthal (born 19 August 1955) is an English politician and barrister. She served in ministerial positions within the UK Government, mainly as the Attorney General for England and Wales and Advocate General for Northern Ireland. In 2015, she was elected the 6th Secretary-General of the Commonwealth of Nations and took office on 1 April 2016. She is the first woman to hold the post.

She is a dual citizen of the United Kingdom and Dominica.

Commonwealth Chair-in-Office

The Commonwealth Chair-in-Office (CIO) is the chief executive and presiding officer of the Commonwealth of Nations, and is one of the main leadership positions in the Commonwealth. It is held by the host chairperson of the previous Commonwealth Heads of Government Meeting (CHOGM), and is maintained until the next CHOGM.

Olusegun Obasanjo

Chief Olusegun Mathew Okikiola Aremu Obasanjo, GCFR, Ph.D.
(; born 5 May 1937) is a Nigerian politician and general. He was President of Nigeria from 1999 to 2007. He was a military ruler from 13 February 1976 to 1 October 1979, and a democratically elected president from 29 May 1999 to 29 May 2007.

From July 2004 to January 2006, Obasanjo also was Chairperson of the African Union.

In August 2021, the African Union appointed Olusegun Obasanjo as High Representative for Peace in the Horn of Africa.


Lawrence Gonzi

Lawrence Gonzi (born 1 July 1953) is a Maltese politician. He served for twenty-five years in Maltese politics. Gonzi was Prime Minister of Malta from 2004 to 2013, and leader of the Nationalist Party. He also served as speaker of the House from 1988 to 1996, and Minister of Social Policy from 1998 to 2004, as well as Deputy Prime Minister from 1999 to 2004.

Maithripala Sirisena

Pallewatte Gamaralalage Maithripala Yapa Sirisena (; ; ; born 3 September 1951) is a Sri Lankan politician and the 7th President of Sri Lanka from January 2015 through November 2019. 

Joseph Muscat

Joseph Muscat (born January 22, 1974) is a Maltese politician. He was Prime Minister of Malta from 2013 through 2020. He is also the Leader of the "Partit Laburista" (PL) since June 2008. Muscat was re-elected as Prime Minister in 2017.

He was a Member of the European Parliament (MEP) from 2004 to 2008. He was Leader of the Opposition from October 2008 to March 2013.

He has been seen as a controversial politician due to broken promises and corruption. His cabinet has been linked to the murder of journalist Daphne Caruana Galizia.

In December 2019, Muscat announced he would resign on January 12, 2020. He resigned on January 13, 2020.

Karmenu Mifsud Bonnici

Karmenu Mifsud Bonnici (17 July 1933 – 5 November 2022) was a Maltese politician. He served as Prime Minister of Malta from December 1984 to May 1987. He is a member of the Labour Party.

In August 2022, Bonnici was hospitalized for a heart arrhythmia.

Eddie Fenech Adami

Edoardo "Eddie" Fenech Adami (born 7 February 1934) is a Maltese politician. He served as Prime Minister of Malta from 1987 until 1996, and again from 1998 until 2004. He was the seventh President of Malta from 2004 to 2009. He is pro-European, Fenech Adami is the longest serving Maltese prime minister since Malta's independence, and was important for Malta being part of the European Union.

Alfred Sant

Alfred Sant (born 28 February 1948) is a Maltese politician and a novelist. He led the Labour Party from 1992 to 2008. He served as Prime Minister of Malta between 1996 and 1998 and as Leader of the Opposition from 1992 to 1996 and from 1998 to 2008.

Prime Minister of Malta

The Prime Minister of Malta () is the Head of Government, which is the highest official of Malta. The office of "Head of Ministry" was created as soon as Malta was granted autonomous government in 1921.

The President of Malta, who heads the Executive branch, appoints the Prime Minister. The Prime Minister advises the President on the appointment of the other Ministers.

As minister in his own right the Prime Minister is responsible for a number of departments of government. The Office of the Prime Minister (OPM) has been based at the Auberge de Castille in Valletta since 1972, playing a central role in decision-making apart from being the administrative headquarters of the Government.

President of Malta

The President of Malta () is the head of state of Malta. The President is appointed by a resolution of the House of Representatives of Malta for a five-year term, taking an oath to "preserve, protect and defend" the Constitution. 

The President of Malta also resides directly or indirectly in all three branches of the state. They are part of Parliament and responsible for the appointment of the judiciary. They also help appoint the Prime Minister.


 there were four living former Maltese Heads of State:

Marie-Louise Coleiro Preca

Marie-Louise Coleiro Preca, (born 7 December 1958) is a Maltese politician. She was the 9th President of Malta from April 2014 to April 2019. She served as a member of the Labour Party, she was a Member of Parliament in the Parliament of Malta from 1998 to 2014, and served as the Minister of the Family and Social Solidarity from March 2013 to March 2014.

Ugo Mifsud Bonnici

Ugo Mifsud Bonnici, (born 8 November 1932) is a Maltese politician. He was the fifth President of Malta from 4 April 1994 until the same day in 1999.

George Abela

George Abela (born 22 April 1948) is a Maltese politician. He was President of Malta from April 2009 to April 2014. His son, Robert Abela, is the 14th Prime Minister of Malta.

Qormi

Qormi ( ; in the Qormi dialect), also known by its title Città Pinto, is a city in the Southern Region of Malta, located southwest of Valletta in the centre of the island. It has a population of 16,779 (as of March 2014), which makes it the fifth largest locality in Malta.

Birgu

Birgu ( , ), also known by its title Città Vittoriosa, is an old city on the south side of the Grand Harbour in the South Eastern Region of Malta. In the 1950s, it was the "de-facto" capital city of Malta.

Cospicua

Cospicua ( ), also known by its titles Città Cospicua or Civitas Cottonera, is a city in the South Eastern Region of Malta. With Birgu and Senglea, it is one of the Three Cities, located within the Grand Harbour to the east of the capital city Valletta. 

With a population of 5,395 as of March 2014, it is the most dense city of the Three Cities.

The Maltese name "Bormla" or "Burmula" comes from "Bir Mula" that means "[the] well of the Lord".

Three Cities

The Three Cities is a description of the three cities of Birgu, Senglea and Cospicua in Malta. The oldest of the Three Cities is Birgu, which has existed since the Middle Ages. The other two cities, Senglea and Cospicua, were both founded by the Order of Saint John in the 16th and 17th centuries. They are surrounded by the Cottonera Lines.

Together, the Three Cities have a total population of 10,808 people as of March 2014.

Grand Harbour

The Grand Harbour, also known as the Port of Valletta, is a natural harbour on the island of Malta. It has been modified over the years with docks, wharves, and fortifications.

Mdina

Mdina a city in the Northern Region of Malta. It served as the island's capital until the medieval period. The city is still build within its walls, and has a population of just under 300.

Victoria, Gozo

Victoria (, meaning "the city Victoria"), also known among the native Maltese as Rabat (which is the name of the old town centre) or by its title Città Victoria, is the capital city of Gozo, the second largest island of Malta. The city has a total population of 6,901 (as of March 2014).

Gozo

Gozo (; , , formerly Gaulos) is an island of the Maltese archipelago in the Mediterranean Sea. The island is part of Malta. It is the second-largest island in Malta. Gozo is more rural and known for its scenic hills, which are featured on its coat of arms.

Malta (island)

Malta is an Island in Europe and the largest of the three major islands that constitute the Maltese archipelago. It is sometimes referred to as Valletta. Malta is in the middle of the Mediterranean Sea directly south of Italy and north of Libya. The island is long and wide. The capital is Valletta. The island is made up of many small towns.

Comino

Comino (), formerly called Ephaestia, is a small island of the Maltese archipelago between the islands of Malta and Gozo in the Mediterranean Sea. It is in area. It has a population of only three residents, following the death of the fourth resident in 2017. 

Cominotto

Cominotto (), sometimes referred to as "Cominetto", is a Mediterranean island of the northern coast of Malta. The island is uninhabited, meaning no one lives here. It measures only in area it is the second largest uninhabited island of Malta, Cominoto lies to the north west of Comino.

Filfla

Filfla is a small uninhabited islet south of Malta, and is the most southerly point of the Maltese Archipelago. "filflu" (or "filfluu"), a small rocky islet some southwest of Filfla, has the southernmost point of Malta. 

St Paul's Island

St Paul's Island (Maltese: "Il-Gżejjer ta' San Pawl"), also known as Selmunett, is a small island off Selmun near the north-east of the main island of Malta. St Paul's Island is sometimes split into two islands and it is sometimes called to in the plural as St Paul's Islands. 

St Paul's Island has been uninhabited since World War II, and it is the second largest uninhabited island of Malta, having an area of .

There are many shipwrecks on the island.

Manoel Island

Manoel Island () is a small island which forms part of Gżira in Marsamxett Harbour, Malta. It is named after the Portuguese Grand Master António Manoel de Vilhena.

Manoel Island is a flat island shaped roughly like a leaf. The island is connected to mainland Malta by a bridge. The whole island can be viewed from the bastions of the capital Valletta.

Marsamxett Harbour

Marsamxett Harbour, also known as Marsamuscetto, is a natural harbour on the island of Malta. It is located to the north of the larger Grand Harbour. The harbour is generally more dedicated to tourist use than the Grand Harbour.

Ħalfa Rock

Ħalfa Rock (Maltese: "Il-Ġebla tal-Ħalfa "or Il-Blata tal-Ħalfa) is a deserted small islet and limestone rock on the south-east coast of the island of Gozo in the Maltese archipelago.

San Lawrenz

San Lawrenz () is a town on the island of Gozo, Malta. It has a population of 748, as of March 2014. The town is known for being located near Fungus Rock, and formerly also the Azure Window landmark before its collapse in 2017.

Senglea

Senglea, also known by its title Città Invicta (or Civitas Invicta), is a city in the South Eastern Region of Malta. It is one of the Three Cities in the Grand Harbour area, the other two being Cospicua and Vittoriosa. It has a population of slightly below three thousand people. 


Siġġiewi

Siġġiewi (, ), also called by its title Città Ferdinand, is a city and a local council in the Southern Region of Malta. It is the third largest council in Malta after Rabat and Mellieħa respectively. It is near Mdina, the ancient capital city of Malta, and away from Valletta. It is the home of 8367 inhabitants as of March 2014.

Mellieħa

Mellieħa is a small town in the Northern Region of Malta. It has a population of 10,087 as of March 2014. Mellieħa is also a tourist resort, popular for its sandy beaches and natural environment.

Żabbar

Żabbar (, ), also known as Città Hompesch, is a city in the South Eastern Region of Malta. It is the sixth largest city in the country, with a population of 15,404 as of March 2014. Żabbar was granted the title of "Città Hompesch".

Żebbuġ

Żebbuġ, also known by its title Città Rohan, is a city in the Southern Region of Malta. It is one of the oldest cities in the country, and its population is 11,903 as of March 2014.

Żejtun

Żejtun ( ) is a city in the South Eastern Region of Malta, with a population of 11,508 in March 2014. Żejtun holds the title of Città Beland. Before that, the village was known as Casal Santa Caterina.

President of Uganda

The President of the Republic of Uganda is the head of state and head of government of Uganda. The president leads the executive branch of the Government of Uganda and is the commander-in-chief of the Uganda People's Defence Force.

In 2005 presidential term limits were removed, and in 2017 the removal of the previous upper age limit of 75 was also announced.

Prime Minister of Uganda

The Prime Minister of Uganda is in charge of the Cabinet of Uganda, although the President is the effective head of government. Robinah Nabbanja has been the Prime Minister since 21 June 2021.

The post of Prime Minister was created for the first time in 1962. In 1966, Prime Minister Milton Obote suspended the Constitution, abolished the post of Prime Minister, and declared himself President. In 1980, the post of Prime Minister was re-established.

Ruhakana Rugunda

Ruhakana Rugunda (born 7 November 1947) is a Ugandan politician. He has been Prime Minister of Uganda since 2014 under President Yoweri Museveni. He served as Uganda's Minister of Foreign Affairs from 1994 to 1996 and as Minister of Internal Affairs from 2003 to 2009. He also served as the Permanent Representative to the United Nations from 2009 to 2011 and Minister of Health from 2013 to 2014.

List of prime ministers of Trinidad and Tobago

The Prime Minister of Trinidad and Tobago have control of the government rests with the Cabinet. The Prime Minister and Cabinet are answerable to the House of Representatives. They have a five year term limit and are democratically elected by the citizens of Trinidad and Tobago. There is currently no limit on the number of times a particular individual can be elected as Prime Minister.

There are one living former Prime Ministers:

Keith Rowley

The Rt Hon. Dr. Keith Christopher Rowley MP (born 24 October 1949) is the current Prime Minister of Trinidad and Tobago, in office since September 2015. He has led the People's National Movement (PNM) since May 2010. He has also served as the Member of the House of Representatives for Diego Martin West since 1991. 

George Chambers

George Michael Chambers ORTT (4 October 1928 – 4 November 1997) was the second Prime Minister of Trinidad and Tobago. He served as Assistant General Secretary of the PNM before becoming Parliamentary Secretary in the Ministry of Finance in 1966. From there he went on to serve as Minister of Finance, Public Utilities, Housing, National Security, Education, Planning, Industry/Commerce and Agriculture.


Paula-Mae Weekes

Paula-Mae Weekes (born December 23, 1958) is the 6th and current president of Trinidad and Tobago. She took office on 19 March 2018 and became the first woman to hold the office of President.

President of Sri Lanka

The President of the Democratic Socialist Republic of Sri Lanka ( "Śrī Laṃkā Janādhipathi"; "Ilankai janātipati") is the executive head of state and head of government of Sri Lanka and commander-in-chief of the Sri Lankan Armed Forces.

The office was created in 1972 as the head of state and becoming the head of government in 1978. The office is the single most dominant political office in the country.


Prime Minister of Sri Lanka

The Prime Minister of the Democratic Socialist Republic of Sri Lanka ( ; ) is the most senior member of parliament in the cabinet of ministers in Sri Lanka. They are in charge for their policies and actions to parliament. The President is both head of state and head of government in Sri Lanka. Since 1978, most prime ministers have served as mere deputies to the executive presidency, while at times served as the "de-facto" head of government.


 The most recent death of a former Prime Minister was that of D. M. Jayaratne (2010–2015) on 18 November 2019, aged 88.

Jusuf Gazibegović

Jusuf Gazibegović (born 11 March 2000) is a Bosnian football player. He plays for SK Sturm Graz in the Austrian Football Bundesliga as a defender.
Gazibegovic started in the youth teams of Red Bull Salzburg. Then he went on to the football academy of FC Red Bull Salzburg from 2016 to 2018. He also played for the UEFA Youth League squad in 2017–18. There he scored one goal against Girondis Bordeaux.

In the 2018-19 season he plays in the regular team of Liefering. In September 2020 Gazibegović went on to Sturm Graz.

Sturm Graz

Ranil Wickremesinghe

Ranil Wickremesinghe, MP (, ; born 24 March 1949) is a Sri Lankan politician who is the 9th President of Sri Lanka since 13 July 2022 and his election on 20 July 2022. He was the Prime Minister of Sri Lanka from 12 May 2022 until 20 July 2022. He was Prime Minister before from 1993 to 1994, 2001 to 2004 and 2015 to 2019.

Before, he was Prime Minister of Sri Lanka two times, from 7 May 1993 to 19 August 1994 and from 9 December 2001 to 6 April 2004. A member of the United National Party he was nominated as party leader in November 1994. He is also the leader of the United National Front having been nominated head of the organization in October 2009.

On 9 July 2022, Wickremesinghe announced he was ready to resign to make way for an all-party government as protesters stormed and burned his residence that day. Later in the evening, protesters broke into the Wickremesinghe's private residence in Colombo and set it on fire.

On 15 July 2022, Wickremesinghe was nominated as the United National Party's presidential nominee for the 2022 presidential election. He was elected president on 20 July 2022 and was sworn-in the next day.

Abbas Amir-Entezam

Abbas Amir-Entezam (18 August 1932 – 12 July 2018) was an Iranian politician and political prisoner. He was the spokesman and deputy prime minister in the Interim Cabinet of Mehdi Bazargan in 1979.

In 1981 he was sentenced to life imprisonment on charges of spying for the United States. He was "the longest-held political prisoner in the Islamic Republic of Iran". According to Fariba Amini, as of 2006 he had "been in jail for 17 years and in and out of jail for the last ten years, altogether for 27 years."

Amir-Entezam died on 12 July 2018 in Tehran at the age of 85.

Prime Minister of Ethiopia

The Prime Minister of Ethiopia is the head of the Ethiopian government and the most powerful figure in Ethiopian politics. Although the President of Ethiopia is the country's head of state, his powers are largely ceremonial, the constitution states that the Prime Minister has more power and serves as chief executive.

The official residence of the prime minister, is "Menelik Palace" in Addis Ababa. The current Prime Minister is Abiy Ahmed of EPRDF, the twelfth person to hold the position.

Chairperson of the African Union

The Chairperson of the African Union is the ceremonial head of the African Union elected by the Assembly of Heads of State and Government for a one-year term.

A candidate must be supported by at least two-thirds of the member states or by consensus. The chairperson is expected to complete the term without resignations or impeachment.

Mohamed Ould Abdel Aziz

Mohamed Ould Abdel Aziz ( "Muḥammad Wald ‘Abd al-‘Azīz"; born 20 December 1956) was the President of Mauritania from 2009 to 2019.

Ould Abdel Aziz was a member of the military junta which ousted President Ould Taya in 2005. Following the 2008 coup, Abdel Aziz became President of the High Council of State as part of what was described as a political transition leading to a new election. He resigned from that post in April 2009 in order to stand as a candidate in the July 2009 presidential election, which he won. He was sworn in on 5 August 2009.

Abdel Aziz also served as the Chairman of the African Union from 2014 to 2015.

On July 9, 2020, Mohamed Abdel Aziz was to respond to the convening of a Parliamentary Commission of Inquiry tasked with writing a "report". In the aftermath, the Mauritanian justice started to boil in a race against the clock for the construction of the High court of justice, only authorized to judge the president of the republic in the event of high treason.

In October 2023, the prosecutor requests 20 years in prison with confiscation of the property of Mohamed Ould Abdel Aziz.

Bingu wa Mutharika

Bingu wa Mutharika (born Brightson Webster Ryson Thom; 24 February 1934 – 5 April 2012) was a Malawian politician and economist. He was President of Malawi from May 2004 until his death in April 2012. He was also President of the Democratic Progressive Party. He was also Chairperson of the African Union in 2010–2011. He died of cardiac arrest in Lilongwe while in office on 5 April 2012, at age 78.

Peter Mutharika

Arthur Peter Mutharika (; born 18 July 1939) is a Malawian politician, educator and lawyer. He was President of Malawi from 31 May 2014 until he lost his re-election bid on June 28, 2020. He informally served as an adviser to his older brother, President Bingu wa Mutharika, on issues of foreign and domestic policy from the onset of his election campaign until the President's death on 5 April 2012.

In August 2021, the Constitutional Court examines an appeal lodged by the Progressive Democratic Party of Peter Mutharika. He calls for the cancellation of the 2020 presidential election because four of his representatives had been banned from sitting on the Electoral Commission.

Bakili Muluzi

Elson Bakili Muluzi (born March 17, 1943 in Machinga, Nyasaland) is a Malawian politician. He was the first freely elected President of Malawi from 1994 to 2004. He was also chairman of the United Democratic Front (UDF) until 2009. He replaced Hastings Kamuzu Banda as Malawi's president. He also served in Banda's cabinet as Minister without Portfolio, before retiring in 1980.


President of Malawi

The President of the Republic of Malawi is the head of state and head of government of Malawi. The president leads the executive branch of the Government of Malawi and is the commander-in-chief of the Malawian Defence Force.

The succession to the throne was the same as the succession to the British throne.

The Governor-General was the representative of the monarch in Malawi and exercised most of the powers of the monarch. The Governor-General was appointed for an indefinite term, serving at the pleasure of the monarch. After the passage of the Statute of Westminster 1931, the Governor-General was appointed solely on the advice of the Cabinet of Malawi without the involvement of the British government. In the event of a vacancy the Chief Justice served as Officer Administering the Government.

Joyce Banda

Joyce Hilda Banda (née Mtila; born 12 April 1950) is a Malawian politician. She was the President of Malawi from 7 April 2012 to 31 May 2014. She is the founder and leader of the People's Party, created in 2011. She was Minister of Foreign Affairs from 2006 to 2009 and Vice-President of Malawi from May 2009 to April 2012.

John Magufuli

Dr John Joseph Magufuli (29 October 1959 – 17 March 2021) was a Tanzanian politician. He was the President of Tanzania from 2015 until his death. During the COVID-19 pandemic in Tanzania, Magufuli became known for not believing that the virus was real or a threat.

He was in the Cabinet of Tanzania as Deputy Minister of Works from 1995 to 2000, Minister of Works from 2000 to 2006, Minister of Lands and Human Settlement from 2006 to 2008, Minister of Livestock and Fisheries from 2008 to 2010, and as Minister of Works for a second time from 2010 to 2015. 

Beginning in late February 2021, Magufuli was not seen publicly and rumors arose that he was hospitalized with COVID-19. On 10 March 2021, a Kenyan newspaper reported that an "African leader" was in bad health because of COVID. 

Magufuli died at a Dar es Salaam hospital on 17 March 2021, aged 61. The cause of death was said to be heart failure by the Tanzanian government.

President of Tanzania

The President of the United Republic of Tanzania () is the head of state and head of government of Tanzania. The president leads the executive branch of the Government of Tanzania and is the commander-in-chief of the armed forces.


Benjamin Mkapa

Benjamin William Mkapa (November 12, 1938 – July 24, 2020) was a Tanzanian politician. He was the third President of Tanzania, in office from 1995 to 2005. He was also Chairman of the Revolutionary State Political Party (Chama Cha Mapinduzi, CCM).

Mkapa died on July 24, 2020 in Dar es Salaam, Tanzania at the age of 81.

Jakaya Kikwete

Jakaya Mrisho Kikwete (born 7 October 1951) was the fourth President of Tanzania, in office from 2005 to 2015. He has also served as the Chairman of the African Union in 2008–2009 and the Chairman of the Southern African Development Community Troika on Peace, Defence and Security in 2012–2013.

Prime Minister of Tanzania

The Prime Minister of the United Republic of Tanzania is the leader of government business in the National Assembly. The position works closely with the President, the head of government.

The functions and powers of the Prime Minister are described in the Constitution of Tanzania:

Salim Ahmed Salim

Salim Ahmed Salim (, Urdu: , , born 23 January 1942) is a Tanzanian diplomat. He was the 4th Prime Minister of Tanzania from 24 April 1984 to 5 November 1985.


Cleopa Msuya

Cleopa David Msuya (born 4 January 1931) is a Tanzanian politician. He was Prime Minister of Tanzania from 7 November 1980 to 24 February 1983 and again from 7 December 1994 to 28 November 1995.

Kassim Majaliwa

Kassim Majaliwa Majaliwa (born 22 December 1960) is a Tanzanian politician. He is the Prime Minister of Tanzania since 2015. He was appointed by President John Magufuli after the 2015 general election. He is a member of the ruling Chama Cha Mapinduzi party and has been a Member of Parliament for Ruangwa constituency since 2010.

Rotherhithe

Rotherhithe () is a residential district in south east London. It is part of the London Borough of Southwark. Historically, the area was the most northeastern settlement in the county of Surrey. It is located on a peninsula on the South Bank of the River Thames and is a part of the Docklands area. It borders Bermondsey to the west and Deptford to the south east and faces Wapping and the Isle of Dogs on the north bank of the river.

The Rotherhithe Tunnel is a road tunnel under the River Thames. It connects Limehouse in the London Borough of Tower Hamlets north of the river to Rotherhithe south of the river. A road runs through it called the A101. It was opened in 1908. It is a rare example of a road tunnel where road traffic, pedestrians and cyclists all share the same tunnel. Transport for London took over ownership and maintenance of the tunnel in 2001. 

Samora Machel

Samora Moisés Machel (29 September 1933 – 19 October 1986) was a Mozambican military commander, politician and revolutionary. He served as the first President of Mozambique from the country's independence in 1975. 

Machel died in office in 1986 when his presidential aircraft crashed near the Mozambique-South Africa border.


Joaquim Chissano

Joaquim Alberto Chissano (born 22 October 1939) is a politician. He served as the second President of Mozambique, from 1986 to 2005. He is known for transforming the war-torn country of Mozambique into one of the most successful African democracies. Chissano also served as Chairperson of the African Union from 2003 to 2004.

Armando Guebuza

Armando Emílio Guebuza (born 20 January 1943) is a Mozambican politician. He was President of Mozambique from 2005 to 2015.

In August 2021, his son Ndambi Guebuza was tried for corruption.


List of presidents of Mozambique

The following is a list of heads of state of Mozambique, since the establishment of the office of President in 1975.




Filipe Nyusi

Filipe Jacinto Nyusi (, born 9 February 1959), also spelled Nyussi, is a Mozambican politician. He serves as the fourth President of Mozambique, in office since 2015.


St Michael's Mount

St Michael's Mount is a small tidal island in Mount's Bay, Cornwall, England. The island is a civil parish and is linked to the town of Marazion by a man-made granite causeway, passable when the water is lower. The population of the parish in 2011 was 35. The castle and chapel have been the home of the St Aubyn family since about 1650, and is managed by the National Trust. The earliest buildings, on the summit, date from the 12th century.

The Mount is a kind of twin to Mont Saint-Michel on the French side of the Channel.

Barbara Underwood

Barbara Dale Underwood (born August 16, 1944) is an American lawyer. She was the New York State Attorney General from May 8, 2018, to December 31, 2018. She was the first woman to serve as Attorney General in the State of New York. She served as the Solicitor General of New York, first appointed to the position by New York Attorney General Andrew Cuomo in January 2007, and reappointed in 2011 by New York Attorney General Eric Schneiderman.

Theodore Olson

Theodore Bevry Olson (born September 11, 1940) is an American lawyer. Olson served as United States Solicitor General (June 2001-July 2004) under President George W. Bush.

In March 2018, Olson turned down an offer to represent Donald Trump in the probe of Russian interference in the 2016 United States elections.

Olson's third wife, Barbara Kay Olson (née Bracher), an attorney and conservative commentator, was a passenger on the hijacked American Airlines Flight 77 that crashed into the Pentagon on September 11, 2001. She planned to leave to California on after celebrating Olson's birthday

Barbara Olson

Barbara Kay Olson (née Bracher; December 27, 1955 September 11, 2001) was an American lawyer and conservative television commentator. She was born in Houston, Texas. She worked for CNN, Fox News Channel, and several other outlets. She was married to Solicitor General Theodore Olson.

Olson was a passenger on American Airlines Flight 77 en route to California when it was flown into The Pentagon in the September 11 attacks. Her original plan had been to fly to California on September 10, but she delayed her departure until the next morning so that she could wake up with her husband on his birthday, September 11.

Rick Rescorla

Cyril Richard Rescorla (May 27, 1939 – September 11, 2001) was a United States Army officer and private security officer of British origin. He was a commissioned officer in the Vietnam War, where he was a second lieutenant in the United States Army.

As the director of security for the financial services firm Morgan Stanley at the World Trade Center, Rescorla knew of a future attack on the towers following the 1993 bombings and created evacuation procedures which many believed he helped saved many lives. He died during the attacks of September 11, 2001, while leading evacuees from the South Tower.

Sekou Koita

Sekou Koita (born 28 November 1999) is a Malian football player. He plays for Austrian Bundesliga club Red Bull Salzburg and the Mali national team.

Sekou Koita started playing football for Union Sportive des Clubs de Kita and Centre Latika de Bamako. He had his first senior appearances for AS Bakaridjan, then he played for USC Kita. In 2017 he came to Austria, signing for the Austrian side FC Red Bull Salzburg. He went on loan to FC Liefering. In 2019 he came back to Red Bull Salzburg.

Red Bull Salzburg

Mali U-17

Mali U-20

Mali

Semiaquatic

Semi-aquatic animals spend part of their life on land, and part in the water. Such animals include:
Some plants have also adapted to being both in the water and on land.

London Docklands

London Docklands is the name for the riverfront and former docks in London, the capital of the United Kingdom. It is in east and southeast London and it is part of the boroughs of Southwark, Tower Hamlets, Lewisham, Newham and Greenwich. The docks used to be part of the Port of London. 

After the docks closed, the area became derelict and poverty-stricken. The Docklands' regeneration began in the 1980s. The area has been redeveloped for commercial and residential use. The name London Docklands was used for the first time in a government report on redevelopment plans in 1971. The redevelopment created wealth but also led to conflict between the new and old communities in the area.

The docks served the Port of London, once one of the largest ports in the world. The docks and associated buildings (such as warehouses) were largely destroyed by bombing in the early part of the Second World War. Although they were working again by the late 1950s, as cargo ships got larger, that the port began to lose trade. A government decision was taken to build a new large container port on the east coast of England was carried out. That container port is at Felixstowe, and is served mostly by road transport motorways. Finally, the value of property in London made it possible to rebuild the old port areas into high-value property. Canary Wharf is the best-known redevelopment.

Isle of Dogs

The Isle of Dogs, is a geographic area of London made up of Millwall, Cubitt Town, Canary Wharf and parts of Blackwall, Limehouse and Poplar. It is locally called the island, It is in the East End of London and is bounded on three sides (east, south and west) by a large meander in the River Thames. The northern boundary has never been clearly defined but many people accept it to be the (former) line of the West India South Dock. The name Isle of Dogs had no official status until 1987, when Tower Hamlets London Borough Council created the "Isle of Dogs Neighbourhood".

Alain Fauré

Alain Fauré (1 October 1962 – 12 July 2018) was a French politician. He was born in Pamiers, France.

He served as a Deputy from 2012 to 2017 and as Mayor of Les Pujols from 2001 to 2014.

On 12 July 2018, Fauré died at his home in Les Pujols, France, aged 55.

Julius Maada Bio

Julius Maada Wonie Bio (born May 12, 1964) is a Sierra Leonean politician. He is the 5th and current President of Sierra Leone since April 4, 2018.

Bio is a retired Brigadier General in the Sierra Leone Army and was the military Head of State of Sierra Leone from January 16, 1996 to March 29, 1996 under the National Provisional Ruling Council (NPRC) military Junta government.

Magnavox Odyssey

The Magnavox Odyssey is a home video game console made by Magnavox in 1972. It is the first video game console ever made. It is part of the Magnavox Odyssey series.
The console could only display three square dots on the screen, and they could be moved with two controllers. To get a different game, you had to put a sheet of plastic on the TV screen and insert a card into the console that matches the number. It has no switch. The games start automatically if the console is powered.

Poplar, London

Poplar is an area of the London Borough of Tower Hamlets in East London. It is about 5.5 miles (8.9 km) east of Charing Cross. Poplar gets its name from the black poplar tree, a large and locally rare species. 

Mordern Poplar was originally known as the Metropolitan Borough of Poplar in 1900, this included Limehouse, Blackwall and the Isle of Dogs areas. In 1965, it merged with the Metropolitan Boroughs of Stepney and Bethnal Green to form the new London Borough of Tower Hamlets. 

Poplar is served by Poplar DLR station on the Docklands Light Railway.

2018 Japan floods

The 2018 Japan floods were a major natural disaster in western Japan. Heavy rain began on 28 June 2018 when a Meiyu front became stationary over Japan. The front extended west from a non-tropical low near Hokkaidō.

Deadly flooding began on 5 July, mostly in the Kansai region. Several areas saw their greatest one-hour and three-day rainfall totals on record.

The Japan Meteorological Agency (JMA) issued heavy rain warnings for areas of western Japan. Hiroshima, Okayama, Ehime, Fukuoka, Nagasaki and Kyoto were among the areas included in the heavy rain warnings.

Over 200 people were killed due to the flooding. Rescuers raced to look for survivors of the floods.


D-Generation X

D-Generation X (also known as DX) is a stable formed in the WWE by Triple H, Shawn Michaels and Chyna etc. D-Generation X was a key part of the WWE's Attitude Era.

D-Generation X was formed in 1997 by members of the Clique (Shawn Michaels, Triple H) and Triple H's bodyguard Chyna. Their 'insurance policy' ie bodyguard, Rick Rude also joined soon after. Michaels and Triple H were friends in real life.

D-Generation X feuded with the Hart Foundation stable through most of 1997, culminating with Bret Hart's controversial 'Montreal Screwjob' loss to Shawn Michaels at Survivor Series 1997. They reformed in 1998, dropping Michaels and adding Road Dogg, Billy Gunn and X-Pac. The newly formed group would 'take over' a WCW event in 1998 by interviewing fans at a taping of WCW Monday Nitro (after they drove in army style).

D-Generation X eventually reformed in 1999 and had many incarnations since (mostly one offs), but have never have been as they were during their first two incarnations.

Somerset County, Maine

Somerset County is a county in the state of Maine, in the United States. As of the 2020 census, the population was 50,477. The county seat is Skowhegan.

St. Landry Parish, Louisiana

St. Landry Parish () is a parish in the U.S. state of Louisiana. As of the 2020 census, the population was 82,540. The parish seat is Opelousas. The parish was founded in 1807.

Vojtěch Mynář

Vojtěch Mynář (4 May 1944 – 11 July 2018) was a Czech politician. From 2012 until 2014, he was a Member of the European Parliament, representing the Czech Republic. He was a member of the Social Democratic Party. Mynář was born in Petřvald, Czechoslovakia.

Mynář died on 11 July 2018 in Prague at the age of 74.

Pat Swindall

Patrick Lynn Swindall (October 18, 1950 – July 11, 2018) was an American politician, attorney, and businessman. He served as a Republican member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Georgia's 4th congressional district from 1985 to 1989.

Swindall lied to a federal grand jury about his knowledge that the funds were from a drug trafficking operation, which was refuted by the undercover tapes. While one of the perjury charges was dismissed by District Judge Richard C. Freeman, the jury convicted Swindall on nine counts and sentenced to one year in prison and a fine of $30,450.

Swindall died in his sleep on July 11, 2018 at his home in Johns Creek, Georgia, aged 67.

Ro Khanna

Rohit Khanna (; born September 13, 1976) is an American academic, lawyer and politician. He is the U.S. Representative for California's 17th congressional district since 2017. He is a member of the Democratic Party. He beat then-current Representative Mike Honda in the general election on November 8, 2016, after first running for the same seat in 2014.

Khanna also served as the Deputy Assistant Secretary in the United States Department of Commerce under President Barack Obama from August 8, 2009 to August 2011.

Khanna only accepts donations from individuals and is one of only six members of the U.S. House of Representatives, and ten total members of Congress, who do not take campaign contributions from Political Action Committees (PACs) or corporations.

Khanna was one of the few Representatives to endorse Bernie Sanders for President of the United States.

Walnut Grove, California

Walnut Grove is a census-designated place (CDP) in Sacramento County, California, United States. It is near Sacramento, California. The population was 1,452 at the 2020 census.

Walnut Grove is located at (38.243490, −121.512100).

Gerardo Fernández Albor

Xerardo Fernández Albor (7 September 1917 – 12 July 2018) was a Spanish physician. He serves as President of the autonomous community of Galicia from 1982 to 1987. He lost a motion of no confidence in 1987. He was a member of the People's Party.

Albor died in Santiago de Compostela on 12 July 2018, at the age of 100.

Dada Vaswani

Dada J.P. Vaswani (2 August 1918 – 12 July 2018) was an Indian non-sectarian spiritual leader. He was born in Hyderabad, Sindh. He promoted vegetarianism and animal rights. He was the Spiritual Head at the Sadhu Vaswani Mission founded by his Guru, Sadhu T. L. Vaswani. 

Vaswani died on 12 July 2018 in Pune, Maharashtra from complications of a broken hip, aged 99.

Joe E. Kernan

Joseph Eugene Kernan (April 8, 1946 – July 29, 2020) was an American businessman and former politician. He served as the 48th Governor of Indiana from 2003 to 2005. He is a member of the Democratic Party. Kernan served as Mayor of South Bend, Indiana, and then as the 47th Lieutenant Governor of Indiana from 1997 to 2003. He lost an election to serve a full term as governor to Mitch Daniels on November 2, 2004.

Kernan died on July 29, 2020, from problems caused by Alzheimer's disease at a care facility in South Bend. He was 74.

Governor of Indiana

The Governor of Indiana is the chief executive of the state of Indiana. The governor is elected to a four-year term. They are responsible for overseeing the day-to-day management of the functions of many agencies of the Indiana state government. 

The governor works out of the Indiana Statehouse and holds official functions at the Indiana Governor's Residence in the state capital of Indianapolis.

The 51st, and current, governor is Republican Eric Holcomb.

Frank O'Bannon

Frank Lewis O'Bannon (January 30, 1930 – September 13, 2003) was an American politician. He served as the 47th Governor of Indiana from 1997 until his death in 2003.

In 2003, O'Bannon suffered a massive stroke in Chicago, Illinois, while attending a trade conference. He died days later and was succeeded by his Lieutenant Governor Joe E. Kernan.

California State University, Fresno

California State University, Fresno (commonly referred to as Fresno State) is a public research university in Fresno, California. It is one of 23 campuses within the California State University system. The university had a Fall 2016 enrollment of 24,405 students. It offers bachelor's degrees in 60 areas of study, 45 master's degrees, 3 doctoral degrees, 12 certificates of advanced study, and 2 different teaching credentials.

Mountbatten-Windsor

Mountbatten-Windsor is the personal surname of the descendants of Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh and Queen Elizabeth II of the United Kingdom. Their descendants belong to the House of Glucksburg through Prince Philip. They belong to the House of Windsor through Queen Elizabeth.

Whirligig beetle

The whirligig beetles are a family (Gyrinidae) of water beetles that swim on the surface of fresh water.

They usually swim on the surface of the water if undisturbed, though they go underwater when threatened. They swim rapidly in circles when alarmed. They have divided eyes which may allow them to see above and below water at the same time. 

The family includes some 700 living species worldwide, in 15 genera, plus a few fossil species. Most species are very similar in appearance, though they vary in size from 3 mm to 18 mm in length. They tend to be flattened and rounded. Their shape is a good approximation to an ellipsoid, with legs and other appendages fitting closely into a streamlined surface.

Both larvae and adults are active predators. The adults carry an air bubble under their elytra, and can submerge for long periods if they want to. Mostly they move around on the surface in groups.

They are also very versatile in water moving at a staggering 100 body lengths per second.

Michelle Fischbach

Michelle L. Fischbach (born November 3, 1965) is an American politician. She is a member of the U.S. House of Representative from Minnesota since 2021.

On January 3, 2018, she became the 49th Lieutenant Governor of Minnesota. Fischbach previously served as the President of the Minnesota Senate. She is a member of the Republican Party.

Fischbachis is a former member of the Paynesville City Council.

NatWest

National Westminster Bank, commonly known as NatWest, is a major retail and commercial bank in the United Kingdom. The Westminster Bank was established in 1834 as 'London County and Westminster Bank'. 

Since 2000, it has been part of the Royal Bank of Scotland Group. After "ringfencing" of the Group's core domestic business, the bank became a subsidiary of NatWest Holdings. 

NatWest is one of the Big Four clearing banks in the UK, It has a large network of over 960 branches. 

In 2017, NatWest was awarded Best Banking App in the British Bank Awards.

Test data

Test data is the data that is used in tests of a software system.

In order to test a software application you need to enter some data for testing most of the features. Any such specifically identified data which is used in tests is known as test data.

Some test data is used to confirm the expected result, i.e. when test data is entered the expected result should come and some test data is used to verify the software behaviour to invalid input data.

Battle of Jutland

The Battle of Jutland was the most important naval battle during World War I.

The German fleet was under blockade by the larger Royal Navy of Britain and, for the most part, was kept in its base at Wilhelmshaven. The Battle of Jutland happened when the German Navy, led by Admiral Reinhard Scheer, tried to break out into the open sea. The German fleet consisted of 22 battleships, five battlecruisers, 11 cruisers and 61 torpedo boats. Scheer also had submarines with torpedos, which he arranged outside the main British bases.

The main British bases were in Scotland: the Orkney and Shetland Islands had a huge base at Scapa Flow, and bases on the main island were at Cromarty, on the Moray Firth, and at Rosyth, on the north bank of the Firth of Forth.

The British fleet steamed south-east from their bases and met the German Navy, which was steaming due north. The battle was fought over a wide area at Jutland Bank, west of the Skagerrak, between Norway and Denmark.

Scapa Flow is a long way from the Skagerrak, but the British fleet still knew about of the German ship movements. The British had cracked the German cipher, and when Scheer gave the order to sail, the Admiralty in London gave the Grand Fleet orders to sail from Orkney. 

That was because the British had gotten hold of three codebooks from wrecked ships. One code, for smaller vessels, was from a German freighter. Another, for diplomatic messages, was taken from a wreck on the bottom of the North Sea. The code for the German High Seas Fleet was from a cruiser that was wrecked in the Baltic. The British did not make the best use of thse sources, but they had in their hands a priceless advantage.

The first group of British ships to make contact were those from the Firth of Forth, commanded by Vice-Admiral David Beatty. He had six battlecruisers and four fast battleships, which got through the submarine cordon outside the Firth of Forth with no casualties. 

Beatty's battlecruiser group met the German battlecruiser force, led by Rear-Admiral Franz Hipper. The German advantage in range-finding, with better optics, was important, but the British cruisers were saved by the arrival of the four battleships. Since the battleships were better in both armor and firepower, Hipper was forced to turn away from the east and the main German force of battleships.

Finally, late in the day. the Grand Fleet from Scapa Flow, led by Admiral John Jellicoe, met the main German force of battleships, led by Scheer: "To Scheer's range-takers... the entire arc stretching from the north to the east was a sea of fire". After ten minutes, Scheer signaled a simultaneous turnaway.

Also, 21 torpedos caused Jellico to turn away, and Scheer put 10 miles between the British battleships and himself. As darkness grew, there were a few more encounters until the German fleet managed to make it home. The Germans had sunk more ships, but the balance of power had not changed since since the British still controlled the seas..

Clearing bank

A clearing bank is one which moves money between accounts, and issues money to customers. At one time this meant taking in and giving out actual money. Now it means any kind of financial transaction.

In banking and finance, clearing means all activities from the time a commitment is made for a transaction until it is settled. This process turns the promise of payment (for example, in the form of a cheque or electronic payment request) into the actual movement of money from one account to another. 

In the UK they are officially called a Cheque and Credit Clearing Company. In the United States the Federal Reserve performs an intermediary role, clearing and settling international bank payments.

Big Four (banking)

The Big Four banks in the United Kingdom are:


Royal Bank of Scotland Group

The Royal Bank of Scotland Group plc (also known as RBS Group) is a British banking and insurance holding company, based in Edinburgh, Scotland. The group operates a wide variety of banking brands. It offers personal and business banking, private banking, insurance and corporate finance. It has offices in Europe, North America and Asia. In the United Kingdom, its main subsidiary companies are The Royal Bank of Scotland, NatWest, Ulster Bank and Coutts.

Significant other

Significant other (SO) is way of saying a person has a close relationship. Deliberately, it does not say what the relationship is.

It refers to a person's partner, but says nothing about marital status, relationship status, or sexual orientation. Similar terms, but more specific, are: sweetheart, better half, spouse, domestic partner, lover, soulmate, or life partner.

The term is now often used in invitations, such as to weddings and office parties. In correspondence from hospitals, for example, "you may be accompanied for your appointment by a significant other". "Relevant other" is another ways of saying the same thing. "Significant others" is sometimes used.

Also, in psychology, psychiatry and sociology, it may mean someone who has a big influence on the person.

The first known use of the term was in the U.S.

Le Locle

Le Locle is a municipality of the district of Le Locle in the canton of Neuchâtel in Switzerland.

It is in the Jura Mountains, a few kilometers from the city of La Chaux-de-Fonds. It is the third smallest city of Switzerland. As of 31 December 2016, Le Locle has about 10,000 people lived there.

The name of the town comes from the word for "lake" or "trou d´eau".

Since 2009, it is part of the UNESCO World Heritage Site: La Chaux-de-Fonds/Le Locle, Watchmaking Town Planning.

Le Locle is on the Swiss side of the mountain pass Col des Roches, which forms the border between France and Switzerland.

Le Locle is first mentioned in 1332 as "dou Locle".

The earliest traces of human settlements come from the end of the Mesolithic period (6000-5000 BC) in shelter in the Col des Roches. The site includes the oldest pottery found in the Canton of Neuchâtel, along with many tools, the molar of a mammoth and deer and wild boar bones. The shelter was discovered in 1926 by a customs official and was the first site of its kind studied in Switzerland.

However, between 4000 BC and the Middle Ages nothing is known about the Le Locle area.

In 1150 the valley, in which Le Locle would later be built, was granted by Renaud and William Valanginian to the abbey of Fontaine-André. In 1360, John II of Aarberg, the Lord of Valanginian, received Le Locle as a fief from Count Louis of Neuchatel. The heavily wooded part of the Jura Mountains around Le Locle, were cleared by colonists who later received the status of free peasants. These first free farmers received a charter in 1372 which codified their rights and freedoms. At the beginning of the 15th century, this charter was reconfirmed during the foundation of the Mairie or town government. Beginning in the 14th century Le Locle and La Sagne formed a parish together. The church of Mary Magdalene in Le Locle was built in 1351.

The tower of the church of Mary Magdalene, the landmark of the city, arose early in the 16th century. A few years after the tower was built, in 1536, Le Locle converted to the protestant faith. This old church was rebuilt in the mid-18th century. A german church was built in 1844, but demolished in 1967. The Catholic chapel was built in 1861.

Le Locle was repeatedly burned by large fires (1683, 1765, 1833). It was rebuilt to its present appearance in the second quarter of the 19th century, as it became a center of the watch industry. In 1848 it became a district capital.

Because the small Bied river often flooded the valley, a channel was cut through the valley to the Col des Roches at the beginning of the 19th century. Until 1898 the river was used to provide power for several underground mills.

On 1 January 2021, Les Brenets became a part of Le Locle.

Le Locle is known as a center of Swiss watchmaking industry.

Le Locle is twinned with:


Bermondsey

Bermondsey () is a town in the London Borough of Southwark, England. It is southeast of Charing Cross. To the west of Bermondsey is Southwark, to the east is Rotherhithe and Deptford, to the south is Walworth and Peckham, and to the north is the City of London and Whitechapel.

Deptford

Deptford ( ) is a district of south-east London, England, within the London Borough of Lewisham. From the middle of the 16th century to the late 19th century, Deptford was home to Deptford Dockyard which was the first Royal Navy dockyard. The area declined as the Royal Navy moved out and commercial docks closed. The last dock, Convoys Wharf, closed in the year 2000.

Limehouse

Limehouse is an area of East London, in the London Borough of Tower Hamlets. It is east of Charing Cross. It is on the northern bank of the River Thames. 

Stepney

Stepney is a district of London, in the London Borough of Tower Hamlets.
The modern district grew out of a medieval village around St Dunstan's church and the 15th century Mile End Road.

The area built up rapidly in the 19th century. It was mainly for immigrant workers and displaced poor people. It had a reputation for poverty, overcrowding, violence and political dissent. It was severely damaged during the Blitz in World War II. Over one third of the housing was totally destroyed. In the 1960s, slum clearance and development replaced most old residential streets with tower blocks and modern housing estates. Some Georgian architecture and Victorian era terraced housing survive. Examples include Arbour Square, the eastern side of Stepney Green, and the streets around Matlock Street.

High-rise building

A high-rise building is a tall building. It is used as an apartment building, office building or other functions, such as hotel or retail. Sometimes, multiple purposes are combined. A residential high-rise building is also called a tower block or an "MDU", standing for "Multi Dwelling Unit". A very tall high-rise building is called a skyscraper.

High-rise buildings became possible with the invention of the elevator (lift) and cheaper and more abundant building materials. The materials used for high-rise buildings are reinforced concrete and steel. Most North American style skyscrapers have a steel frame, while residential blocks are usually constructed of concrete. There is no clear difference between a tower block and a skyscraper but a building with fifty or more stories is generally considered a skyscraper. The opposite of high-rise is a low-rise building and in the middle are mid-rise buildings.

Mile End

Mile End is an area in London, England. It is in the London Borough of Tower Hamlets. It is east-northeast of Charing Cross. Mile End had a population of 28,544 in 2011.

Mile End has a London Underground station of the same name. Three railway lines, the District, Hammersmith & City and Central lines serve this station.

West India Docks

The West India Docks were a series of three docks on the Isle of Dogs in London, England. The first dock opened in 1802. The docks closed to commercial traffic in 1980 and the Canary Wharf development was built on the site.

Blackwall, London

Blackwall is a district of London, England, located in the London Borough of Tower Hamlets. It also forms part of the Port of London. Blackwall can be broadly described today as the area close to the River Thames from the edge of the Isle of Dogs and as far east as the East India Docks on the Leanouth peninsula. The area takes its name from a historic stretch of riverside wall built along an outside curve of the River Thames, to protect the area from flooding. Blackwall today is mostly residential but Blackwall Yard provides moorings for boats.

East India Docks

The East India Docks were a group of docks in Blackwall, East London, England, north-east of the Isle of Dogs. Today only the entrance basin and the perimeter wall are still visible. The dock Basin was gradually extended and new locks built, but the 20th century saw the decline of the London docklands and the East India Docks closed in 1967. The Basin was turned into a nature reserve by the London Docklands Development Corporation and has been in the ownership of Lee Valley Regional Park Authority since 1998.

Following the successful creation of the West India Docks, which opened in 1802, an Act of Parliament in 1803 set up The East India Dock Company, promoted by the British East India Company.

Peseux, Switzerland

Peseux was a municipality in Boudry in the canton of Neuchâtel in Switzerland. On 1 January 2021, the former municipalities of Corcelles-Cormondrèche, Peseux and Valangin merged to form the municipality of Neuchâtel.

Valangin

Valangin was a municipality in Val-de-Ruz in the canton of Neuchâtel in Switzerland. The Valanginian Age of the Cretaceous Period of geological time is named for Valangin. On 1 January 2021, the former municipalities of Corcelles-Cormondrèche, Peseux and Valangin merged to form the municipality of Neuchâtel.

Peseux

Peseux may refer to:

Doubs (disambiguation)

Doubs can mean:

Yonne (disambiguation)

Yonne can mean:

Aube (disambiguation)

Aube is a department in the northeastern part of France.

Aube may also refer to:

Meuse (disambiguation)

Meuse can mean:

Allier (disambiguation)

Allier is a department in south-central France named after the Allier River.

Allier may also refer to:

Milvignes

Milvignes is a municipality of the district of Boudry in the canton of Neuchâtel in Switzerland.

It was created on 1 January 2013, when the municipalities of Auvernier, Bôle and Colombier combined to become Milvignes.

Val-de-Ruz

Val-de-Ruz is a municipality of the district of Val-de-Ruz in the canton of Neuchâtel in Switzerland.

It was created on 1 January 2013, when fifteen municipalities combined to become one. They were: Boudevilliers, Cernier, Chézard-Saint-Martin, Coffrane, Dombresson, Engollon, Fenin-Vilars-Saules, Fontainemelon, Fontaines, Les Geneveys-sur-Coffrane, Les Hauts-Geneveys, Montmollin, Le Pâquier, Savagnier and Villiers merged to form Val-de-Ruz. The administrative services are in the village of Cernier.

Val-de-Travers

Val-de-Travers is a municipality of the district of Val-de-Travers in the canton of Neuchâtel in Switzerland.

It was created on 1 January 2009, when the former municipalities of Boveresse, Buttes, Couvet, Fleurier, Les Bayards, Môtiers, Noiraigue, Saint-Sulpice and Travers merged to form Val-de-Travers.

The region is known for its production of absinthe.

It is the largest municipality of the canton of Neuchâtel.

Sophie Lowe

Sophie Lowe (born 5 June 1990) is an English-born Australian actress and singer-songwriter. She starred in "Beautiful Kate", "After the Dark", "Adore", and "Road Kill", and starred in the television series "The Slap", "Once Upon a Time in Wonderland", "The Returned" and "The Beautiful Lie".


Industrial waste

Industrial waste is the waste produced by industrial activity, such as that of factories, mills and mines. It is often dangerous to the environment. There are many types of industrial waste, such as gravel, scrap metal, oils, solvents, and scrap lumber. Industrial wastes are classified in many different ways, and each type of waste has to be discarded in a certain way.

There are two primary types of industrial waste. "Hazardous" waste, which is dangerous to people, animals, or the environment, and "non-hazardous" waste, which does not pose a direct danger to people, animals, or the environment. Hazardous industrial waste requires special treatment, as it can pose a great danger to living organisms. These wastes can be further classified by their state, as some waste is in solid form, but other waste is dissolved or in liquid form. These types of waste need to be treated differently.

Many large factories are near bodies of water, because they need a lot of water for cooling equipment or manufacturing. In many areas, polluted water is released back into these bodies of water, resulting in ecological damage (damage to the environment). Toxins from wastewater can kill plants and animals, and chemicals in wastewater can effect ecosystems a lot.

Solid waste typically refers to "non-hazardous" material, but some solid wastes are more harmful to the environment than others. Solid wastes are often stored in landfills, which can have a negative impact on the ecosystem, even if the waste isn't toxic.

Greenwich station

Greenwich station is about 400 metres south-west of Greenwich town centre, in London, England. It is an interchange between National Rail and the Docklands Light Railway. It is in Travelcard Zones 2 and 3.

TfL Rail

TfL Rail is a metro service operated by MTR Corporation under contract to Transport for London (TfL).

In May 2015, TfL Rail took control of the commuter service between in central London and in Essex. This branch comprises the first 14 stations on the Great Eastern Main Line. There is an interchange at Shenfield for medium- and long-distance services to East Anglia.

On 20 May 2018 TfL Rail took over operation of the Heathrow Connect service between in central London and Heathrow Airport to the west. This route has nine stations.

In December 2018, the two TfL Rail routes will merge with Crossrail to form the Elizabeth Line.

Crossrail

Crossrail is a railway line under development in the London area. It goes to the counties of Berkshire, Buckinghamshire and Essex, England. 

The central section between in central London and in the south-east, is open. It will later join with two existing routes operated by TfL Rail to become the Elizabeth Line, named after Queen Elizabeth II. 

TfL Rail's Shenfield branch is connected to Paddington and the branches west of Paddington are connected to Crossrail's central core. This completes a new east–west route across London. It will provide a new high-frequency commuter and suburban passenger service.

Basically, it is an additional NE to SW connection, ending up in Heathrow. Previously, it has been difficult to get to and fro between N.E. London and Heathrow, so this will help that journey.

Elizabeth line

The Elizabeth line is a high-frequency hybrid commuter rail and rapid transit service in London and its suburbs. The service is named after Queen Elizabeth II, who officially opened the line on 17 May 2022 during her Platinum Jubilee year; passenger services started on 24 May 2022.

Under the project name of Crossrail, the system was approved in 2007, and construction began in 2009. Originally planned to open in 2018, the project was repeatedly delayed, including for several months as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic.

The Elizabeth line uses a new tube tunnel cut through the North London chalk especially for the NE to SW commuters. That direction was favoured because it was especially difficult to get to Heathrow from the north-west of London. The tunnelling is new, but the line links up with older tube stations en route

Great Eastern Main Line

The Great Eastern Main Line (also called the East Anglia Main Line) is a main railway line in England. It connects Liverpool Street station in central London with destinations in East London and the East of England. These include Shenfield, Chelmsford, Colchester, , and Norwich. Branch lines connect the main line to Southminster, Braintree, , Harwich, and a number of coastal towns including Southend-on-Sea, Clacton-on-Sea, Walton-on-the-Naze and .

Shenfield

Shenfield is part of the conurbation of Brentwood, Essex, England. The original town centre is located one mile (1.6 km) north-east of the centre of Brentwood. There are some small industrial areas and a modest, but busy, shopping area. Shenfield serves predominantly as a dormitory town for commuters to London and surrounding towns such as Romford and Basildon. This is facilitated by easy access to the A12 Road, the M25 motorway and rail services on the Great Eastern Main Line.

London and Blackwall Railway

The London and Blackwall Railway (L&BR) in East London, England, ran from Minories to Blackwall via Stepney, with a branch line to the Isle of Dogs. It was originally called the Commercial Railway. It connected central London to many of London's docks. 

The railway opened in 1840. It was leased by the Great Eastern Railway in 1866, but remained independent until it was absorbed into the London and North Eastern Railway at the 1923 Grouping. Passenger services ceased in 1926 and goods services ceased in 1968. The decline of inner London's docks led to closure.

In 1852 the North London Railway linked up with the L&BR at Poplar. In 1871 another branch line, the "Millwall Extension Railway", opened from Millwall Junction to Millwall Docks to serve the West India Docks better. A year later the line was extended to North Greenwich.

Much of the infrastructure of the L&BR was re-used as part of the Docklands Light Railway, which opened on 31 August 1987.

Minories

Minories is the name of a former civil parish in London, England. It was also called "Minories Holy Trinity". Minories is also the name of a street in the City of London, near the Tower of London.

Beckton

Beckton is an area in East London, England. It is part of the London Borough of Newham. It is located east of Charing Cross. Beckton was unpopulated marshland until the 19th century. More housing was needed as London grew, so housing was created in Beckton for workers at the gas and sewage works. Between 1981 and 1995 Beckton was within the London Docklands Development Corporation area. This caused the population to increase as new homes were built and the Docklands Light Railway (DLR) was constructed. Beckton has a station on the DLR.

Tower Gateway DLR station

Tower Gateway is a Docklands Light Railway (DLR) station in the Tower ward in the City of London, England. It is located near the Tower of London and Tower Bridge. It is located on the site of the former London and Blackwall Railway station at Minories and is close to Fenchurch Street station. Tower Gateway is within Travelcard Zone 1.

Docklands Light Railway rolling stock

Docklands Light Railway rolling stock means the passenger trains and service vehicles used on the Docklands Light Railway (DLR) in London, England. These vehicles are collectively known as rolling stock. The DLR serves the London Docklands area of East London.

Stefan Demert

Stefan Demert (15 December 1939 – 9 July 2018) was a Swedish singer-songwriter and musician. Demert was born in Nyköping. His best-known songs include ”Balladen om den kaxiga myran”, ”Till SJ”, and ”Anna Anaconda” Several of his songs charted on Svensktoppen in the 1970s.

Demert died on 9 July 2018 in Kungsbacka, Sweden, aged 78.

Jonathan Bartley

Jonathan Bartley (born 16 October 1971 in London) is an English politician who was co-leader of the Green Party of England and Wales with the MP Caroline Lucas and later with Siân Berry until stepping down from the party's leadership in July 2021. He was a councillor on the Lambeth London Borough Council and leader of the opposition on the council until May 2022.

Edvin Hodžić

Edvin Hodžić (29 November 1994 – 10 July 2018) was an Austrian professional footballer. He played as a midfielder. 

Hodžić played at youth level for LASK Linz from 2002 to 2010. He then played for FC Pasching, SV Wallern, SC Ritzing, ATSV Stadl-Paura, Austria Klagenfurt and Kapfenberger SV. At the time of his death he was hired to play for the German club SV Schalding-Heining for five weeks.

Hodžić died on 10 July 2018, at the age of 23.

Kezia Dugdale

Kezia Alexandra Ross Dugdale (born 28 August 1981) is a Scottish politician. She was the leader of the Scottish Labour Party from 2015 until 2017. She was a member of the Scottish Parliament.

Clive King

David Clive King (24 April 1924 – 10 July 2018) was an English author. He was best known for his children's book "Stig of the Dump" (1963). He was in the British army during World War II, then worked for the British Council.

King died on 10 July 2018 in Norfolk at the age of 94.


Richard Kuklinski

Richard Leonard Kuklinski (April 11, 1935 – March 5, 2006), also known as The Iceman, was an American criminal who was convicted of murdering five people and given life imprisonment. 

While in prison, Kuklinski gave interviews where he claimed to have worked for the Mafia and killed hundreds of people. There is no evidence to support this. He was born in Jersey City, New Jersey.

Kuklinski died at age 70 on March 5, 2006 in Trenton, New Jersey of complications from blood disease. His body was cremated.

Hematology

Hematology, also spelled as haematology, is the branch of medicine about the study of the cause, diagnoses, treatment, and prevention of diseases related to blood. 

It involves treating diseases that affect the production of blood, such as blood cells, hemoglobin, blood proteins, bone marrow, platelets, blood vessels, spleen, and the mechanism of coagulation. Such diseases might include hemophilia, blood clots, other bleeding disorders and blood cancers such as leukemia, multiple myeloma, and lymphoma. 

West India Quay DLR station

West India Quay is a Docklands Light Railway (DLR) station in Poplar, London, England. It serves the West India Quay quarter and is close to Canary Wharf. The station is near the boundary between the Isle of Dogs and Tower Hamlets and is in the East End of London. The station is in Travelcard Zone 2.

Jules Rimet

Jules Rimet (; 14 October 1873 – 16 October 1956) was a French football administrator. He was the 3rd President of FIFA from 1921 to 1954. He is FIFA's longest-serving president, in office for 33 years. He was the president of the French Football Federation from 1919 to 1942.

The Jules Rimet Trophy was named in his honor. He also founded the French football club Red Star Saint-Ouen.


FIFA World Cup Trophy

The World Cup is a gold trophy that is awarded to the winners of the FIFA World Cup tournament. Since the creation of the World Cup in 1930, two trophies have been used: the Jules Rimet Trophy from 1930 to 1970, and the FIFA World Cup Trophy from 1974 to the present day.

The first trophy, originally named "Victory", but later renamed in honour of FIFA president Jules Rimet. 

It is made of 18 carat gold and stands 36.8 centimeters high and weighs 6.1 kilograms. 

List of presidents of FIFA

The following is a list of presidents of the Fédération Internationale de Football Association (FIFA), the world association football governing body.

The current president is Swiss-Italian Gianni Infantino. Before him, Cameroonian Issa Hayatou was acting president after the impeachment of Sepp Blatter on 8 October 2015, which was later followed by a six-year ban from all football-related activities on 21 December 2015.

Robert Guérin

Robert Guérin (28 June 1876 – 19 March 1952) was a French journalist. He was the 1st President and one of the founders of the Fédération Internationale de Football Association (FIFA). On 23 May 1904, Guérin (then just 28 years old) was elected president and remained in his post for two years.

Daniel Burley Woolfall

Daniel Burley Woolfall (15 June 1852 – 24 October 1918) was the second President of FIFA from 1906 to 1918.

Cornelis August Wilhelm Hirschman

Cornelis August Wilhelm Hirschman (16 February 1877 – 26 June 1951), known as Carl Anton Wilhelm Hirschman, was a Dutch banker. He was a co-founder of FIFA in 1904 and the 2nd General Secretary of FIFA from 1906 to 1931. In 1912 he was also one of the founders of the Dutch Olympic Committee (NOC). He was the acting President of FIFA from 1918 to 1921.

Rodolphe Seeldrayers

Rodolphe William Seeldrayers (December 16, 1876 – October 7, 1955) was a Belgian football administrator. He was the fourth President of FIFA from 1954 to 1955. He was worked in the official associations of Belgium sports.

Arthur Drewry

Arthur Drewry, CBE (3 March 1891 – 25 March 1961) was an English football administrator. He was the fifth President of FIFA from 1955 to 1961. He was also chairman of The Football Association and president of The Football League.

Stanley Rous

Sir Stanley Ford Rous, CBE (25 April 1895 – 18 July 1986) was the 6th President of FIFA from 1961 to 1974. He was also secretary of the Football Association from 1934 to 1962 and was an international referee.

John Roselli

John "Handsome Johnny" Roselli (born Filippo Sacco; July 4, 1905 – August 7, 1976), sometimes spelled Rosselli, sometimes spelled Rosselli, was an Italian-American mobster was part of the Chicago Outfit. He helped that organization control Hollywood and the Las Vegas Strip. He was born in Esperia, Lazio. In the early 1960s, Roselli was hired by the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) in a plan to assassinate Cuban leader Fidel Castro.

Roselli's decomposing body was found in a steel barrel near Miami, Florida on August 9, 1976. He was 71 years old. Many believe he was murdered by members of the Chicago Outfit.

Russell Bufalino

Russell Alberto Bufalino (October 29, 1903 – February 25, 1994) also known as "McGee" and "The Old Man", was a Sicilian-born American mobster. He was born in Sicily, Italy. He became the boss of the Northeastern Pennsylvania crime family known as the Bufalino crime family. He was leader of the organization from 1959 to 1989.

Bufalino died of a heart attack on February 25, 1994 in Kingston, Pennsylvania, aged 90.


Kingston, Pennsylvania

Kingston is a borough in Luzerne County, Pennsylvania, United States. It is near the Susquehanna River near Wilkes-Barre City. Kingston was first settled in the early 1770s. As of the 2020 census, the population was 13,349, making it the most populous borough in the county.

Prime Minister of Namibia

The Prime Minister of the Republic of Namibia is the leader of the Government of Namibia. The Prime Minister is chosen by the President of Namibia and works with the Cabinet. They also advise and help the President in the works and duties of Government.

River Dart

The River Dart is an English river in Devon. It rises on Dartmoor, and reaches the English Channel at Dartmouth. The Dart begins at Dartmeet where the separate rivers East Dart and West Dart flow into each other.

The river's name may be Celtic meaning 'river where oak trees grow'. The banks of the lower Dart are covered in ancient woods of native oak.

The East and West Dart are crossed by a number of "clapper bridges" which are big slabs of stone laid on the river bed. At Totnes the river becomes tidal, and there are no bridges below the town.

The Dart estuary is a large 'ria' (coastel inlet). It is popular for sailing. The entrance to the river from the sea is rocky with cliffs either side. On the East side Kingswear Castle sits very close to the water's edge, and on the west side Dartmouth Castle is built on a rocky promontory at sea level. The castles once operated a defensive chain across the estuary. It was raised at dusk to destroy enemy ships attempting to attack the harbour. The remains of the operating mechanisms for the chain are still visible in Dartmouth castle.

The lower section of the River Dart forms Dartmouth Harbour, a deep water natural harbour with a long history. It is still a busy port for local fishing boats and a variety of yachts and other private boats. Several local companies do shipbuilding and repairs to small tonnage craft.

Hage Geingob

Hage Gottfried Geingob (3 August 1941 – 4 February 2024) was a Namibian politician. He was the third and the current President of Namibia from 21 March 2015 until his death on 4 February 2024. Geingob was the first Prime Minister of Namibia from 21 March 1990 to 28 August 2002 and again from 4 December 2012 to 21 March 2015.

Again candidate in the presidential election of November 2019, Geingob is reelected with 56.3% of the votes cast, down from 86% he had obtained five years ago. Panduleni Itula, dissident candidate of Swapo, head of the Landless Movement (LPM) of Bernadus Swartbooi gets 30% of the vote. Opposition leader McHenry Venaani of the Popular Democratic Movement (PDM), formerly close to South Africa's apartheid, won 5.3 percent of the vote. The Swapo thus obtains 65% of the seats in the National Assembly, failing to obtain a two-thirds majority as in the previous legislature. Geingob is considered a populist in Namibia.

Theo-Ben Gurirab

Theo-Ben Gurirab (23 January 1938 – 14 July 2018) was a Namibian politician. He was the second Prime Minister of Namibia between 28 August 2002 to 20 March 2005. He was Minister of Foreign Affairs from 1990 to 2002.

Gurirab was President of the United Nations General Assembly from 1999 to 2000. He was Speaker of the National Assembly from 2005 to 2015. Gurirab retired from active politics in 2015.

Gurirab died at a Windhoek hospital on 14 July 2018., aged 80

Nahas Angula

Nahas Gideon Angula (born 22 August 1943) is a Namibian politician. He was the third Prime Minister of Namibia from 21 March 2005 to 4 December 2012. He was replaced by Hage Geingob.

Angula is a member of the South West Africa People's Organization (SWAPO). He was Minister of Education, Sport, and Culture from 1990 to 1995 and Minister of Higher Education from 1995 to 2005.

Saara Kuugongelwa

Saara Kuugongelwa-Amadhila (born 12 October 1967) is a Namibian politician. She has been the fifth Prime Minister of Namibia since 21 March 2015. She is a member of the South West Africa People's Organization (SWAPO). She has been a member of the National Assembly of Namibia since 1995 and was Minister of Finance from 2003 to 2015. She is the first woman to serve as Prime Minister of Namibia.

President of Namibia

The President of the Republic of Namibia is the head of state and the head of government of Namibia, as well as the commander-in-chief of the Namibia Defence Force, according to the Constitution of Namibia.



Hifikepunye Pohamba

Hifikepunye Lucas Pohamba (born 18 August 1935) is a Namibian politician. He was the second President of Namibia from 21 March 2005 to 21 March 2015. Pohamba was the President of SWAPO from 2007 until his retirement in 2015. Pohamba is a recipient of the Ibrahim Prize.

Pudding Mill Lane DLR station

Pudding Mill Lane is a Docklands Light Railway (DLR) station in Stratford, London, England. The station is located on the DLR's Stratford branch, between Bow Church and Stratford stations and is on the boundary between Travelcard Zone 2 and Zone 3.

The station opened in 1996 on the road of the same name. This was once a light industrial area of Stratford, but it was redeveloped into a housing development called Pudding Mill Lane. It was next to the Olympic Park but it was closed for the duration of the 2012 Olympic Games and reopened on 12 September 2012. The original island platform station was permanently closed on 18 April 2014 to allow for the construction of a ramp from the new Crossrail portal nearby. A new larger station, built a short distance to the south, opened on 28 April 2014.

John Mulaney

John Edmund Mulaney (born August 26, 1982) is an American actor, comedian, producer and writer. He is best known for his work as a writer on "Saturday Night Live". He was the creator and star of the short-lived Fox sitcom "Mulaney".


Chappaquiddick incident

The Chappaquiddick incident was a car crash that happened at Chappaquiddick Island, Massachusetts, on Friday, The accident was caused by Senator Ted Kennedy's drunk driving, and resulted in the death of his 28-year-old passenger, Mary Jo Kopechne, who was trapped inside 

The Chappaquiddick incident became a nationally known scandal, while occurring during the Apollo 11 spaceflight. Many said the incident led to Kennedy's decision not to campaign for President in 1972 and 1976.

A movie was made of the incident in 2017 with Jason Clarke as Kennedy and Kate Mara as Kopechne.

Mary Jo Kopechne

Mary Jo Kopechne (; July 26, 1940 – July 18, 1969) was an American teacher, secretary, and political campaign specialist. She died in a car accident at Chappaquiddick Island on July 18, 1969, while she was a passenger in a car being driven by U.S. Senator Ted Kennedy. She was born in Wilkes-Barre, Pennsylvania.


Peeping Tom (movie)

Peeping Tom is a 1960 British psychological horror-thriller movie directed by Michael Powell and written by Leo Marks. She stars Carl Boehm, Anna Massey, and Moira Shearer. The movie revolves around a serial killer who murders women while using a portable movie camera.

When released it had bad reviews, but over the years the movie became a cult classic. The movie is thought to be the first slasher horror movie.

Stephanie Beatriz

Stephanie Beatriz Bischoff Alvizuri (born 10 February 1981) is an Argentine-born American actress. She is best known for playing Detective Rosa Diaz in the FOX comedy series "Brooklyn Nine-Nine" and Jessica in the independent drama "Short Term 12" (2013). She voiced Sweet Mayhem in the 2019 movie "" and Maribel in the 2021 Disney movie "Encanto".

In July 2016, Beatriz revealed on Twitter that she is bisexual.

Beatriz married actor Brad Hoss in 2018. They have a daughter.

The Lego Movie 2: The Second Part

The Lego Movie 2: The Second Part (also called The LEGO Movie 2) is a 2019 3D-animated comic science fiction movie. It is a direct sequel to "The Lego Movie" (2014). It was directed by Mike Mitchell and Trisha Gum. Phil Lord and Chris Miller returned as producers and co-writers.

It stars Chris Pratt, Elizabeth Banks, Will Arnett, Tiffany Haddish, Nick Offerman, Alison Brie, Stephanie Beatriz, and Charlie Day.

The movie was released on February 8, 2019 in 2D, 3D, RealD 3D, and IMAX 3D by Warner Bros. Pictures.

Bow Church DLR station

Bow Church is a Docklands Light Railway (DLR) station in Bow in London, England, between Devons Road and Pudding Mill Lane stations. It is within 300 metres walking distance of Bow Road station on London Underground's District and Hammersmith and City lines. The two Bow stations are classed as a single station for ticketing purposes. The station opened on 31 August 1987. It takes its name from the nearby 14th century Bow Church, which is a Church of England church.

Devons Road DLR station

Devons Road is a Docklands Light Railway (DLR) station in Bromley-by-Bow, East End of London. The station takes its name from the B140 Devons Road. It is between Langdon Park and Bow Church stations. It is in Travelcard Zone 2.

Langdon Park DLR station

Langdon Park is a Docklands Light Railway (DLR) station in Poplar in Greater London, England. The station is between All Saints and Devons Road stations on the Stratford-Lewisham Line. Construction of the station began on 17 November 2006. The first day of operation was 9 December 2007.

Parker Posey

Parker Christian Posey (born November 8, 1968) is an American actress and musician. Following her role in Richard Linklater's 1993 cult hit "Dazed and Confused", she became known during the 1990s after a series of roles in independent movies such as "Party Girl" (1995) and "The House of Yes" (1997) that gained her the nickname "Queen of the Indies". She later played improvisational roles in Christopher Guest mockumentaries, including "Waiting for Guffman" (1996), "Best in Show" (2000), "A Mighty Wind" (2003), "For Your Consideration" (2006) and "Mascots" (2016).

Her other notable movie appearances include "You've Got Mail" (1998), "Scream 3" (2000), "Superman Returns" (2006), and the Woody Allen-directed movies "Irrational Man" (2015) and "Café Society" (2016). On television, Posey has guest-starred in numerous series, such as "Will & Grace", "Boston Legal", "Futurama", "The Good Wife", "Louie", "Parks and Recreation", and "Search Party," as well as starring in the Netflix adaptation of "Lost in Space".

Scott Foley

Scott Kellerman Foley (born July 15, 1972) is an American actor, director, and screenwriter. Foley is known for roles in television shows such as "The Unit", "Felicity", and "Scandal", and in movies such as "Scream 3". He has also guest starred in series including "Dawson's Creek, Scrubs, Grey's Anatomy, and" "House".

Merry Madagascar

Merry Madagascar is a Christmas television special first broadcast on NBC on November 17, 2009, which starred the characters from the "Madagascar" franchise. The story appears to take place sometime between the first and second film. 

It features many of the same voices from the movie (except Sacha Baron Cohen, who was replaced by Danny Jacobs), including Ben Stiller, Chris Rock, Jada Pinkett Smith, and David Schwimmer. Carl Reiner provided the voice of Santa Claus.

Software architecture

Software architecture describes the high-level components a software is made of, as well as how they interact with each other. Each component of the system has a well-defined function, as well as a number of interfaces. Using a certain architecture for a system also means making choices. Changing it later on may be difficult and expensive.

TVARK

TVARK is a website that has thousands of videos and images from old TV shows, advertisements, idents and more, mainly from the United Kingdom. It was created on 8 November 1998 as a one man hobby when the internet was used by many from dial-up. Back then it was called “Television Ark”. Over the years it grew to include many clips from many years of UK TV, as well as some other TV stations around the world. 10 volunteers have since been working for them.

In March of 2017, the site was taken down for repairs, and they said it would come back at the end of 2017, it turns out that the website took until the beginning of 2020 to get back online. They also have a Facebook page where they add clips from their website every day.

This Is Acting

This Is Acting is the seventh studio album by Australian singer-songwriter Sia and was released on 29 January 2016. It topped the album charts in Australia and Norway. It went to the top 10 in Austria, Belgium, Canada, the Czech Republic, Finland, France, Ireland, the Netherlands, New Zealand, Poland, South Korea, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, the United Kingdom and the United States.

Yeh Rishta Kya Kehlata Hai

Yeh Rishta Kya Kehlata Hai (transl. What is this relationship called?), popularly known as YRKKH is an Indian Hindi-language romantic family drama television series that airs on StarPlus and streams on Disney+ Hotstar. It premiered on 12 January 2009 and is the longest running Indian television soap opera. Produced by Rajan Shahi under the banner of Director's Kut Productions, it formerly starred Hina Khan, Karan Mehra, Shivangi Joshi and Mohsin Khan. Since October 2021, it stars Pranali Rathod, Harshad Chopda and Karishmasawant

Akshara and Naitik, both from large Marwari joint families based in Udaipur get married. Initially, they struggle to understand each other but gradually come to understand, support, and love each other. Soon, their son, Naksh is born. Naitik falls into a coma due to an accident.

Akshara starts working in the family business. Naitik recovers from the coma and struggles to bond with a mischievous Naksh. Naitik's mother Gayatri dies after falling off a cliff post, and his sister Rashmi gives birth to a daughter and names her Gayatri. After which Rajshekhar (Naitik's father ) is unable to cope with Gayatri's death after which one year passes and Rajshekhar remarries Devyani a divorcee who comes with her two children Muskan and Naman. Muskan marries Alok and Naman marries Karishma .Akshara and Naitik's daughter Naira is born. Later Naman and Karishma's daughter Mishti is born. Mahendra dies and Kaveri blames Akshara for it and disowns her. Akshara and Naitik move out with their children.

They relocate to Cape Town. Naksh returns to Udaipur and convinces Kaveri to forgive an innocent Akshara. Eventually, the family is reunited. Naksh falls for Tara, a hockey player. However, their wedding gets called off due to some misunderstandings. Out of fear of being wrongly blamed for her friend Sukanya's death, Naira flees from Udaipur.

Naira lives in an orphanage in Rishikesh and has grown up to be headstrong but insecure and arrogant. Akshara reaches there with Varsha to fund the orphanage and finds Naira. Kartik Goenka arrives in Udaipur and a love triangle is formed between him, Gayatri, and Naira. Kartik realises his love for Naira while Gayatri has feelings for Kartik. Naira finally accepts Akshara.

Kartik confesses his love for Naira while the latter is initially confused about her feelings but later realies her love for Kartik. Akshara dies by falling off a cliff in a car crash.

Kartik and Naira get married. Kartik hates his father Manish and his step-mother Swarna as he remarried her post his mother's death as he thinks that they were having an extra-marital affair in their office and were responsible for her suicide. Naksh and Keerti get married. Initially marrying for Naira's sake, he begins to love Keerti. Kartik reconciles with Manish and accepts Swarna as his mother after his mother's depression and hallucinations were revealed to be the reason for her suicide. Naira fulfills her parent's dream of opening a dance academy and names it "Akshara Dance Academy" as a tribute to her mother. Swarna's son, Shubham dies of a drug overdose and Naira is blamed for hiding his drug addiction. Naira leaves as Kartik and Swarna refuse to trust her.

Naira lives in Mumbai with Naitik. Kartik is the professor of the same class for which Naira signs up. Eventually, Kartik and Swarna realize their mistakes and reunite with Naira. Naira undergoes surgery due to a brain clot after which Naira and Kartik remarry. She enters the family business after Manish suffers a heart attack. Kartik feels insecure about Naira's busy routine. Naira finds out she is pregnant. Kartik questions Naira about her relationship with her business partner, Mihir. Naira rebukes him and storms out of the house without informing her pregnancy and meets with an accident. She is presumed to be dead by the family.

Naira lives in Goa with their son Kairav. Soon everyone learns that Naira is alive and Kairav is Naira and Kartik's son. Despite trying to get away from each other, Kartik and Naira become closer. Soon they realize their love and reunite.

A year later, Naira gives birth to a daughter and names her Akshara. More family drama leads to Naira and Kartik moving out with Kairav and Akshara. Later, the family is reunited but meets with an accident. Naira falls off a cliff and dies. Kartik is left heartbroken.

Soon, Kairav meets a boxer named Sirat who is Naira's lookalike, which makes Kairav to think that his mother has returned. After several demands from Kairav, Kartik brings Sirat and her grandmother to the Goenka house. Sirat reveals her former love Ranveer. Kartik realizes that Sirat and Ranveer had a misunderstanding, caused by Ranveer's father, Narendranath, and gets them married. Sirat falls for Kartik. Ranveer falls ill and asks Kartik to take care of Sirat. Ranveer dies and Narendranath holds Sirat responsible and gets her arrested on murder charges. Kartik bails her out and Sirat goes away from Kartik.

Sirat changes her name to Simran and Kartik convinces her to return to Udaipur. Sirat and Kartik expose Narendranath and she is acquitted of all charges. Sirat and Kartik confess their love to each other and get married. They have a daughter, Aarohi. Sirat resumes her boxing training for a championship and qualifies for the Asian Championship.

Akshara discovers that not Sirat, but Naira is her real mother. Sirat's mother, Sheela returns and manipulates Aarohi against the family. Kartik dies in a plane crash leaving the entire family in shock. Sirat slips down the stairs and falls to her death. Aarohi holds Akshara responsible for Sirat's death and starts detesting her.

Akshara has grown up to be a kind and family-loving girl. She is a singer and musician. Aarohi aspires to be a doctor and still hates Akshara. Dr. Abhimanyu Birla is a practicing surgeon at Birla Hospital and Medical Institute. A love triangle is formed between the three. However, Aarohi and Abhimanyu's marriage is fixed after Akshara refuses to accept his love for Aarohi's sake. But soon Akshara and Abhimanyu confess their love in front of their families. Both families reach Jaipur and Akshara and Abhimanyu get married in a grand ceremony.

Later it is revealed that Harshvardhan was having a secret extra-marital affair with Dr. Avni Rathore and Neil is their illegitimate son. Manjari had brought Neil home through adoption. Manjari and Harshvardhan head for a divorce but Harshvardhan reforms himself and they reconcile.

Soon a fire breaks out at Birla Hospital and Abhimanyu suffers a pinched nerve in his right hand. Akshara contacts a renowned physiotherapist, Dr. Kunal Khera, for his treatment. Meanwhile, Anisha proposes to Kairav for marriage but Akshara learns about her having an affair with a married man and her plan to continue the affair post-marriage and confronts her for the same which Kairav overhears. Kairav refuses to marry Anisha for her betrayal and asks her to reveal the truth to the families. Anisha, who lacks the courage to tell this truth, commits suicide and the Birla family blames Kairav and Akshara for her death thinking Kairav murdered her and Akshara attempting to save him from murder charges. Later Dr. Kunal asks Akshara to sing secretly for his sister, Maya for a year in lieu of Abhimanyu's surgery to which she agrees.

Akshara now lives incognito in Mauritius with Kunal and Maya and remains depressed due to her separation with Abhimanyu, who has misunderstood her and became a ruthless person. Akshara and Kairav come back to India and eventually Kairav is proven innocent. Abhimanyu and Akshara reunite and remarry. Neil and Aarohi elope and get married due to which Manish disowns her. Akshara successfully restores her lost identity as Maya's voice and resumes her singing career.

Later, Akshara gets pregnant with twins while Aarohi is exposed for faking her pregnancy. However, Aarohi gets pregnant for real and Neil gives her second chance. In a bid to save some girls from kidnapping, Neil is beaten up by goons and Akshara miscarries. Before dying, Neil makes Abhimanyu promise to take care of Aarohi and his child. Akshara is blamed for Neil's death and Abhimanyu divorces her. Distraught, Akshara leaves the house and is helped by Abhinav. She finds that one of her twins is still alive. Manish requests Akshara to return to Goenkas', but she refuses and legally marries Abhinav.

Akshara lives in Kasauli as a jam entrepreneur with her son, Abhir and Abhinav, who works as a tourist guide. On the other hand, Aarohi has became matured and Abhimanyu has taken the fatherly responsibility of her daughter, Ruhi while both works as senior doctors of Birla Hospital. Abhir considers Abhinav as his father while Ruhi is aware that Neil is her father. Manjiri starts forcing Abhimanyu and Aarohi to marry for Ruhi's sake despite their refusals while Akshara and Abhinav are forcing the same by their neighbour, Neelima. Soon, Abhimanyu visits Shimla for a medical meeting but gets stuck in Kasauli and ends up meeting Akshara, Abhinav and Abhir. Initially shocked, He decides to move on from Akshara accepting her new life. Akshara decides to return to Udaipur on Suhasini's insistence.

Kasautii Zindagii Kay

Kasautii Zindagii Kay was a highly rated show of Star Plus that ran from 2001 to 2008. The show had immense popularity and was Asia's first romance drama. The show had Shweta Tiwari, Cezanne Khan and Urvashi Dholakia in leads. The show won three international awards during its original run.

Green Party Northern Ireland

The Green Party in Northern Ireland is a small political party in Northern Ireland which supports green politics. It is neutral on whether Northern Ireland should stay in the United Kingdom or join the Republic of Ireland. It holds 5 seats at the local government level in Northern Ireland.

Traditional Unionist Voice

The Traditional Unionist Voice (TUV) is a small unionist political party based in Northern Ireland. They are right-wing, supporting conservative values. They also think that Northern Ireland should stay in the United Kingdom. Their leader, Jim Allister, is the only member of the party in the Northern Ireland Assembly. The party was created by former members of the Democratic Unionist Party in 2007.

Richard Leonard

Richard Leonard (born 1962) is a British politician. He served as leader of the Scottish Labour Party from 2017 to 2021. He was elected to be in charge of the party after Kezia Dugdale quit.

Big Sean

Sean Michael Leonard Anderson (born March 25, 1988), is an American rapper, performing under the stage name Big Sean. He was born in Santa Monica, California and later moved to Detroit, Michigan at two months of age. Sean signed with Kanye West's GOOD Music in 2007. In 2008, he signed with Island Def Jam. Sean released his first studio album, "Finally Famous", in 2011. He has also been featured in The Source, as well as the Detroit Metro Times.

Big Sean has received four Grammy awards nominations: Best Rap Performance, Best Rap Song, Best Rap Collaboration, and Album of the Year. He has also been nominated for awards at the BET Hip Hop Awards, MTV Video Music Awards, Billboard Music Awards, and Detroit Music Awards. He won two MTV Video awards: Best Video with a Social Message and Best Fight Against the System.

Sean was raised by his mother, along with his grandparents, who he thanks for the properties of hard work and determination. In his early childhood Sean attended Detroit Waldorf School, a school of art. After 8th grade, Sean had to attend Cass Technical High School. In his later years in high school, Sean gained a valuable relationship with local Detroit hip-hop station 102.7 FM. He would show his rhyming skills every week as part of a rap battle contest they held weekly.

In 2005, Kanye West was doing a radio interview at 102.7 FM; hearing about this, Sean headed over to the station to meet West. After gaining a strong relationship with the station from his previous rap battle routines, he was allowed in and allowed to talk to Kanye about his rhythm skills. After leaving a demo tape and along with freestyling for West, Sean left him impressed. Two years later after months of submitting and fine-tuning Sean’s work, West finally wanted to sign Big Sean to his label GOOD Music.

On September 30, 2007, Big Sean released his first official song from the mixtape "Finally Famous: The Mixtape".

In 2007, Big Sean released his first official mixtape "Finally Famous-The Mixtape". His hit single “Getcha Some” gave him strong media attention and led to articles in The Source and the Detroit Metro Times. The music video for “Getcha Some” was directed by Hype Williams.

Sean released a second mixtape on February 25th, 2009 called "U Know Big Sean-Finally Famous Vol. 2". During the night of the release, Big Sean performed alongside Cleveland rapper Chip Tha Rapper at the Clazel in Bowling Green, Ohio.

"Finally Famous" the album is being slated to release in spring 2009. It will be Sean’s debut album and is said to include a plethora of hip-hop heavyweights. Some names include: Pharrell Williams, Kanye West, and The Dream.

Big Sean was accused for sexual assault in August 2011 at a concert in Lewiston, New York. In addition, Big Sean was fined $750 for turning guilty to unlawful imprisonment. Later they were dropped as part of the plea bargain.


La Grande-Béroche

La Grande-Béroche is a municipality of the district of Boudry in the canton of Neuchâtel in Switzerland.

It was created on 1 January 2018, when the former municipalities of Bevaix, Fresens, Gorgier, Montalchez, Saint-Aubin-Sauges and Vaumarcus merged to form the new municipality.

La Tène

La Tène () is a municipality of the district of Neuchâtel in the canton of Neuchâtel in Switzerland. As of , it has a population of people.

The La Tène municipality is notable as the eponymous site of the Iron Age archaeological La Tène culture.

It lies about 6 km east of the city of Neuchâtel at the northeastern tip of Lake Neuchâtel close to Biel/Bienne, at the boundary between French- and German-speaking regions, and at a knot of highways.

It was created on 1 January 2009, when the former municipalities of Marin-Epagnier and Thielle-Wavre merged to form the new municipality of La Tène.

Side to Side

"Side to Side" is a song recorded by American singer Ariana Grande. It was released on August 30, 2016. It is the third single from her studio album, "Dangerous Woman" (2016). It is a pop, reggae and R&B song, featuring guest vocals from rapper Nicki Minaj.

Charlie Puth

Charles Otto Puth Jr. (; born December 2, 1991) is an American singer-songwriter and record producer. His song "See You Again" was released as Puth's debut single in 2015. His debut single "Marvin Gaye", which featured vocals from Meghan Trainor. The song topped charts in New Zealand, Ireland, and the United Kingdom. 

In 2017, he released two songs, "Attention" and "How Long" from his second studio album, "Voicenotes", with the former peaking at number five on "Billboard" Hot 100.


Arlene Foster

Dame Arlene Isabel Foster MLA PC (; born 17 July 1970) is a Northern Irish politician. She was the First Minister of Northern Ireland from 2020 until 2021, having also served this role from 2016 to 2017. She also was the leader of the largest Northern Irish political party, the Democratic Unionist Party, from 2015 until 2021. She was a member of the Northern Ireland Assembly, representing Fermanagh and South Tyrone from 2003 until 2021. She strongly supports Northern Ireland staying in the United Kingdom and is a member of the Protestant Church of Ireland.

On 28 April 2021, after more than 20 DUP MLAs and four DUP MPs signed a letter "...voicing no confidence in her leadership", Foster announced that she would resign as party leader on 28 May 2021 and as First Minister and MLA in June 2021.

Urvashi Dholakia

Urvashi Dholakia (born 9 July 1979) is an Indian television actress. She is best known for her role as Komolika Basu in "Kasautii Zindagii Kay".

Shweta Tiwari

Shweta Tiwari is an Indian TV actress. She is best known as Prerna Sharma of Kasautii Zindagii Kay - Season 1 for which she won Best Mother Awards for five consecutive years. She is divorced from her second husband, Abhinav Kohli. 

Samara

Samara can refer to:




Lewisham station

Lewisham is a National Rail and Docklands Light Railway (DLR) station in Lewisham, south-east London. It first opened in 1849. On the National Rail network it is measured from and is operated by Southeastern.

Lewisham is the southern terminus of the DLR, the previous station being Elverson Road. It is on the boundary of Travelcard Zone 2 and Zone 3. It is a major transport hub, with many buses passing through or terminating here.

River Tavy

The River Tavy is a river on Dartmoor, Devon, England. It has given its name to the town of Tavistock and the villages of Mary Tavy and Peter Tavy. It is a tributary of the River Tamar.

Elverson Road DLR station

Elverson Road is a light metro station on the Docklands Light Railway (DLR) Bank-Lewisham Line. It is in the residential district of St John's in south-east London. It opened in 1999 as part of the Lewisham extension of the DLR. The station is between Deptford Bridge and Lewisham stations. It is on the boundary of Travelcard Zone 2 and Zone 3.

Deptford Bridge DLR station

Deptford Bridge is a light metro station on the Docklands Light Railway (DLR) Bank-Lewisham Line. It is in Deptford, south-east London. The station is elevated above both local roads and Deptford Creek. It is next to Lewisham College and Deptford market. The station is between Greenwich and Elverson Road stations. It is on the boundary of Travelcard Zone 2 and 3.

Demographics of Russia

The Demographics of Russia is the study of the population and people in Russia.

The population of Russia in 2018 is estimated to be around 144,526,636 people. This number does not include the people in Crimea. This makes Russia the 9th most populous country in the world.

Ethnic Russians make up about 81% of Russia's population.

The total fertility rate (TFR), which measures how many children the average woman in a region will have, in Russia is 1.62 children born/woman as of 2017. This is one of the highest rates in Eastern Europe.

Below is a list of the total fertility rates by each federal subject. The lowest TFR is in Leningrad Oblast, and the highest is in the Republic of Tuva.

In 2012, 47% of people in Russia identified as Christians. Most Christians in Russia are members of the Russian Orthodox Church. The number of Russian Orthodox members have been decreasing in recent years. Most Orthodox Christians live in Western Russia. Overall, there are about 61 million Russian Orthodox Christians in Russia, making up 43% of the population.

There are around 400,000 Old Believers in Russia. They make up less than 1% of the population. Before the Russian Revolution, Old Believers made up 10% of the population.

There has been a rise in Russian converts to Catholicism in recent years. Catholics make up less than 1% of the population, and number at 140,000 citizens. Most live in Western Russia. 47% of Catholics in Russia are ethnic Russians, 16% are Germans, 9% are Armenians, 4% are Belarusians, and the rest are Koreans, Poles, Lithuanians, and others.

Lutherans in Russia have typically been ethnic Finns or Germans. In recent years, some Russians have been converting to Lutheranism, so some traditionally Finnish churches now have more Russian members than Finnish.

Christians not associated with any church or denomination make up 4% of the population.

In April 2017, the Supreme Court of Russia decided that Jehovah's Witnesses were extremists. Their activities are now banned in Russia. In the mid-2000s, there were around 255,000 Jehovah's Witnesses.

Islam is the second largest religion in Russia. It is popular in the Caucasus region and some republics in central Russia. In 2012, Muslims made up almost 7% of the population. However, this number does not include the Muslim-majority republics of Chechnya and Ingushetia. Between 1998 and 2007, the number of Muslims in Russia doubled from 5.9 million to 11.4 million. Most Muslims in Russia are Sunni. A little over 10% of the Muslim population is Shia. Sunni Sufism is a tradition in some areas, notably Chechnya and Dagestan.

5 federal subjects have a Muslim-majority population. These are Chechnya, Ingushetia, Dagestan, Kabardino-Balkaria, and Tatarstan.


People Before Profit

People Before Profit (PBP) is a minor political party in the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland. They are neutral on whether Northern Ireland should join the Republic of Ireland or stay in the United Kingdom and are on the left wing, supporting socialism. They have 4 out of 160 seats in the Dáil Éireann and 1 of 90 seats in the Northern Ireland Assembly.

Royal Victoria DLR station

Royal Victoria Station is on the Docklands Light Railway (DLR) in East London, England. It opened on 28 March 1994 and is named after the nearby Royal Victoria Dock. It is on the DLR's Beckton branch, in Travelcard Zone 3.

Henry Morgenthau III

Henry Morgenthau III (January 11, 1917 – July 10, 2018) was an American author and television producer. He was a member of the Morgenthau dynasty and of the Lehman family. He was the son of Henry Morgenthau Jr., who was Franklin D. Roosevelt's Treasury Secretary. He wrote "Mostly Morgenthaus: A Family History" (1991). In 2016, at the age of 99, Morgenthau III published his first book of poetry entitled "A Sunday in Purgatory."

Morgenthau turned 100 on January 11, 2017, He died on July 10, 2018 at the age of 101.

Custom House for ExCeL DLR station

Custom House for ExCeL is a Docklands Light Railway (DLR) station at Custom House in London, England. In the future, it will also serve the Elizabeth Line. It is near the Royal Docks in the London Borough of Newham. It is in Travelcard Zone 3. Its name comes from the old Custom House, which used to be nearby, and Exhibition Centre, London (ExCeL) which is nearby.

Miley Cyrus and Her Dead Petz

Miley Cyrus & Her Dead Petz is the fifth studio album by American singer Miley Cyrus, which was independently released for free online streaming on SoundCloud on August 30, 2015.

On April 10, 2017, the album was released commercially on iTunes and streaming platforms through RCA Records.

Credits adapted from Cyrus' website.

Credits adapted from Cyrus' website.

RW Cephei

RW Cephei is a red hypergiant star in the Cepheus constellation. It is among the largest known stars with a diameter between 981 to 1,758 tmes larger than the Sun.

KW Sagittarii

KW Sagittarii is a red giant star in the Sagittarius constellation. It is 1,009 times larger than the Sun.

J. Frederick Grassle

John Frederick Matthews Grassle (July 14, 1939 – July 6, 2018) was an American marine biologist, oceanographer, professor, and research scientist. He was known for his work on the creation of the Census of Marine Life and the first marine biological data on a global scale, the Ocean Biogeographic Information System.

Grassle died at a nursing home in Franklin Township, New Jersey on July 6, 2018 at the age of 78.


BuzzFeed Unsolved

BuzzFeed Unsolved (also known as simply Unsolved) is a weekly web series on BuzzFeed's YouTube channel, BuzzFeed Unsolved Network, that also streams on Amazon Prime, Facebook, and Hulu.

The series started in 2016, with the first few episodes originally being a part of BuzzFeed's IRL series, and was created by Ryan Bergara. It stars Bergara and co-star Shane Madej. The series is divided into "BuzzFeed Unsolved True Crime", which deals with unsolved crimes, and "BuzzFeed Unsolved Supernatural", which deals with paranormal mysteries and ghost hunting. Most episodes were followed by a question and answer episode, entitled "BuzzFeed Unsolved Postmortem", where Bergara and Madej answered questions sent in by viewers about the week's episode.

"True Crime" ended with its 8th and final season in July 2021, while "Supernatural" started with its 7th and final season in October 2021 and ended in November. There are fifteen seasons in total. Due to the COVID-19 pandemic, "Supernatural" has one less season than "True Crime" because production was unable to secure haunted locations to visit under quarantine. The final episode was followed up by a behind-the-scenes documentary "BuzzFeed Unsolved: The Making of the Final Investigation" on November 24, 2021.

The "Buzzfeed Unsolved: True Crime" & "Supernatural" shows were hosted by Ryan Bergara and co-hosted by Shane Madej, who took over from the original co-host, Brent Bennett, in late 2016.

There are three fan groups based around each host. Those who believe in ghosts like Bergara are the "Boogaras" and those who are skeptics like Madej are the "Shaniacs". An additional group based upon fans who do not fall into either are called "Shitfishes."



Football Club Rankings for number of World Cup Winning Players

This ranking includes the clubs with players in the team when their national teams won the FIFA World Cup. The UEFA site does not list the 13 world champions of São Paulo and other players.


Abdelkhader Houamel

Abdelkhader Houamel (August 17, 1936 – July 11, 2018) was an Algerian painter. He was born in N'Gaous. He was one of the founders of contemporary Algerian painting. Between 1955 and 1960, Abdelkhader Houamel was an active member of the National Liberation Front as part of his socialist and anti-colonialist beliefs.


Mai Tai Sing

Mai Tai Sing (December 22, 1923 – July 11, 2018) was an American actress, dancer and businesswoman. She was born in Oakland, California. She was known for her roles in "Hong Kong", "Forbidden", "Strange Portrait" and "The New Adventures of China Smith".

Sing died in Honolulu, Hawaii on July 11, 2018 from heart disease, aged 94.

Roger Perry

Roger Perry (May 7, 1933 – July 12, 2018) was an American actor. His career began in the late 1950s. He served as an intelligence officer in the United States Air Force during the early 1950s. He was born in Davenport, Iowa. He was known for his role as Jim Harrigan, Jr. in "Harrigan and Son". He co-starred in the 1963-1964 series "Arrest and Trial" as Detective Sergeant Dan Kirby.

Perry died at age 85 on July 12, 2018, at his home in Indian Wells, California, from prostate cancer.

Robert Wolders

Robert Wolders (28 September 1936 – 12 July 2018) was a Dutch television actor. He was known for his role in the television series "Laredo" and appearing in series such as "The Man from U.N.C.L.E.", "Bewitched", and "The Mary Tyler Moore Show".

He was also the husband of Merle Oberon and longtime partner of Audrey Hepburn.

Ray Frenette

Joseph Raymond "Ray" Frenette (April 16, 1935 – July 13, 2018) was a Canadian politician. He was born in Beresford, New Brunswick. He was a Liberal representative for the riding of Moncton East in the Legislative Assembly of New Brunswick from 1974 until 1998. He retired after a short term as the 28th Premier of New Brunswick.

Frenette died on July 13, 2018 at the age of 83.

President of Slovakia

The President of the Slovak Republic () is the head of state of Slovakia and the commander-in-chief of the Armed Forces. The president is directly elected by the people for five years. They can serve up to two terms. The president's official residence is the Grassalkovich Palace in Bratislava.

The current president is Zuzana Čaputová, who took office on 15 June 2019.


Michal Kováč

Michal Kováč (5 August 1930 – 5 October 2016) was a Slovakian politician. He was the first President of Slovakia from 1993 through 1998.

Rudolf Schuster

Rudolf Schuster (born 4 January 1934) is a Slovakian politician. He was the President of Slovakia from 1999 to 2004. He was elected on 29 May 1999. In the April 2004 election, he lost to Ivan Gašparovič. He received only 7.4% of the vote.

Ivan Gašparovič

Ivan Gašparovič (; born 27 March 1941) is a Slovak politician and lawyer. He was President of Slovakia from 2004 to 2014. He was also the first Slovak president to be re-elected.



Peter Pellegrini

Peter Pellegrini (born 6 October 1975) is a Slovak politician. He was the Prime Minister of Slovakia from 22 March 2018 to 21 March 2020.

Between 2006 and 2012 he was a member of the National Council of Slovakia. He then became State Secretary for Finance until his appointment as Minister for Education, Science, Research and Sport on 3 July 2014. He was Speaker of the National Council between 25 November 2014 and 23 March 2016.

Prime Minister of Slovakia

The Chairman of the Government of the Slovak Republic (), also known as the Prime Minister (), is the head of the Government of Slovakia. They are the third highest constitutional official in Slovakia after the President of Slovakia and the Speaker of the National Council. 

The office itself was created in 1969 and since then there has been 15 prime ministers serving in the office. Since 1993, when independent Slovakia emerged, seven prime ministers (five individuals only) became Prime Ministers.

Vladimír Mečiar

Vladimír Mečiar (; born 26 July 1942) is a Slovak politician. He was the 1st and 3rd Prime Minister of Slovakia from 1990 to 1991, from 1992 to 1994 and from 1994 to 1998. He was the leader of the People's Party - Movement for a Democratic Slovakia (ĽS-HZDS).


Frank Giroud

Frank Giroud (May 3, 1956 – July 13, 2018) was a French comics writer. He was born in Toulouse, France.

Giroud was a comics writer. He wrote the text for "Louis la Guigne", drawn by Jean-Paul Dethorey. He also wrote the text for "Mandrill", drawn by Barly Baruti, as well as "Oubliés d’Annam" and "Azrayen", drawn by Christian Lax. In 2000, he created "Le Décalogue", published by Glénat Editions.

Giroud died on July 13, 2018 in Paris at the age of 62.

Claudio Pieri

Claudio Pieri (21 October 1940 – 13 July 2018) was an Italian football referee. He was born in Pescia, Italy. He worked for UEFA and FIFA. He was appointed referee in the first leg final of the 1981 Coppa Italia (Roma - Torino). He was appointed international referee in 1983.

On 16 May 1982, he was suspected of favouring Juventus, which was winning its 20th championship, not granting a penalty to Catanzaro for an elbow of Sergio Brio on Carlo Borghi.

Pieri died on 13 July 2018 in Sestri Levante, Italy at the age of 77.

Claude Seignolle

Claude Seignolle (25 June 1917 – 13 July 2018) was a French author. He wrote about folklore and archaeology before he turned to fiction. He has also written under the pseudonyms 'Starcante', 'S. Claude' and 'Jean-Robert Dumoulin'. In 1937 he co-wrote with his brother "The Folklore of Hurepoix", which was praised by Pierre Mac Orlan and Blaise Cendrars. In 1945 he published his first novel "Le Rond des sorciers".

He turned 100 in June 2017 and died on 13 July 2018 at the age of 101.



Gordon Chong

Gordon Joseph Chong (October 23, 1943 – July 14, 2018) was a Canadian politician and public servant. He was born in Toronto. He was a Toronto city councillor and was vice-chairman of the Toronto Transit Commission in the 1990s. He worked on the board of GO Transit from 2000 to 2006. He was also the final chair of the Greater Toronto Services Board (2001).

Chong died on July 14, 2018 from heart disease in Toronto at the age of 74.

Petr Weigl

Petr Weigl (16 March 1939 – 14 July 2018) was a Czech director and playwright. He created a number of short and feature movies for the Czech and Slovak Television, as well as for German public channel ARD and ZDF, British channels BBC and Channel 4. He was twice nominated for the Emmy Award.

Weigl died on 14 July 2018 in Prague at the age of 79.

Icosikaitetragon

A icosikaitetragon or icositetragon is a shape with 24 sides and 24 corners.

All sides of a regular icosikaitetragon are the same length. Each corner is 165°. All corners added together equal 3960°.

The amount of space a regular icosikaitetragon takes up is

The area of a regular icosikaitetragon of side length "a" is given by

David Goldblatt

David Goldblatt (29 November 1930 – 25 June 2018) was a South African photographer. He was known for his photographs of South Africa during the period of apartheid and more recently that country's landscapes. He called himself as a “self-appointed observer" and "critic of the society into which I was born.” 

Goldblatt died on 25 June 2018 in Johannesburg from skin cancer, aged 87.

Ignatios Lappas

Ignatios Lappas (January 1, 1946 – June 26, 2018) was a Greek Orthodox metropolitan bishop. He was the Metropolis of Larissa and Tyrnavos, in Thessaly, from May 25, 1994, until his death on June 26, 2018.

Lappas died of heart failure in Miami, Florida on June 26, 2018, at the age of 72.

Phil Rodgers

Phil Rodgers (April 3, 1938 – June 26, 2018) was an American professional golfer. He was born in San Diego, California. He won the 1958 NCAA Division I Championship while playing at the University of Houston. He was placed in the first position on the first team of the 1958 All-American golf team. 

Rodgers seems better known for two losses. Mainly when he lost to Bob Charles in a 36-hole playoff in the 1963 Open Championship. Lesser known is that he lost the 1962 U.S. Open by two strokes despite going 6-over-par on two holes.

Rodgers died in San Diego on June 26, 2018 from leukemia at the age of 80.

Bob Charles (golfer)

Sir Robert James Charles (born 14 March 1936) is a New Zealand professional golfer. He was born in Carterton, New Zealand. In his fifty years career, many rank him among the most successful left-handed golfers of all time. He is the first lefty to win a golf major, winning more than 70 titles, and beating his age twice during a tournament as a 71-year-old.

In the 1999 New Year Honours, Charles was made a Knight Companion of the New Zealand Order of Merit for work to golf. In the 2011 New Year Honours 2011, Charles was made a Member of the Order of New Zealand, New Zealand's highest civilian honour, for services to New Zealand.

Mario Casalinuovo

Mario Casalinuovo (18 May 1922 – 14 July 2018) was an Italian politician. He was a Deputy from 1979 to 1987 and worked as Minister of Transports from 1982 to 1983.

Casalinuovo died on 14 July 2018 in Rome of complications from Parkinson's disease, aged 96

Liliana Ross

Liliana Piera Marina Brescia Clerici, best known professionally as Liliana Ross, (March 30, 1939 – June 10, 2018) was an Italian-born Chilean actress, director, playwright, and theatrical producer. She was born in Genoa, Italy. Her career lasted for fifty years. She was best known for her starring roles in the Chilean telenovelas "La Colorina" (1977) and "Machos" (2003).

Ross died at her home in Santiago, Chile, on June 10, 2018 from complications of Alzheimer's disease, at the age of 79.

John Coates (general)

Lieutenant General Henry John Coates, AC, MBE (28 December 1932 – 11 June 2018) was an Australian general. He was a senior officer in the Australian Army. He was Chief of the General Staff from 1990 to 1992. 

Coates died at his Canberra home on 11 June 2018, aged 85.


Bertha Sanseverino

Bertha Elba Sanseverino Mansilla (April 25, 1946 – June 18, 2018) was a Uruguayan politician. She was a member of the Broad Front ("Frente Amplio") from 1971 until her death and the Liber Seregni Front section of the Uruguay Assembly. Sanseverino was a member of the Departmental Board of Montevideo for two terms from 1995 until 2004.

In 2010, she was elected to the national Chamber of Representatives of Uruguay, where she worked until her death in office in June 2018.

Sally Pierone

Sally Pierone (10 February 1921 – 22 June 2018) was an American art director and psychiatrist. In 1952, she worked at the American Embassy in Paris creating posters, booklets and displays of the Marshall Plan to help rebuild Europe after World War II.

Pierone died in Pasadena, California on 22 June 2018 from renal failure at the age of 97.

Darryl N. Johnson

Darryl Norman Johnson (1938 – June 24, 2018) was an American politician and career Foreign Service Officer. He was the United States Ambassador to Lithuania from 1992 to 1994 and United States Ambassador to Thailand from 2001 to 2004. He was a lecturer at his undergraduate alma mater, the University of Washington, where he taught in its Jackson School of International Studies.

Harald von Boehmer

Harald von Boehmer (30 November 1942 – 24 June 2018) was a German/Swiss immunologist. He was best known for his work on T lymphocytes. Boehmer was elected as a Senior Member of the Institut Universitaire de France (1997), was awarded the Louis-Jeantet Prize for Medicine jointly with Nicole Le Douarin and Gottfried Schatz in Geneva (1990) and received an honorary Medical Degree from the University of Technology, Munich (2002).

Boehmer retired at the end of 2012 and is guest professor in the Institute for Immunology of Ludwig Maximilian University of Munich from January 2013 until his death.

Christine Nöstlinger

Christine Nöstlinger (13 October 1936 – 28 June 2018) was an Austrian children's writer. She was born in Vienna. She was best known for work to "children's and young adult literature in the broadest sense". She won two inaugural Astrid Lindgren Memorial Awards from the Swedish Arts Council in 2003, the biggest prize in children's literature. She won the Hans Christian Andersen Medal for "lasting contribution to children's literature" in 1984.

Her first book was "Die feuerrote Friederike", published in 1970, which she illustrated herself. The book was published in English in 1975 as "Fiery Frederica". Her best known work was "Fly away home" ("Maikäfer flieg", 1973).

Nöstlinger died on 28 June 2018 in Vienna at the age of 81.

Masa Saito

He later joined the World Wrestling Federation (WWF), where he teamed with Mr. Fuji to hold the World Tag Team Championship twice. He also won the AWA World Heavyweight Championship in 1990. In Japan, Saito wrestled for both All Japan Pro Wrestling and New Japan Pro Wrestling.

In 2000, Saito was diagnosed with Parkinson's disease. He died of complications from the disease in Tokyo at the age of 76.

Antonio Inoki

Muhammad Hussain Inoki (born on February 20, 1943 – October 1, 2022) was a Japanese professional wrestling and mixed martial arts promoter, politician, and retired professional wrestler and martial artist, best known by his ring name Antonio Inoki. Inoki's ring name was a tribute to fellow professional wrestler Antonino Rocca.

Inoki began his professional wrestling career in the Japanese Wrestling Association (JWA) under the tutelage of Rikidōzan. Inoki quickly became one of the most popular stars in the history of Japanese professional wrestling.

In 1989, Inoki entered Japanese politics as he was elected to the Japanese House of Councillors and as part of his first term with the House of Councillors successfully negotiated with Saddam Hussein for the release of Japanese hostages. He retired from politics in 1995, but was re-elected in 2013.
On October 1, 2022, at age 79, Inoki died from systemic transthyretin amyloidosis.

It Chapter Two

It: Chapter Two is a 2019 American supernatural horror movie directed by Andy Muschietti and written by Gary Dauberman. It is a sequel to the 2017 movie "It", taking place 27 years after the first movie. It is based on the novel of the same name by Stephen King.

The movie stars James McAvoy, Jessica Chastain, Jay Ryan, Bill Hader, Isaiah Mustafa, James Ransone and Andy Bean. Bill Skarsgård reprises his role as Pennywise the Dancing Clown.

It is produced by New Line Cinema, Vertigo Entertainment and Rideback, and distributed by Warner Bros. Pictures. The movie was released on September 6, 2019.


Red Robin

Red Robin Gourmet Burgers and Brews (or simply Red Robin) is an American casual dining restaurant chain. It was founded in September 1969 in Seattle, Washington. Ten years later in 1979, the first franchised Red Robin was opened in Yakima, Washington.

The restaurant chain is now headquartered in Greenwood Village, Colorado (a suburb of Denver). It has over 530 locations, 499 of which are company owned.

The original Red Robin in Seattle closed in March 2010. It was later demolished in 2014.

Red Robin later added a "simplified" line of restaurants called Red Robin's Burger Works in Washington, D.C., Ohio, Illinois and Colorado. These restaurants are quick-service eateries.

River Taw

The River Taw is one of two major rivers in north Devon. It rises at "Taw Head", a spring on the central northern flanks of Dartmoor. Then it crosses north Devon and runs close to the sea at the town of Barnstaple, formerly a significant port. Then it empties into Bideford Bay in the Bristol Channel. It has a large estuary of wide meanders which is joined by the estuary of the Torridge.

Bristol Channel

The Bristol Channel () is a major inlet in south-western Britain. It separates South Wales from Devon & Somerset in South West England. It extends from the lower estuary of the River Severn to the Atlantic Ocean. 
It takes its name from the English city of Bristol, and is over 30 miles (50 km) wide at its widest point.

Droughts in the United States

Droughts in the United States is similar to drought around other parts of the world. Below-normal precipitation leads to drought. That's caused by an above average persistence of high pressure over a dry area.

Drought in the United States occurs during climate cycles, such as the North Atlantic oscillation, Atlantic multidecadal oscillation and the El Niño-Southern Oscillation. These determine what areas are more likely to have development of drought and when drought develops.

Droughts are periodic. They alternate with floods over a series of years.

The worst droughts in U.S. history happened in the 1930s and 1950s. The U.S. drought in the 1930s was called the Dust Bowl. The 1936 North American heat wave was part of the Dust Bowl.

Other major droughts in the 20th and 21st centuries happened in the United States in the 1960s, 1980, 1983, 1988-90, 2002 and 2012-14.

The costliest drought in United States history was the 1988-90 drought. The drought caused just over $60 billion in damage. During the drought, there were also heat waves that took the lives of 4,800-17,000 people in the U.S. This drought was also the costliest natural disaster in U.S. history before Hurricane Katrina.

Droughts can affect anywhere within the United States. But the Midwest, Great Plains and Western United States are most likely to be affected by droughts.

River Torridge

The River Torridge is a river in northern Devon, England. The River Torridge rises near Meddon. The course of the river makes a long loop through Devon farming country where its tributaries the Lew and Okement join before it meets the Taw at Appledore and then flows into the Bristol Channel. The Torridge local government district is named after the river.

Prince Regent DLR station

Prince Regent DLR station is a station on the Docklands Light Railway (DLR) in the Docklands area of East London. The station was opened on 28 March 1994. It provides access to the eastern end of the ExCeL Exhibition Centre. The station signage is subtitled 'for ExCeL East'. There is a small bus station adjoining the station. Buses from here go to Plaistow and London City Airport. The station is on the DLR's Beckton branch, between Custom House and Royal Albert stations. It is in Travelcard Zone 3.

List of Texas hurricanes (1900–1949)

The list of Texas hurricanes lists tropical storms and hurricanes that hit the U.S. State of Texas during that 50-year period.

September 8-9, 1900: The 1900 Galveston Hurricane hit Galveston, Texas. The storm killed 8,000 to 12,000 people, mostly in Texas. It also caused $30 million in damage. It was the deadliest hurricane to ever hit the United States.

August 16-18, 1915: The 1915 Galveston hurricane hit just to the southwest of Galveston. The storm caused $56 million in damage in Texas alone. There were 111 deaths in or near Texas.

September 14-15, 1919: The 1919 Florida Keys hurricane struck near Corpus Christi, Texas. The storm took 284 to 300 lives near Corpus Christi.

August 13-14, 1932: The 1932 Freeport hurricane hit around Freeport. The storm caused forty deaths in Texas.

September 4-5, 1933: The eleventh storm struck just north of Brownsville. It killed 179 people. It caused $28 million in damage.

August 29-30, 1942: The 1942 Matagorda hurricane hit around Matagorda, Texas. It did $26.5 million in damage in south-central Texas. Eight people died.

July 27, 1943: The 1943 Surprise Hurricane hit at the Bolivar Peninsula, near Galveston. It was a Category 2 storm having winds near 105 mph. The storm killed 19 people. It caused $17 million in damage.

Matagorda, Texas

Matagorda is a census-designated place. It is in Matagorda County on the Upper Texas coast. There were 313 people living there as of the 2020 census.

Royal Albert DLR station

Royal Albert DLR station is a station on the Docklands Light Railway (DLR) in the Docklands area of East London, England. The station serves the western end of the north quay of the Royal Albert Dock, from which it takes its name. London City Airport can be seen from the station. The station is located on an elevated section of the DLR's Beckton branch, between Prince Regent and Beckton Park stations. It is in Travelcard Zone 3.

Cyprus DLR station

Cyprus is a station on the Docklands Light Railway (DLR) located in Cyprus, London, England. It is south of Beckton, in the Docklands area of Newham, East London. The station serves the University of East London Docklands Campus and the eastern end of the north quay of the Royal Albert Dock. The station is located on the DLR's Beckton branch, between Beckton Park and Gallions Reach stations. It is in Travelcard Zone 3.

1932 Freeport hurricane

The 1932 Freeport hurricane was a severe tropical cyclone. The storm happened in August 1932. It mostly affected certain areas of the Upper Texas coast.

It was the second storm and first hurricane of the season. It developed near the Mexican Yucatán Peninsula on August 12. As it moved to the northwest, it began to get stronger the next day. It fastly went from a Category 1 hurricane to a Category 4. Winds got as high as 150 mph (240 km/h).

The storm struck near Freeport, Texas as a Category 4 with maximum sustained winds of 150 mph.

The storm caused heavy rainfall inland. Rainfall peaked at 9.93 inches near Angleton.

There were 40 deaths from the hurricane.

Hobie Billingsley

Hobie Billingsley (June 23, 1927 – July 16, 2022) was an American diving champion. He was honored at the International Swimming Hall of Fame. He was best known for coaching the U.S. Swim Team in 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta. He was born in Erie, Pennsylvania. 

Billingsley published the second edition of his "Diving Illustrated". Billingsley was one of only six diving coaches mentioned in the American Red Cross's "Swimming and Water Safety" [WSI Manual, 2004]; in the chapter on the history of the sport.

In July 2018, Billingsley was diagnosed with myasthenia gravis and hospitalized. He died from the disease on July 16, 2022 in Bloomington, Indiana at the age of 95.


Christopher Robin Milne

Christopher Robin Milne (21 August 1920 – 20 April 1996) was the son of author A. A. Milne. As a child, he was the inspiration of the character Christopher Robin in his father's Winnie-the-Pooh stories and in two books of poems.

Milne gave the original stuffed animals that inspired the Pooh characters to the books' editor, who in turn donated them to the New York Public Library. He hated the idea of Winnie-the-Pooh being commercialized.

Milne died in his sleep on 20 April 1996 in Totnes, Devon, aged 75.

A. A. Milne

Alan Alexander Milne (; 18 January 1882 – 31 January 1956) was an English author. He was best known for his books about the teddy bear Winnie-the-Pooh and for many poems. 

Milne served in both World Wars, joining the British Army in World War I, and was a captain of the British Home Guard in World War II.

Milne's son, Christopher Robin, served as the inspiration of the character of the same name in his Winnie-the-Pooh books.

Milne retired to the farm after a stroke and brain surgery in 1952 which left him paralyzed. Milne died on 31 January 1956, nearly two weeks after his 74th birthday.

Unbinilium

Unbinilium is a hypothetical (theoretical or imagined) element of the periodic table. It is also known as eka- radium. Its atomic number should be 120 and is has the symbol Ubn. The name Unbinilium and the symbol Ubn are temporary IUPAC names (meaning "one-two-zero-ium" in Latin). This name and symbol exists until a permanent name is decided and the element is discovered. It is expected to be a s-block element and an alkaline earth metal. It is the second element in the eighth period of the periodic table.

This element has not been synthesized (obtained or discovered) yet. A German team at the GSI Helmholtz Centre for Heavy Ion Research attempted a research on 2011. It suggested a possible production of Ubn. But it couldn't be done. Attempts were planned by the Russian, Japanese, and French teams. Attempts were made in 2017-2020 and the experiments from the attempts showed that 8th period elements were difficult to synthesize. Unbinilium is expected to be the last element that can be synthesized through current technology.

As of November 2022, it has yet to be created and currently has no uses.

Prime Minister of Malaysia

The Prime Minister of Malaysia (; ) is the head of government and the highest political office in Malaysia. The Yang di-Pertuan Agong appoints Prime Minister as a Member of Parliament (MP). The Prime Minister chairs the Cabinet of Malaysia, the de facto executive branch of government.

Colour key (for political coalitions/parties):

Gallions Reach DLR station

Gallions Reach DLR station is a station on the Docklands Light Railway (DLR) in the Docklands area of East London, England. It serves the Gallions Reach Retail Park. The station is located on the DLR's Beckton branch, between Cyprus and Beckton stations. It is in Travelcard Zone 3.

Tunku Abdul Rahman

Tunku Abdul Rahman Putra Al-Haj ibni Almarhum Sultan Abdul Hamid Halim Shah (Jawi: ‏تونكو عبد الرحمن ڤوترا الحاج ابن سلطان عبد الحميد حليم شاه ; , 8 February 1903 – 6 December 1990) was a Malaysian politician. He was the first Chief Minister of the Malaysia from 1955 to 1957, before becoming the country's first Prime Minister after independence in 1957. He resigned in 1970.


Abdul Razak Hussein

Yang DiHormat Orang Kaya Indera Shahbandar ke-10, Tun Haji Abdul Razak bin Dato' Hussein, , (Jawi: عبد الرزاق بن حسین; 11 March 1922; 14 January 1976) was the second Prime Minister of Malaysia from 1970 to 1976.


Hussein Onn

Tun Hussein bin Dato' Onn, , (Jawi: حسین بن عون ; b. 12 February 1922 – d. 29 May 1990) was the third Prime Minister of Malaysia from 1976 to 1981.

Woodstock '99

Woodstock '99 was the second music festival (after Woodstock '94) that tried to copy the feel of the original Woodstock festival. It was held between July 22 and 25, 1999, in Rome, New York, 200 miles (320 kilometres) from the original event.

Unlike the original Woodstock and Woodstock '94, this had several problems that became more famous than the actual event. Firstly, it was very hot in the area, often reaching 100 °F (38 °C) and the area, an old air base, had no trees to keep people cool. Secondly, people were not allowed to bring their own food and drink into the festival, and they had to buy from food sellers in the festival, which was very expensive, costing $12 for a single slice of pizza, and a 590ml bottole of water cost $4. Thirdly, there was a very small amount of toilets for all the people, and within a short time, they were broken.

The festival also had a big violence problem, including the audience tearing plywood from the walls during the performance of the Limp Bizkit song “Break Stuff”. On one occasion, a group handed out candles for a candlelight vigil, but the audience instead used them as a bonfire, throwing water bottles at it to burn longer.

Abdullah Ahmad Badawi

Tun Dato' Seri Haji Abdullah bin Haji Ahmad Badawi (Jawi: عبد الله بن احمد بداوي; born 26 November 1939) is a Malaysian politician. He was the Prime Minister of Malaysia from 2003 to 2009. He was also the President of the United Malays National Organisation (UMNO), the largest political party in Malaysia.


Stratford High Street DLR station

Stratford High Street is a Docklands Light Railway station in Stratford, London, England. It is located on the Stratford International branch of the Docklands Light Railway, which opened on 31 August 2011.

The site was the location of an earlier railway station from 1847 to 1957. This was first called Stratford Bridge and later Stratford Market.

2018 Malaysian general election

The 2018 Malaysian general election (formally the 14th Malaysian general election) was held on 9 May 2018 to elect members to the Dewan Rakyat of the 14th Parliament of Malaysia and therefore a new Prime Minister of Malaysia. All 222 seats in the Dewan Rakyat and 505 seats in 12 out of the 13 State Legislative Assemblies of Malaysia were up for election.

Malaysia's main opposition, Pakatan Harapan, led by Mahathir Mohamad, along with the Sabah Heritage Party, won 121 seats in the Dewan Rakyat, allowing them to form a majority government. Mahathir became the next Prime Minister. Mahathir was sworn in on May 10, a day after the election. Barisan Nasional, led by former Prime Minister Najib Razak, won 79 seats, becoming the Opposition after 61 years of holding the majority.

Hadi Awang

Dato' Seri Tuan Guru Haji Abdul Hadi bin Awang (Jawi: حاج عبدالهادي اوڠ, born 20 October 1947) is a Malaysian politician. He is President of the Pan-Malaysian Islamic Party (PAS), an Islamist political party in Malaysia, since 2002. He led the party in the 2018 general election, but lost. He was Menteri Besar of Terengganu from 1999 to 2004.


Richard Hofstadter

Richard Hofstadter (August 6, 1916 – October 24, 1970) was an American historian and educator. He was born in Buffalo, New York. Hofstadter was the DeWitt Clinton Professor of American History at Columbia University.

His most important works are "Social Darwinism in American Thought, 1860–1915" (1944); "The American Political Tradition" (1948); "The Age of Reform" (1955); "Anti-intellectualism in American Life" (1963), and the essays collected in "The Paranoid Style in American Politics" (1964). He was awarded the Pulitzer Prize two times: in 1956 and 1964.

Hofstadter died on October 24, 1970 in New York City of leukemia, aged 54.

John A. Stormer

John A. Stormer (February 9, 1928 – July 10, 2018) was an American Protestant anti-communist author. He was born in Altoona, Pennsylvania. Stormer was best known for his 1964 book "None Dare Call it Treason." His books sold millions, warning America about the communist in the American society, politics and culture. Richard Hofstadter in "The Paranoid Style in American Politics" called it a "masterful piece of folkish propaganda."

Stormer died on July 10, 2018 in Troy, Missouri at the age of 90.


Troy, Missouri

Troy is a city in Lincoln County, Missouri, United States. As of the 2020 census the population was 12,686. It is the county seat of Lincoln County. It is a suburb of St. Louis.

Dover, New Hampshire

Dover is a city in Strafford County, New Hampshire, United States. The population was 32,741 at the 2020 census, the largest in the New Hampshire Seacoast region.

It is the county seat of Strafford County, and home to Wentworth-Douglass Hospital, the Woodman Institute Museum, and the Children's Museum of New Hampshire.

Bristol, Rhode Island

Bristol is a town in the historic county seat of Bristol County, Rhode Island, United States. The population was 22,493 at the 2020 census. Bristol is a deepwater seaport named after Bristol, England.

List of Texas hurricanes (1950–1979)

The U.S. State of Texas was affected by at least 34 tropical or subtropical cyclones between 1950 and 1979.

A tropical cyclone hits Texas about three times every four years. On any 50 mile segment of the coastline, a hurricane hits about once every six years.

The most intense storms in terms of the barometric pressure are Carla in 1961 and Beulah in 1967. The earlier was Texas' most damaging hurricane in the 1960s. It killed 46 people and caused $325 million in damage.

June 26-27, 1957: Hurricane Audrey hit near the Texas-Louisiana state line as a Category 4 hurricane. The winds were near 145 miles per hour. Most of the storm's impact was in Louisiana. However, the storm still brought strong winds to far east Texas.

September 10-12, 1961: Hurricane Carla hit near Port Lavaca. It was a Category 4 hurricane with an estimated central pressure near 931 millibars. An F4 tornado was put out by the storm near Galveston. That was the strongest tornado ever caused by a hurricane. Carla killed 46 people, 31 in Texas alone. The storm caused $325 million in damage.

September 19-21, 1967: Hurricane Beulah hit just south of Brownsville as a mild Category 4 hurricane. It created 115 tornadoes (a record at the time). There were fifteen deaths in the United States. Damage was near $200 million.

August 2-3, 1970: Hurricane Celia hit near Corpus Christi. The storm had microbursts and downbursts. Celia killed 28 people. It caused $930 million in damage in Texas. It was the costliest storm in Texas before Hurricane Alicia.

July 30-August 1, 1978: Tropical Storm Amelia created major floods. This caused the deaths of over 30 people in south-central Texas. Damage was near $110 million.

July 22-29: Tropical Storm Claudette struck at the Texas-Louisiana state line. The storm caused $400 million in damage. Two people were killed due to the storm.

Wailuku, Hawaii

Wailuku is a census-designated place (CDP) in and county seat of Maui County, Hawaii, United States. The population was 17,697 at the 2020 census. It is the county seat of Maui County.

Lihue, Hawaii

Lihue or Līhue is an unincorporated census-designated place (CDP) and the county seat of Kauai County, Hawaii. Lihue (pronounced ) is the second largest town on the Hawaiian island of Kauai after Kapaa. As of the 2020 Census, the CDP had a total population of 8,004.

Doug Ford

Douglas Robert Ford Jr. (born November 20, 1964) is a Canadian businessman and politician. He is the 26th and current Premier of Ontario since June 29, 2018. He is the Leader of the Progressive Conservative Party of Ontario since March 10, 2018.

Ford was Toronto City Councillor for Ward 2 Etobicoke North from 2010 to 2014. At the same time, his brother, Rob Ford, was Mayor of Toronto.


Philippe Couillard

Philippe Couillard (; born June 26, 1957) is a Canadian politician. He was the 31st Premier of Quebec from 2014 until his defeat in 2018. He is the leader of the Quebec Liberal Party and a former university professor and neurosurgeon in Quebec, Canada. 

Premier of Quebec

The Premier of Quebec (French: "Premier ministre du Québec" (masculine) or "Première ministre du Québec" (feminine)) is the head of government of the Canadian province of Quebec. The current Premier of Quebec is François Legault.

The Premier is most usually the head of the party winning the most seats in the National Assembly of Quebec, and is normally a sitting member of the National Assembly.

The role of the Premier of Quebec is to set the legislative roles on the opening speech of the National Assembly.

Stephen McNeil

Stephen McNeil (born November 10, 1964) is a Canadian politician. He was the 28th Premier of Nova Scotia from October 22, 2013 until February 23, 2021. He also represented the riding of Annapolis in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly from 2003 until 2021 and was the leader of the Nova Scotia Liberal Party from 2007 until 2021.


List of Texas hurricanes

List of Texas hurricanes may refer to:




Premier of Nova Scotia

The Premier of Nova Scotia is the first minister to the lieutenant governor of the Canadian province of Nova Scotia. They deal over the Executive Council of Nova Scotia. The premier is normally the leader of the political party which has the most seats in the Nova Scotia House of Assembly.

The current Premier of Nova Scotia is Tim Houston, who was sworn in on August 31, 2021. 

Frank McKenna

Francis Joseph "Frank" McKenna, (born January 19, 1948) is a Canadian businessman and former politician and diplomat. He is the Deputy Chairman of the Toronto-Dominion Bank. He was the Canadian Ambassador to the United States from 2005 to 2006. He was the 27th Premier of New Brunswick from 1987 to 1997.

Premier of New Brunswick

The Premier of New Brunswick (French (masculine): "Premier ministre du Nouveau-Brunswick", or feminine: "Première ministre du Nouveau-Brunswick") is the first minister for the Canadian province of New Brunswick. They are the province's head of government and "de facto" chief executive.

The current Premier of New Brunswick is Blaine Higgs, who was sworn in November 9, 2018.

Brian Gallant

Brian Alexander Gallant (born April 27, 1982) is a Canadian politician. He is the 33rd and current Premier of New Brunswick since October 7, 2014. Before, he was Leader of the Opposition.

At age 32, he was the second youngest Premier of New Brunswick to assume office. Currently, at age , Gallant is the youngest premier in Canada.

Brian Pallister

Brian William Pallister, (born July 6, 1954) is a Canadian politician. He is the 22nd Premier of Manitoba. He was in the Legislative Assembly of Manitoba from 1992 to 1997. In the Manitoba general election, 2016, Pallister and the Progressive Conservative party won a majority government.

Edward Schreyer

Edward Richard Schreyer (born December 21, 1935) is a Canadian politician. He was the Governor General of Canada, the 22nd, from 1979 to 1984. He was also the 16th Premier of Manitoba from 1969 to 1977.

John Horgan

John Joseph Horgan (born August 7, 1959) is a former Canadian politician. He was the 36th Premier of British Columbia from July 2017 until November 18, 2022. He was the leader of the British Columbia New Democratic Party since May 4, 2014 until October 21, 2022. 

Following the leadership election, he was appointed the Official Opposition Critic for Energy, and Opposition House Leader. He was replaced by Bruce Ralston as Opposition House Leader following his entry into the 2014 leadership election.

On November 4, 2021, Horgan announced that he had a malignant tumor in his throat and needed radiation treatment. On June 28, 2022, Horgan said he would step down as both premier and leader of the BC NDP party when a new leader was been selected.


Premier of British Columbia

The Premier of British Columbia is the first minister, head of government, and "de facto" chief executive for the Canadian province of British Columbia. Until the early 1970s the title "Prime Minister of British Columbia" was often used. 

The political party that wins the largest number of seats in a general election is usually invited by the lieutenant governor to form the government. Its leader becomes the head of the provincial government and is known as the premier.


Wade MacLauchlan

H. Wade MacLauchlan (born December 10, 1954), is a Canadian academic and politician. He was 32nd Premier of Prince Edward Island from February 23, 2015 through May 9, 2019.

MacLauchlan is openly gay.

Premier of Prince Edward Island

The Premier of Prince Edward Island is the first minister for the Canadian province of Prince Edward Island. They are the province's head of government and "de facto" chief executive.

The current Premier of Prince Edward Island is Dennis King, since May 19, 2019.


Alex Campbell (politician)

Alexander Bradshaw Campbell (born December 1, 1933) is a politician of Prince Edward Island. In 1965, he was elected leader of the PEI Liberal Party and, in 1966 took the party to power becoming, at 32, one of the youngest premiers ever elected in Canada. He also held the position of Attorney-General from 1966 until 1969.

Scott Moe

Scott Moe (born July 31, 1973) is a Canadian politician. He is the 15th and current Premier of Saskatchewan, in office since February 2018. He is a member of the Legislative Assembly of Saskatchewan for the riding of Rosthern-Shellbrook. He was Minister of the Environment from 2016 to 2017, after which he resigned to launch his campaign for the leadership of the Saskatchewan Party.

Premier of Saskatchewan

The Premier of Saskatchewan is the first minister for the Canadian province of Saskatchewan. They are the province's head of government and "de facto" chief executive.

The current Premier of Saskatchewan is Scott Moe, who was sworn in as premier on February 2, 2018. Since Saskatchewan joined Confederation as a province in 1905, 15 individuals have served as premier.

Roy Romanow

Roy John Romanow, (born August 12, 1939) is a Canadian politician. He was the 12th Premier of Saskatchewan from 1991 to 2001.


Rachel Notley

Rachel Anne Notley (born April 17, 1964) is a Canadian politician. She is a member of the Legislative Assembly of Alberta for Edmonton-Strathcona and is the leader of the Alberta New Democratic Party. From 2015 to 2019, she was the 17th Premier of Alberta.

Notley was elected to the Legislative Assembly for the first time in the 2008 elections. She represented the riding of Edmonton-Strathcona. She was elected to this seat three more times, in 2012, 2015, and 2019. She became the leader of the New Democratic Party in 2014. In the 2015 elections, she became the Premier. This was after the NDPs won a majority government. Because they were elected, the Progressive Conservatives stopped ruling over Alberta for the first time in 44 years. After the 2019 elections, the NDPs lost to the United Conservative Party. Because of this, she became the Leader of the Opposition.


Premier of Alberta

The Premier of Alberta is the first minister for the Canadian province of Alberta. He or she is the province's head of government. The current Premier of Alberta is Danielle Smith, who was sworn in on October 11, 2022.

The premier of the province deals with Alberta's relation on the national scene. The premier acts as a representative for the Legislative Assembly of Alberta and the Members of the Legislative Assembly (MLA) are in turn the representatives of the people of Alberta.

Dwight Ball

Dwight Ball (born December 21, 1957) is a Canadian politician. He was the 13th Premier of Newfoundland and Labrador from December 14, 2015 until August 19, 2020 and an MHA.

On January 3, 2012, Ball began his duties as Leader of the Official Opposition and interim leader of the Liberal Party. 

On November 30, 2015, Ball won a 31-seat majority government in the 2015 election.


Premier of Newfoundland and Labrador

The Premier of Newfoundland and Labrador is the first minister, head of government and de facto chief executive for the Canadian province of Newfoundland and Labrador. 

The Premier is appointed by the Lieutenant Governor of Newfoundland and Labrador, as representative of the Queen in Right of Newfoundland and Labrador. He or she is usually the leader of the party that commands a majority in the House of Assembly. 

The current Premier of Newfoundland and Labrador is Andrew Furey, since August 19, 2020.


Clyde Wells

Clyde Kirby Wells, (born November 9, 1937) is a Canadian politician. He was the fifth Premier of Newfoundland and Labrador from 1989 to 1996. He was the Chief Justice of Newfoundland and Labrador, sitting on the Supreme Court of Newfoundland and Labrador (Court of Appeal) from 1998 to 2009.

Bob McLeod (politician)

Robert R. McLeod (born 1952) is a Canadian politician. He is a member of the Legislative Assembly of the Northwest Territories and the 12th Premier of the Northwest Territories from October 26, 2011 until October 24, 2019.


Nick Sibbeston

Nick G. Sibbeston (born November 21, 1943) is a retired Canadian Senator. He represented the Northwest Territories. He was nominated to the Senate by Liberal prime minister Jean Chrétien in 1999 and sat until 2017, when he resigned on his 74th birthday. He was Premier of the Northwest Territories from 1985 to 1987.

Premier of the Northwest Territories

The Premier of the Northwest Territories is the first minister for the Northwest Territories, 
Canada. He or she is the territory's head of government and "de facto" chief executive, although the powers of the office are less than those of a provincial premier.

The Premier of the Northwest Territories is elected, along with the cabinet, by the non-partisan members of the Legislative Assembly, in accordance with the system of consensus government, and then appointed by the Commissioner of the Northwest Territories.

The current Premier is Caroline Cochrane, since October 24, 2019.

Hay River, Northwest Territories

Hay River is a town in the Northwest Territories in Canada.

Sandy Silver

Sidney Alexander "Sandy" Silver (born October 15, 1969) is a Canadian politician. He is the ninth and current Premier of Yukon since 2016. He was first elected to the Yukon Legislative Assembly in the 2011 election. He represents the electoral district of Klondike and is Leader of the Yukon Liberal Party.

Premier of Yukon

The Premier of Yukon (or unofficially, the Premier of the Yukon) is the first minister for the Canadian territory of Yukon. They are the territory's head of government and "de facto" chief executive. 

The office was created in 1979. The current Premier of Yukon is Ranj Pillai, leader of the Yukon Liberal Party. Pillai was formally sworn in as premier on January 14, 2023.

Willard Phelps

Willard Leroy Phelps (born October 23, 1941) is a retired Yukon politician. He was the Government Leader in 1985.

Phelps formed the United Citizens Party of Yukon in 2009 to oppose the government of Dennis Fentie. He resigned as the party leader on May 9, 2011 because of his health and because he was not as interested in politics.

Joe Savikataaq

Joe Saviktaaq (born December 8, 1960) is a Canadian politician. He is the fifth and current Premier of Nunavut. He was elected Premier on June 14, 2018. He replaced Paul Quassa who lost a non-confidence vote.

Premier of Nunavut

The Premier of Nunavut is the first minister for the Canadian territory of Nunavut. The Premier is the territory's head of government and "de facto" chief executive, although their powers are somewhat smaller than those of a provincial premier.

The premier of Nunavut (and the cabinet) is directly elected by the non-partisan members of the Legislative Assembly. They are then formally appointed by the Commissioner of Nunavut.

Paul Okalik

Paul Okalik (, ; born May 26, 1964) is a Canadian politician and lawyer. He is the first Inuk lawyer in NWT/Nunavut history. He was also the first premier of Nunavut. OKalik was the premier of Nunavut from 1999 until 2008. 

On November 4, 2010, he was elected Speaker of the Legislative Assembly of Nunavut. Okalik represented the district of Iqaluit West until April 6, 2011. He resigned to try to become a MP for Nunavut in the 2011 Canadian federal election. He returned to the Legislative Assembly in 2013. He was defeated in the 2017 general election.

Kathleen Wynne

Kathleen O'Day Wynne (born May 21, 1953) is a Canadian politician. She was the 25th Premier of Ontario and the leader of the Ontario Liberal Party from 2013 to 2018. Wynne was the first female premier of Ontario and the first openly LGBT premier in Canada. She has been the Member of Provincial Parliament (MPP) for Don Valley West since 2003.

Wynne and the Liberals began their 2018 provincial election campaign on May 9, 2018. They were doing very badly in the opinion polls against the Progressive Conservatives. Their leader was former Toronto City Councillor Doug Ford. An analysis of several polls by the CBC showed that the Progressive Conservatives had the most support out of all the parties.

On the day of the election, the Progressive Conservatives won a majority government and the NDP became the Official Opposition. The Liberals won only seven seats in the Legislature. This was their worst result since Confederation.

List of Texas hurricanes (1980–present)

From 1980 and beyond, at least 70 tropical or subtropical cyclones affected or hit the U.S. State of Texas.

The most active month is September. In that month, 21 storms have affected or hit Texas. None have hit between December and May.

The strongest storm in terms of barometric pressure is Hurricane Allen in 1980. Allen was also the first storm to affect or hit the state. The strongest storm in terms of wind speed is Hurricane Gilbert in 1988. That storm produced winds of Category 4 levels in the state. The most damaging hurricane to hit or affect Texas is Hurricane Harvey. That storm caused $125 billion in damage in late August 2017.

August 10, 1980: Hurricane Allen hits just north of Brownsville as a Category 3 hurricane. Heavy rainfall is reported across South Texas; the most rain falls in Kingsville, with 20.2 inches in that area. Almost all structures on South Padre Island are destroyed. At least 12 tornadoes are caused by Allen. Damage from the storm is just over $600 million.

August 17-18, 1983: Hurricane Alicia hits just south of Galveston and Texas City as a Category 3 storm. It hits Houston and Galveston directly. It has winds near 115 mph when it hits land. Damage totals $2 billion to $3 billion.

June 26, 1986: Hurricane Bonnie hits near High Island as a Category 1 hurricane. The storm also affects Louisiana. Five people are killed.

September 16-17, 1988: Hurricane Gilbert hits northern Mexico just south of Brownsville as a mild Category 4 hurricane. It creates 40 tornadoes in Texas. Two of them are killer tornadoes. Damage in the U.S. is $80 million.

June 26-27, 1989: Tropical Storm Allison hits land at Freeport. The storm causes flooding that kills eleven people. Damage from Allison is $560 million. The tropical storm's winds are 50 mph when it hits.

August 1, 1989: Hurricane Chantal hits eastern Texas as a Category 1 hurricane. The storm hits near High Island. Damage is near $100 million. Thirteen people are killed.

October 16, 1989: Hurricane Jerry hits the Galveston area as a Category 1 hurricane. The storm causes $70 million in damage. It kills three people.

June 19-21, 1993: Tropical Storm Arlene came ashore near South Padre Island in southern Texas. The winds were near 40 miles per hour when it hit the state. Damage was near $60.8 million.

Mid-October 1994: The remnants of Eastern Pacific Hurricane Rosa caused severe flooding in Texas. The floods killed 22 people. Damage from the floods was $700 million.

July 30-31, 1995: Tropical Storm Dean hit near Freeport. The rainfall caused localized damage.

August 22-23, 1998: Tropical Storm Charley hit near Port Aransas as a strong tropical storm. Thirteen people die in the flash floods from the storm.

September 11, 1998: Tropical Storm Frances hit at Corpus Christi as a strong tropical storm. The damage from Frances was $500 million. 

Mid-October 1998: The remnants from Pacific Hurricane Madeline caused flooding problems in central Texas. Damage was $750 million. 31 people were killed.

August 22-23, 1999: Hurricane Bret hit at Padre Island as a Category 3 hurricane. It was the first hurricane in ten years. It was also the first major hurricane since Alicia 16 years before.

June 5, 2001: Tropical Storm Allison hit the Galveston-Houston-Texas City region of Texas. Winds were near 60 miles per hour. The storm led to serious flooding in Texas and Louisiana. It killed over 50 people. Damage was almost $9 billion.

September 7, 2002: Tropical Storm Fay hit near Port O'Connor as a strong tropical storm. Rainfall reached 18.49 inches at Fowlerton.

July 15, 2003: Hurricane Claudette hit at Matagorda Island near Port O'Connor as a strong Category 1 hurricane. Damage was $181 million.

September 23-24, 2005: Hurricane Rita struck at the borders of Texas and Louisiana as a Category 3 hurricane. The storm killed over 100 people, many during evacuation. Damage from Rita was as between $12 billion and $19 billion.

August 16, 2007: Tropical Storm Erin hit close to Lamar as a mild tropical storm. Nine people were killed. Damage was $49 million.

September 12-13, 2007: Hurricane Humberto hit eastern Texas as a Category 1 hurricane. The storm had 90 mph winds. It killed one person. The damage was $50 million.

July 23, 2008: Hurricane Dolly hit at South Padre Island with winds of 100 mph. No people were killed by Dolly. But damage was between $1 billion and $2 billion.

September 12-13, 2008: Hurricane Ike hit at Galveston, Texas City and Houston as a strong Category 2 hurricane. Winds were at 110 miles per hour. Damage from Ike was around $30 billion in the U.S. alone.

September 7, 2010: Tropical Storm Hermine hit southern Texas while coming into the U.S. from Mexico. Eight people were killed in Texas and Oklahoma. Damage in the U.S. was $240 million.

August 25-26, 2017: Hurricane Harvey hit south-central Texas as a Category 4 storm. Damage was $125 billion. That tied Harvey with Katrina as the costliest tropical cyclone in United States history. Over 100 people were killed, mostly in Texas. Most of the damage was from severe flooding.

Woodstock '94

Woodstock '94 was a music festival. It was organized in 1994 to celebrate the 25th anniversary of the original Woodstock festival of 1969.

The 1994 concert was scheduled for Saturday, August 13 and Sunday, August 14. The third day, Friday, August 12, was added later. But the weather was rainy that weekend. By that Saturday, much of the field had turned to mud.

The event happened in Saugerties, New York. More than 500,000 people attended the festival.

Unbihexium

Unbihexium, also known as element 126 or eka-plutonium, is the possible chemical element with atomic number 126 and placeholder symbol Ubh. "Unbihexium" and "Ubh" are the temporary IUPAC name and symbol, until the element is discovered, confirmed, and a permanent name is decided upon. In the periodic table, unbihexium is expected to be a g-block superactinide and the eighth element in the 8th period.

River Teign

The River Teign (pronounced 'teen') is a river in south Devon. It is 31 miles (50 km) long and rises on Dartmoor. It becomes an estuary just below Newton Abbot and flows into the English Channel at Teignmouth.

The Teign is formed by the joining together of the rivers North Teign and South Teign.

Crossharbour DLR station

Crossharbour is a light metro station on the Docklands Light Railway (DLR) Bank-Lewisham Line in Cubitt Town, East London. The station is on the Isle of Dogs between Mudchute and South Quay stations. It is in Travelcard Zone 2. The name "Crossharbour" refers to the nearby Glengall Bridge across Millwall Inner Dock.

The Docklands Light Railway station opened as "Crossharbour" on 31 August 1987. It was renamed in 1994 to "Crossharbour and London Arena". After the neighbouring London Arena was demolished in 2006, the original name was restored. 

Mudchute DLR station

Mudchute is a Docklands Light Railway (DLR) station in Millwall, next to Mudchute in London, England. The station is on the Isle of Dogs. It is in Travelcard Zone 2.

The original Mudchute DLR station was on the route of the old Millwall Extension Railway. This was a Victorian railway line that had not been used for many years. The original elevated station opened on 31 August 1987. It was the last station before the terminus at Island Gardens. When the line was extended under the River Thames to a new terminus at Lewisham, Mudchute station was rebuilt in a shallow cutting close to the tunnel entrance. The rebuilt station opened on 20 November 1999. In April 2008 work started on replacing the siding formed by the old route into a third platform for reversing trains and adding a canopy over the station. By October 2009 these works were complete.

Island Gardens DLR station

Island Gardens is a light metro station on the Docklands Light Railway (DLR) Bank-Lewisham Line. It is next to Island Gardens in North Greenwich, East London. It is just north of the River Thames, on the Isle of Dogs. The station is close to the southern tip of the Isle of Dogs and the River Thames.

The original Island Gardens DLR station was opened on 31 August 1987 as the southern terminus of the initial DLR system. It was built next to the site of the old North Greenwich railway station, which had been the southern terminus of the old Millwall Extension Railway. Island Gardens DLR station was elevated with two platforms. 

The extension of the DLR to a new terminus at Lewisham passes under the River Thames in a deep tube tunnel. This required a new Island Gardens DLR station to be built, further away from the river, and underground. The original station and the southern end of the connecting viaduct have since been demolished.

Cutty Sark for Maritime Greenwich DLR station

Cutty Sark "for Maritime Greenwich" is a light metro station on the Docklands Light Railway (DLR) Bank-Lewisham Line in Greenwich, south-east London. It is named for the nearby ship Cutty Sark in the Maritime Greenwich district. It is the most central of the Greenwich DLR stations, in Greenwich Town Centre.

Samaritan Museum

The Samaritan Museum is an Ethnographic and Archaeological Museum in Mount Gerizim, near Nablus. the museum is explores and presenting the culture of the Samaritans people. The museum is the only museum in the world dedicated to Samaritans and their language. The museum was opened in 1991.

Mien Schopman-Klaver

Wilhelmina Hendrika "Mien" Schopman-Klaver (26 February 1911 in Amsterdam – 10 July 2018 in Leiden, Netherlands) was a Dutch athlete. She was a reserve for the 4 × 100 metres relay at the 1932 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles.

Schopman-Klaver became a centenarian in 2011 and celebrated her 106th birthday in 2017.


Ye Lwin (musician)

Ye Lwin (; December 1947 – 10 July 2018) was a Burmese musician, guitarist and peace activist. He was the longtime bass guitarist and singer of the Mizzima Wave () band. He was one of activist musician in the peace movement of Myanmar. He created many own original tunes, and one of his song ""Pan Kayan Pya" " (Violet Flower) was most popular and banned from 1962 to 1988.

On 18 June 2018, Ye Lwin was hospitalized in Yangon for liver cancer. He died there on 10 July 2018, aged 70.

Gabriel Caruana

Gabriel Caruana (7 April 1929 – 16 July 2018) was a Maltese artist. He worked in ceramics. He studied at the Malta School of Art (1953–59). He exhibited internationally, including a group exhibit by Maltese artists at Hunter College in 1996. Caruana was a pioneer of modern art in Malta, drawing inspiration from popular art traditions and the architecture of the Island.

Caruana died on 16 July 2018 in Qormi at the age of 89.


Rita Bhaduri

Rita Bhaduri (4 November 1955 – 17 July 2018) was an Indian movie and television actress. She was born in Lucknow, Uttar Pradesh. Bhaduri was known for her roles in "Nimki Mukhiya", "Kabhi Haan Kabhi Naa", and in "Sindoor Aur Bandook".

Bhaduri died on 17 July 2018 at a Mumbai hospital from kidney disease at the age of 62.



Yvonne Blake

Yvonne Ann Blake (17 April 1940 – 17 July 2018) was a British-born Spanish costume designer. She was born in Manchester. Blake won an Academy Award for Best Costume Design for the movie "Nicholas and Alexandra". She also won four Goya Awards and was nominated for the BAFTA Awards and the Emmy Awards.

Blake was also known for her production design in "Jesus Christ Superstar" and "Superman".

Blake died on 17 July 2018 in Madrid from complications of a stroke at the age of 78.

List of New York hurricanes

The U.S. State of New York has been affected or hit by eighty-four tropical or subtropical cyclones since the 17th century. New York is in the northeastern U.S. on the East Coast. The strongest storm of all to hit the state was the 1938 New England hurricane. That storm also killed over 600 people.

October 9, 1804: A hurricane generates heavy snow as it moves north over the East Coast. The storm later becomes extratropical.

September 5, 1815: A hurricane moves over North Carolina. It then parallels the United States' East Coast. The storm causes a heavy rainstorm in New York.

September 3, 1821: The 1821 Norfolk and Long Island hurricane causes severe damage in Long Island. Storm surge is 13 feet. High winds cause a ship to crash. Seventeen people are killed in the shipwreck. There are 22 deaths total.

September 6, 1869: A hurricane brushes Long Island while hitting Rhode Island. Minimal damage results from the storm.

August 23-25, 1893: The 1893 New York hurricane hits New York City at the Brooklyn area. The storm is a Category 1 hurricane when it hits. Hog Island is washed away by the storm.
Over 30 people are killed.

August 29-30, 1893: The 1893 Sea Islands hurricane causes severe damage in New York. A number of lives are lost in the storm.

September 17, 1903: The 1903 New Jersey hurricane causes wind gusts of over 65 miles per hour. Three inches of rain fall in Central Park in New York City.

August 25, 1933: The Chesapeake–Potomac hurricane produces just over six inches of rain in southeastern New York. Damage is not known.

September 20, 1936: Strong waves and storm surges from a powerful hurricane flood much of Long Beach Island in New York. 

September 21, 1938: The 1938 New England hurricane hits at central Long Island at Suffolk County. The hurricane is a Category 3 when it hits. In New York, 60 deaths and hundreds of injuries are tied to the storm. Damage from the 1938 storm is in the hundreds of millions of dollars. Between 500-700 people are killed in the United States by the hurricane.

September 14-15, 1944: The 1944 Great Atlantic hurricane hits on Long Island as a Category 1 hurricane. Six people are killed.

August 31, 1954: Hurricane Carol hits Long Island: She produces winds gusts near 120 miles per hour (mph). The storm is compact, so Long Island is largely not affected by Carol. Damage totals in New York are not known.

September 11, 1960: Hurricane Donna hits Long Island as a Category 2 hurricane. Sustained winds on eastern Long Island are 100 mph. Western Long Island has winds of 70 mph. Damage is very low. There are no deaths in New York from the storm.

June 22, 1972: Hurricane Agnes hits New York City. She produces over 12 inches of rain in southeast New York and much of western New York. Severe river flooding causes six deaths.

August 10-11, 1976: Hurricane Belle hits Long Island as a Category 1 storm. One person is killed by a falling tree. Damage is moderate.

September 27, 1985: Hurricane Gloria hits west central Long Island as a Category 2 hurricane. The storm kills one person in New York. Damage is $300 million.

August 19, 1991: Hurricane Bob comes within a short distance of hitting eastern Long Island as a Category 2 hurricane. The storm kills two people. Insured damage is around $75 million.

July 13, 1996: Hurricane Bertha hits Long Island as a strong tropical storm. The storm produces heavy rainfall and tropical storm force winds.

September 16, 1999: Hurricane Floyd causes severe flooding on Long Island. The storm kills two people. Damage is moderate in New York.

September 6-7, 2008: Tropical Storm Hanna hits Long Island as a tropical storm. Other than downed trees, damage is mild.

August 27-28, 2011: Hurricane Irene hits Coney Island as a strong tropical storm. Storm surge reaches under the boardwalks at Coney Island and Long Beach. The storm kills five people in the state.

Late October 2012: Hurricane Sandy hits south of New York City. The storm causes billions of dollars of damage in eastern New York and New Jersey. Over 160 people are killed.

October 28-29, 2017: Tropical Storm Philippe blends with a low pressure system. The storm generates heavy rain and wind in New York.

August 20-23 2021 
Category 1 hurricane Henri hit New York causing flooding.

The following table includes all storms which caused fatalities in New York State.

BI Cygni

BI Cygni is a red supergiant in the Cygnus constellation. It has a size more than 1,000 times larger than the Sun.

Madeline Brewer

Madeline Brewer (born May 1, 1992) is an American actress. She was born in Pitman, New Jersey. 

Brewer is best known for her roles in the Netflix original series "Orange Is the New Black" and "Hemlock Grove". In 2016, she appeared in "Black Mirror". Brewer stars in "The Handmaid's Tale" on Hulu.

V382 Carinae

V382 Carinae, also named x Carinae, is a yellow hypergiant star. It is visible to the eye and is seen in the Carina constellation. With a diameter of almost 1 billion kilometers, or 700 times larger than the Sun, it is one of the largest known stars. V382 Carinae is 316,000 times brighter than the Sun.

Pitman, New Jersey

Pitman is a borough in Gloucester County, New Jersey, United States. As of the 2020 United States Census, the borough's population was 8,780. The borough was named for Rev. Charles Pitman, a Methodist minister.

V838 Monocerotis

V838 Monocerotis is a red giant star in the Monoceros constellation. It is famous for undergoing a sudden growth in size in the year 2002. When it happened, the star became 1,570 times bigger than the Sun. However, it shrunk in size - bringing its size to only 380 times bigger than the Sun. It is 20,000 times brighter than the Sun.

Charles Nicoletti

Charles "Chuckie" Anthony Nicoletti (December 3, 1916 – March 29, 1977), also known as "The Typewriter" and "Chuckie Typewriter", was an American mobster. He was born in Chicago. He was a top Chicago Outfit hitman under Outfit boss Sam Giancana before and after Giancana's rise and fall.

On March 29, 1977, Nicoletti was shot three times in the back of his head in the parking lot in suburban Northlake, Illinois, aged 60.

In 2010, "Playboy" magazine published an article by Hillel Levin in which Nicoletti was suspected in the assassination of President John F. Kennedy by James Files.


Tom Aposporos

Tom Aposporos is an American politician. He served as mayor of Poughkeepsie, New York for four two-year terms beginning in 1980. He was elected at age 27, making him the youngest mayor in Poughkeepsie's history. He is the only person to have served four consecutive terms. 

In 1988, he was elected to the Board of Directors of Progressive Bank, Inc., a publicly held holding company based in Pawling and later Fishkill, New York, which owned Pawling Savings Bank. In 1991, Aposporos was elected Progressive's Chairman of the Board and served until the merger of Progressive into Premier National Bank, and then as a Director of Premier to its sale in 1997 to a bank holding company owning M & T Bank of Buffalo, New York. 

Subsequently, Aposporos moved to Anna Maria Island on Florida's Gulf Coast and served in government there first chairing Anna Maria's Charter Review Commission and reforming the government to a Mayor and Commission form. He later served as a member of the City Commission. 

In 2006, he helped to found a not-for-profit producing theater company, Theatre Odyssey, and later served as Director Emeritus. Theatre Odyssey has produced over 200 new plays.

Since 1972, Aposporos has also been a professional in the real estate field and is a licensed real estate broker in both Florida and New York.

List of New England hurricanes

Hurricanes and tropical storms have been recorded in New England since the 17th century. But such storms have hit the region since long before then. The New England States are Connecticut, Maine, Massachusetts, New Hampshire, Rhode Island and Vermont.
August 25, 1635: The Great Colonial Hurricane of 1635 hits New England. Forty-six people are killed. (Note: The word "hurricane" was not yet in American English at that time).

September 1775: The 1775 Newfoundland hurricane brought very strong winds to New England.

November 1, 1778: A late-season hurricane struck Cape Cod, Massachusetts. It killed 50-70 people.

The 1804 Snow hurricane affected certain areas of New England. It generated snow in some parts of the Northeastern U.S.

September 23-24, 1815: The 1815 New England hurricane struck New England. It had an 11-foot storm surge. The storm killed 38 people.September 4, 1821: The 1821 Norfolk and Long Island hurricane cut through western New England. The storm killed 17 people.

September 8, 1869: A Category 3 hurricane struck Rhode Island. It caused several deaths in the New England region.

October 4-6, 1869: The 1869 Saxby Gale struck Cape Cod and Martha's Vineyard as a Category 2 hurricane. It also struck Maine as a Category 1. The storm killed 37 people.

November 3-4, 1927: A tropical storm struck western New England. It killed 84 people in Vermont and one in Rhode Island.

September 21, 1938: The 1938 New England hurricane struck central New England. The storm killed over 600 people. It caused over $400 million in damage. In particular, it came ashore in Connecticut.

September 14-15, 1944: The 1944 Great Atlantic hurricane hit east central New England at the Connecticut-Rhode Island border. It was a Category 1 storm when it struck. Damage across Cape Cod and Martha's Vineyard was worse than the 1938 hurricane. There was also severe wind damage in New Bedford, Massachusetts. Twenty-eight people were killed by the storm in New England.

August 30-September 1, 1954: Hurricane Carol hit eastern New England, particularly Massachusetts and Rhode Island. The storm was a Category 3. Carol killed 68 people. Damage was over $400 million.

September 11, 1954: Hurricane Edna struck Cape Cod and Martha's Vineyard as a Category 2 hurricane. Twenty people were killed. Damage was over $40 million.

September 11-13, 1960: Hurricane Donna hit Connecticut as a strong Category 1 hurricane. The storm caused heavy damage in Massachusetts, Maine and New Hampshire.

August 28, 1971: Tropical Storm Doria went into Connecticut after passing over Long Island. Hurricane-force wind was measured at sea level in Bridgeport, Connecticut.

August 10-11, 1976: Hurricane Belle moved slowly into New England as a strong tropical storm. The storm hit central New England, particularly Connecticut and Massachusetts.

September 27, 1985: Hurricane Gloria caused widespread wind damage in New England. The storm killed eight people. Damage from Gloria was $900 million.

August 19, 1991: Hurricane Bob struck Rhode Island and eastern Massachusetts as a strong Category 2 hurricane. The storm killed 18 people. Damage was $1.5 billion.

September 2, 1996: Hurricane Edouard passed just offshore as a Category 1 hurricane. The storm killed two people.

November 3, 2007: Hurricane Noel created hurricane force wind gusts in New England.

September 6-7, 2008: Tropical Storm Hanna moved through central and southern New England. Damage was minimal.

September 2010: Hurricane Earl produced heavy rain and high winds across eastern New England. The storm caused minimal damage.

August 27-28, 2011: Hurricane Irene moved into west-central New England as a strong tropical storm. Irene produced high winds, heavy rain and flooding in the region. The storm killed 16 people. The damage was in the billions of dollars.

October 28-29, 2012: Hurricane Sandy affected New England with outer rain bands and high winds. Five people were killed in New England.

October 29-30, 2017: Tropical Storm Philippe, combined with an extratropical system, resulted in around 1.2 million power outages. No people were killed.

October 30, 2020: Hurricane Zeta, combined with a cold front, brought accumulating snow. Power outages and downed trees were a result. No people were killed.

August 5, 2020: Hurricane Isaias, the hurricane caused tornados in New Jersey that killed lots of people, Power and Internet were out for days in New England. The storm killed 17 or 18 people. The damage was over 4 billion dollars.

Violence against women

Violence against women (VAW in short), also called gender-based violence, is violent acts mostly against women and girls. It is sometimes considered a hate crime. The reason for that is such acts of violence are done against women and girls mainly because they're female.

The United Nations' Declaration on the Elimination of Violence against Women says: "violence against women is a manifestation of historically unequal power of relations between men and women."

Violence against women has several broad categories: rape, sexual harassment, domestic violence, sexual violence, forced marriage and female genital mutilation are among those categories.

On 11 May 2011, Council of Europe has adopted Istanbul Convention against domestic violence and violence against women.


Vacation

A vacation (American English) or holiday (British English) is a time for people to relax and take a break from whatever they usually do. People spend their vacation time in different ways. For many, it's a time for tourism. They might go backpacking to a holiday camp, or stay in a trailer, hostel, or hotel. Families often take a vacation together. Because the cost of many things is becoming higher, some people are giving up going on vacation to other countries, and are staying in their home country and finding interesting places to go there. This type of trip is known colloquially as a "staycation".

Vacations are usually taken when somebody has time off of work or school. This means that many people go on vacation during religious or national holidays. Many jobs allow for workers to have several days off during which they will still be paid. This practice, known as annual leave, is another common time for people to go on vacation.

Indigenous marriage in South Africa

Indigenous marriage in South Africa is a social and legal bond between two clans. This bond is built around a man and a woman in a ukulobola covenant. The delivery of ikhazi things like cattle or other valuables from the man’s family to the woman’s. This bond connects the two clans in a permanent relationship. Children the man and woman have make the bond stronger. 

The wife gets transferred from her clan where she enjoyed her maiden status as a princess inkosazana to her marital home where she is elevated to the status of the queen inkosikazi of the household. She excels in her stature as a paragon of love, care, diligence, reliability and resourcefulness. Symbolically a married woman is seen as a hen that spreads its wings to keep all the clan members including the young, the elderly, the sick and the orphans warm, served and satisfied.


Buzzards Bay

Buzzards Bay is a bay next to the southeastern part of the U.S. State of Massachusetts. It is around 28 miles long and eight miles wide. 

Buzzards Bay is a popular place for tourism, fishing and boating. 

The name was given to this bay by colonists who saw a large bird they called a buzzard near the shores. But it was really an osprey.

Towns on Buzzards Bay were hit hardest by the effects of Hurricane Bob in August 1991.

Narragansett Bay

Narragansett Bay is a coastal body of water next to southern Rhode Island. It is on the north side of the Rhode Island Sound. The bay forms New England's largest estuary.

There are over 30 islands in the bay. The three largest ones are Aquidneck Island, Conanicut Island and Prudence Island.

Providence, Rhode Island's capital and largest city, is just to the north of Narragansett Bay. Newport is on the southeast side of the bay.

Camberwell railway station (England)

Camberwell is a closed railway station in Camberwell, South London, England. It was opened in 1862 by the London, Chatham and Dover Railway. It closed to passengers in 1916 and closed to all traffic in 1964. In 2018, local campaigners raised a 2,000 signature petition to re-open the station. 

Heron Quays DLR station

Heron Quays is a light metro station on the Docklands Light Railway (DLR) Bank to Lewisham Line. It is in the Heron Quays area of Canary Wharf in East London. 

The station is on the Isle of Dogs and serves the southern part of the Canary Wharf office complex. It is directly connected to that complex's Jubilee Place underground shopping centre. The station is elevated and is in one of the complex's office towers. It has an Oyster card interchange for the Canary Wharf tube station on London Underground's Jubilee line. Through ticketing is allowed between the two stations.

South Quay DLR station

South Quay is a Docklands Light Railway (DLR) station on the Isle of Dogs, London, England. The station is between Crossharbour and Heron Quays stations and is in Travelcard Zone 2. South Quay station is located on the southern shore of the South Dock of the West India Docks. The current station platforms sit astride the channel connecting Millwall Dock to the West India Docks.

The original South Quay station opened in 1987 in Millwall, and was a standard DLR phase 1 elevated station. It was later extended to permit the use of 2 car trains. The station was constrained by sharp curves at both ends and could not be further extended on its original site. The DLR planned to operate 3 car trains on this line so the station was relocated to a new site over Millwall Dock. The new site is some distance to the east, so the relocated station is partly in Cubitt Town.

Abbey Road DLR station

Abbey Road DLR station is a Docklands Light Railway station in the West Ham neighbourhood of the London Borough of Newham, in East London, England. It is located on the Stratford International extension of the Docklands Light Railway.

Science to Youth Movement

Science to Youth Movement (in Bosnian "Pokret Nauku mladima"), was formerly the Alliance of Young Researchers of Bosnia and Herzegovina until 1992. 

The first organizers and presidents were professors at the University of Sarajevo's Faculty of Sciences.

The Movement’s activities were organized as networks of local young researchers at the annual festivals of the B&H, and at the federal level of the Former Yugoslavia. The participants, mostly high school students, competed to test their knowledge of natural sciences and mathematical sciences in the freely selected topics. The works were written in the form of graduation/diploma theses. They were then defended to the professors of the Faculty of Sciences and the Faculty of Biotechnical and Biomedical sciences, and the National Museum of Bosnia and Herzegovina. Three prizes were awarded annually, in the form of books.

Bi-weekly or monthly summer schools were commonly held in historically notable cities/locations, such as Tjentište, Boračko jezero, Treskavica – Vučja Luka (Wolf Harbour) Jezero (near Jajce) and others.

Many engaged activists from the Faculty of Sciences received the highest awards of the Movement and the "People's Technique" (which can be found by searching the Internet).


Star Lane DLR station

Star Lane is a Docklands Light Railway (DLR) station in Canning Town, East London. It is on the Stratford International extension of the Docklands Light Railway between West Ham and Canning Town. It opened on 31 August 2011.

Canning Town

Canning Town is a district in the West Ham area of the London Borough of Newham in East London, England. It is in the area of the former Royal Docks on the north side of the River Thames. Rathbone Market is in Canning Town. Although it is near many affluent London Docklands developments, Canning Town remains among the 5 per cent most deprived areas in the United Kingdom. Many long-term residents suffer from poor health, low education and poverty. Canning Town station is on the Jubilee line providing connections to other areas. 

West Ham

West Ham is an area of East London, located east of Charing Cross. The place name can apply to a large district forming the western part of the modern London Borough of Newham, or simply to the central locality of that district. Neither the wider nor the central district are current administrative units but there is a West Ham electoral ward covering part of the central area. West Ham lies within the traditional boundaries of the county of Essex. It became part of the London Borough of Newham in 1965.


Silvertown

Silvertown is a district of the London Borough of Newham, in East London, England. It forms part of the Port of London. It lies on the north bank of the River Thames. A major £3.5billion redevelopment of the area was approved in 2015. It was named after Samuel Winkworth Silver's former rubber factory which opened in 1852. The area is now dominated by the Tate & Lyle sugar refinery and the John Knight ABP animal rendering plant.

Royal Docks

Royal Docks is an area in the London Borough of Newham in the London Docklands in East London, England. Royal Docks is also a ward of the London Borough of Newham. At the 2011 Census the ward had a population of 10,679. North Woolwich is part of Royal Docks ward.

The area is named after three docks – the Royal Albert Dock, the Royal Victoria Dock and the King George V Dock. They are more correctly called the Royal Group of Docks to distinguish them from the Royal Dockyards. The docks are called "Royal" because they are named after royal personages, not because they are in Crown ownership. The three docks together formed the largest enclosed docks in the world, with a water area of nearly and an overall estate of . This is equivalent to the whole of central London from Hyde Park to Tower Bridge.

The area was designated a special enterprise zone in 2012.

In My Feelings

"In My Feelings" is a song recorded by Canadian rapper Drake from his sixth studio album, "Scorpion". It is the ninth track on the B-side of the album. It was released as the album's third single on July 10, 2018. It reached number one on the US "Billboard" Hot 100, becoming his sixth US number-one hit. Drake became only the fourth artist to replace themselves at the top of the chart twice (after the Beatles, Usher, and Justin Bieber) when the song replaced "Nice for What" at the top. "Nice for What" replaced "God's Plan" at number one earlier in 2018.

The song inspired the #InMyFeelingsChallenge, also known as the #ShiggyChallenge, which became viral. It involves people dancing to the verse of the song beginning with, "Keke, do you love me?"

North Woolwich

North Woolwich is an area in in the London Borough of Newham, South East London. It lies on the northern, Essex side of the Thames but the area was long administered as part of Woolwich and Kent on the south bank. This arrangement was imposed in the aftermath of the Norman Conquest of England from 1066.

Matthew Waterhouse

Matthew Waterhouse (born 19 December 1961) is an English actor and writer. He is best known for his role as Adric in the BBC science fiction television series "Doctor Who" from 1980 to 1982. Waterhouse is openly gay.

Nirasenbei

Nira-senbei are a type of rice cracker made in Japan. Its name means "chive crackers" because they are made of baked buckwheat flour mixed with chives. They are local cuisine that have been eaten since the end of the Edo period in Nagano Prefecture. Nira-senbei are a popular snack in Suzaka, near Nagano city.

Tsukemono

Tsukemono is a traditional Japanese food made by pickling vegetables in salt or brine for a few days to several decades. Tsukemono resembles western Pickled cucumbers, but are usually eaten with rice.

Oyaki

Oyaki (おやき) is a Japanese dumpling made from fermented buckwheat dough wrapped around a stuffing of Japanese vegetables, fruit, or anko bean paste and then roasted on an iron pan. Oyaki are popular and widely available in Nagano Prefecture which is famous for the dish.


Goheimochi

Goheimochi is a local cuisine made in the mountains in the Chūbu region of Japan. It started in the Edo period, when rice was very valuable. Pounded rice is wrapped around a thin wooden stick, then grilled with miso, sugar, and mirin. Soy sauce, sesame, and walnuts can also be used. It is particularly famous in Nagano Prefecture where it is shaped like dango or traditional Japanese straw sandals called "waraji".

Sekihan

Sekihan () means “red rice”, and is a traditional Japanese food usually eaten on important days. It was originally brought from China during the Jōmon period and used red rice. In modern times, it is made by steaming sticky rice and red beans. It is typically served in a bowl or in bento. Local specialty ingredients are often added to make it sweeter, such as peanuts in Chiba Prefecture, nattō in Yamanashi Prefecture and Hiroshima Prefecture, and sweet beans in Nagano Prefecture.

In 2012, an organization was founded to promote "sekihan" in Japan. It has declared November 23rd each year as "Sekihan" Day.

Punch (drink)

Punch refers to many drinks made from fruit or fruit juice and sometimes alcohol. The drink was started in India, then was brought to the United Kingdom in the early 1600s. The drink spread to other countries. Punch is usually served at parties in large bowls known as "punch bowls".
In fact, the word “punch” is thought to derive from the Hindi word for “five,” as the original drink was frequently made with just five ingredients: alcohol (usually rum, brandy, or arack), sugar, juice (from either a lime or a lemon), water, and spices (like nutmeg). Others believe the word originates from the English “puncheon,” which was a volumetric description for certain sized barrels used to transport alcohol on ships.

Chirashizushi

Chirashizushi (ちらし寿司, "scattered sushi", also referred to as "barazushi") is a traditional Japanese food made with rice mixed with vinegar. It has several ingredients on top, such as egg, bamboo shoots, seafood, and nori.

Gokabo

Gokabo () is a Japanese sweet produced and sold in Saitama, especially Kumagaya city. It is one of the top three sweets in Saitama, along with Soka rice cake ("Senbei") of Soka city and potato sweets ("Imogashi") of Kawagoe city.

They are manufactured by hand. A starch-like core is placed in a pan and wrapped with starch syrup. Then, soybean powder ("Kinako") is placed on the surface. They can be made in different colors by using different-colored soybeans, such as blue soybeans. It was introduced 140 years ago and was sold at Tadenji Temple in Fudogaoka. It was sold under the name of "5 rice bar" during the Edo period. It is occasionally served in school meals for public elementary and junior high schools in modern times. It costs about 400 yen for twelve pieces.

Pitsunda

Pitsunda or Bichvinta is a town in the "Gagra district" of the disputed territory of Abkhazia.


Narazuke

Narazuke (ならづけ、奈良漬) is a type of traditional pickle produced in Nara Prefecture, Japan. Making pickles using the byproduct of alcohol was first widely used in the Korean Peninsula during the time of Three Kingdoms. It was then spread to Japan, which later evolved into the current form of pickles produced in Nara Prefecture. 

It is a pickle made from fresh fruit or vegetables that are soaked in salt and sake-no-kasu. Sake-no-kasu is a kind of waste from making sake, so that sake itself is not used. Making good quality narazuke takes a very long time. Some certain expert say it take at least 3 to 4 years.

Sannzoku-yaki

Sannzoku-yaki is a dish made of chicken, especially chicken thighs, from Nagano Prefecture, Japan. It is fried or baked, and served with cabbage.

Kuriokowa

Kuriokowa is a Japanese dish containing chestnuts and rice usually eaten during the fall.

Chikuzenni

Chikuzenni (筑前煮 "chikuzen-ni") is a dish that comes from northern Kyushu, Japan. It is made of chicken and vegetables. It is often eaten when bringing in the new year in Japan.

Takikomi gohan

Takikomi gohan (炊き込みご飯, 炊き込み御飯) is a Japanese rice dish with dashi, soy sauce, mushrooms, vegetables, meat, or fish.

Yaki Manju

Yaki Manju (grilled manju) is a crispy dough made from miso used for baking sweets in Japan. Yaki-manju is a traditional local food in Gunma. It began in the Edo period and was first made by a shop called Harashimaya in Maebashi, Gunma. Manju usually has miso paste on the outside and Azuki bean inside, which gives it a salty and sweet flavor, as well as a crispy texture on the outside and soft texture on the inside. It is sold at shops or festivals. It is a cheap, large, and filling snack. Making it requires flour, sugar, yeast, lukewarm water, salad oil and salt in a bowl. The dough is kneaded and steamed. Third, they are shaped round and put on a skewer. Finally, they are baked with miso paste.

Isesaki, Gunma holds a Yakimanju festival in January. This main event is making very big yakimanju. Its size is 20 meters. A lot of people participate in this festival.

Yashouma

Yashouma is traditional and colorful food in northern Nagano Prefecture made from rice flour.

1977 Birmingham tornado

The 1977 Birmingham tornado was a violent tornado that moved through the northern suburbs of Birmingham, Alabama during the afternoon of April 4, 1977.

Beginning a few miles north of Birmingham, it passed through Jefferson County, causing F5 damage in Smithfield. The tornado caused 22 deaths and 125 injuries as well as $25 million in damage. Hundreds of homes were damaged or destroyed. Two trucks were thrown into the air. Daniel Payne College suffered extensive damage, and it was closed permanently.

Other tornadoes broke out in Alabama, Georgia, Indiana, Kentucky, Mississippi, Missouri, and North Carolina. One tornado killed one person in Georgia, while another person was killed east of Birmingham. The severe weather on April 4 contributed to the crash of an Southern Airways plane, killing 70 people.

The tornado was the second tornado to affect Birmingham since 1956. The next tornado struck in 1998 and killed 32 people, and in 2011, a tornado killed 64 people.

Agni

Agni is the Vedic fire god of Hinduism.
According to the Vedas, Agni is considered as the mouth of the Deities, and the medium that conveys offerings to them in the Yagynas.
According to Bhavishya Purana The Agnivanshi Rajputs (Parmaras, Chauhanas, Pratiharas, and Solankis) are the descendants of the fire god Agni.

Suryavanshi

Suryavanshi Kshatriya/Rajput refer to the Solar Dynasty. The Suryavanshi Rajput clans are:

While Suryavanshi Kshatriyas present across Aryavarta (Ancient India) the other prominent community from South part of India also proclaims themself as Suryavanshi Kshatriya that's Kshatriya Kula Founders from Tamilnadu. They are the descendants of Chola dynasty and Cholas have declared themself as Suryavanshi/ Raghuvanshi. The Vanniyar kula Kshatriyas are the sickle largest community in Tamilnadu however anti Hindu forces and politics have always kept this community in dark so that they don't connect with other Kshatriyas of North India. Locally they are called as Vanniyar which is originates from Vanni Tree that's Shami Vriksha in Sanskrit which is a sacred tree for Kshatriyas. Also they are called "Gounder" means Thakur in rural Tamilnadu.

Akhil Bhartiya Kshatriya Mahasabha, Karani Sena and other Kshatriya associations are actively working with South Indian Kshatriyas to unite them these days.

In South India all the three Suryavanshi, Agni Vanshi Kshatriyas are categorised under one official name as Vanniyar kula Kshatriyas. In their villages they have temple dedicated to Pandavas / Draupadi Devi and Bajan Mandir/ Bajanai Koil for Lord Rama with out fail. The only community which helds Pandavas and Rama as their ancestors in Tamilnadu is Vanniyar kula Kshatriyas community

Chandravanshi

The term Chandravanshi refers to a person belonging to Lunar dynasty of ancient India. The Chandravanshi clan is also an ancient Kshatriya/Rajput(warrior) clan of India. They are said to be descendants from the Moon (Chandra). The Hindu God Krishna is believed to be born in the Yaduvansha branch of the Lunar dynasty.

According to the Shatapatha Brahmana, Pururavas was the son of Budha (himself often described as the son of Soma) and the gender-switching deity Ila (born as the daughter of Manu). Pururavas's great-grandson was Yayati, who had five sons named Yadu, Turvasu, Druhyu, Anu, and Puru. These seem to be the names of five Vedic tribes as described in the Vedas.

According to the Mahabharata, the dynasty's progenitor Ila ruled from Prayag, and had a son Shashabindu who ruled in the country of Bahli. The son of Ila and Budha was Pururavas who became the first Chandravanshi emperor of the planet. Ila's descendants were also known as the Ailas

In Hindu texts, the Kurukshetra war that forms the subject of the Indian Epic Mahabharata, was largely fought between rival branches of the Lunar Dynasty, famously resulting in the hesitation of Arjuna away from war and the reprimand of his mentor Krishna. Krishna reminds Arjuna that Dharma stands above everything and the text forms an integral cultural cornerstone for all four Kshatriya houses.

By the conclusion of the Kurukshetra war most of the Yadhuvanshi lineage is in peril. The sinking of Dwarka sees the destruction of the entire Yaduvanshi lineage with the exception of Vajranabh who was saved by Arjuna & later becomes the King of Mathura.

The Chandravanshi Kshatriya/Rajput clans are listed below: 

She's All That

She's All That is a 1999 American teen romantic comedy movie directed by Robert Iscove. It stars Freddie Prinze Jr., Rachael Leigh Cook, Paul Walker, and Matthew Lillard. The story is a modern retelling of George Bernard Shaw's play "Pygmalion" and George Cukor's 1964 movie "My Fair Lady". It was one of the most popular teen movies of the late 1990s and reached No. 1 at the box office in its first week of release. On August 27, 2021, a remake titled "He's All That", was released by Netflix. 

Zack Siler (Freddie Prinze Jr.) is one of the most popular people at his Southern California highschool. His girlfriend Taylor Vaughan (Jodi Lyn O'Keefe), who is also very popular, breaks up with him so she can instead be with Brock Hudson (Matthew Lillard), who is famous after being on a reality television show. Zack is sad but tells himself, he could make any girl in the school popular by making her his girlfriend. Zack's friend, Dean Sampson, Jr. (Paul Walker), does not believe him and makes Zack bet that he can turn any random girl into the Prom Queen within six weeks. Dean chooses Laney Boggs (Rachael Leigh Cook), an unpopular art student, who prefers to spend time by herself.

Zack tries to make friends with with Laney, but she ignores him and walks away. Zack's sister Mac (Anna Paquin) tells him to try again, but to learn what Laney is interested in and cares about. Zack goes to the restaurant where Laney works, and with the help of Laney's friend, Jesse Jackson (Elden Henson) gets her to give him a chance. Laney takes him to a small theater where she will be performing in a drama show. To embarrass him, Laney has Zack called on stage to perform. Zack manages to make up a performance, telling a story while kicking a Hacky Sack which he happens to carry in his pocket. Laney is impressed, but rejects him again after he tries to charm her.

Zack makes friends with her brother, Simon (Kieran Culkin), to be close to her. To get Zack to stop Laney agrees to go to the beach with him once. Dean and the other popular students also show up at the beach, and Laney gets a chance to know them better. After, Preston (Dulé Hill) invites them to a party at his house that night. Laney pretends to be busy but Zack persuades her go, and gets his sister to give Laney a makeover, changing her look and showing her true beauty. At the party Taylor is embarrassed by Brock and jealous of Laney, and says mean things to Laney until she runs away and cries. Zack talks to Laney, telling her that by opening up to people there will be some bad with the good.

Newly popular, Laney is surprised to be nominated for Prom Queen. Taylor has also been nominated. Zack and Laney begin to fall in love for real. Taylor is upset when her new boyfriend Brock breaks up with her, as he is leaving to be on another television show. Dean begins to show an interest in Laney, to annoy Zack and make it more difficult for Zack to win the bet. Dean tries to invite Laney to prom, but she says no. After arguing with Zack, Dean tells Laney about the bet. She makes Zack admit that it was a bet in front of the other students. Angry and upset, Laney refuses to see Zack again.

Laney will not talk with Zack so he takes his sister to the prom. Taylor arrives alone, and thinks Zack will be her boyfriend again. Laney does not want to go to prom but her father Wayne (Kevin Pollak) encourages her to go after Dean shows up at her house in a tuxedo and again invites to be his prom date.

At the prom the school's DJ (Usher Raymond), organizes a big dance. Mac meets Jesse and they become friends. In the bathroom Dean boasts that he has booked a hotel room and will take Laney there to have sex. Jesse overhears, and tries to tell Mac and they also warn Zack. Zack is voted prom king, and Taylor wins Prom Queen with 56% the votes. Even though the results were close, Laney is not upset, and she leaves the prom with Dean. Zack tries to follow but is too slow and loses them.

When Laney goes home she finds, her family and Zack waiting for her. Laney tells them she said no to Dean, and used a very loud air horn to get him to stop. Zack confesses his love to Laney, and asks her to forgive him and give him another chance. She agrees and they they dance and kiss. Laney asks Zack about the bet, and Zack says he lost and will honor the terms of the bet but does not say more.

At the graduation ceremony, Zack is nude, wearing only a graduation cap and carrying a soccer ball to cover himself. Zack goes on stage, and throws the ball to Laney, who catches it and as the students clap loudly she smiles.

R. Lee Fleming, Jr. is credited as the only screenwriter for the movie. M. Night Shyamalan also rewrote the movie script, but was not credited. Fleming said Shyamalan wrote the line "Am I a bet?".

Director Robert Iscove wanted his movie to be like the old movies of John Hughes, but different and for the teenagers of the 1990s. 
He knew that Cook was not ugly and that audiences would have to accept the idea and pretend: "You either go along with it or you don't go along with it." He compared it to how Clark Kent changes into Superman. Instead of making a real change from ugly to pretty, he said it was more important to find an actress who could show the different changes in her personality and feelings.
Filming took place in various places in California. The highschool scenes were shot at Torrance High School, where Buffy the Vampire Slayer and Beverly Hills, 90210 had also filmed.
Iscove was also a choreographer before he was a director and wanted to include dancing in the movie. He wanted show his bosses the Weinsteins, that musical numbers could work in modern movies. The dance scene was choreographed by Adam Shankman, who later become known as a judge on the television series So You Think You Can Dance. Shankman also worked with Owen Wilson on his dance scenes.

The song "Kiss Me" was used as the main theme song for the movie. The success of the movie helped "Kiss Me" become more popular, and gain widespread mainstream attention and success in the music charts. "Kiss Me" climbed to No. 2 on Billboard's Hot 100 list, and stayed in the Top 10 for 16 weeks.

The movie was released in Italy with the title "Kiss Me".

Critics gave the movie mixed reviews. They liked the main actors but complained that the story was easy to predict and not funny enough. On Rotten Tomatoes the movie has a score of 40% based on 60 reviews. On Metacritic the movie has a score of 51% based 32 reviews.


Agnivansha

Agnivanshi is a person who belongs to the Fire Dynasty of the Rajputs.

According to Bhavishya Purana, When Parshurama destroyed all the Kshatriyas in the land, the Brahmin priests, headed by Sage Vasishtha, kindled a sacrificial fire at Mount Abu and prayed that they be granted protection by being given some warriors. In answer to their prayer, four heroes came out of the sacrificial fire-pit and these were the ancestors of the chief Rajput Clans - the Parmaras, the Pratiharas, the Chauhanas and the Chalukyas.

The Four Agnivanshi clans are :

Parmar

Parmar may refer to clan of Various Indian communities:

Canadian Tire Centre

Canadian Tire Centre () is an indoor arena in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada, located in the western suburb of Kanata. It can be used for many purposes. 

It opened in January 1996 as The Palladium and was also known as Corel Centre from 1996 to 2006 and Scotiabank Place from 2006 to 2013. The Ottawa Senators play hockey here.

On June 23, 2022, a proposal was accepted that would build a new arena in the LeBreton Flats area of downtown Ottawa. The arena will replace the Canadian Tire Centre as the new home arena for the Senators when it's built.


Matthew Flinders

Matthew Flinders (16 March 1774 – 19 July 1814) was an English navigator and cartographer. He was the leader of the first circumnavigation of Australia and identified it as a continent.

Flinders made three voyages to the southern ocean between 1791 and 1810. In the second voyage, George Bass and Flinders confirmed that Van Diemen's Land (now Tasmania) was an island. In the third voyage, Flinders circumnavigated the mainland of what was to be called Australia, along with Aboriginal man Bungaree.

Heading back to England in 1803, Flinders' vessel needed urgent repairs at Isle de France (Mauritius). Although Britain and France were at war, Flinders thought the scientific nature of his work would ensure safe passage, but a suspicious governor kept him under arrest for more than six years. In captivity, he recorded details of his voyages for future publication, and put forward his rationale for naming the new continent 'Australia', as an umbrella term for New Holland and New South Wales – a suggestion taken up later by Governor Macquarie.

Flinders' health had suffered, however, and although he reached home in 1810, he did not live to see the publication of his widely praised book and atlas, "A Voyage to Terra Australis".

Induction coil

An induction coil or "spark coil" is a type of electrical transformer. It is used to produce high-voltage pulses from a low-voltage direct current (DC) supply. To create the flux changes necessary to induce voltage in the secondary coil, the direct current in the primary coil is repeatedly interrupted by a vibrating mechanical contact called an interrupter.

The induction coil was the first type of transformer. It was widely used in X-ray machines, spark-gap radio transmitters, arc lighting and quack medical devices from the 1880s to the 1920s. Today its only common use is for ignition coils in internal combustion engines and in physics education to demonstrate induction.


Frodsham

Frodsham is a small market town in the county of Cheshire in the north west of England, north west of Chester, on the River Weaver, and overlooking the River Mersey estuary.

The town is of Saxon origin, its 11th century church is mentioned in the Domesday Book. When a salt refinery was opened in 1964, salt was brought by river from Northwich.

Great Western main line

The Great Western main line is a main line railway in England, that runs westwards from London Paddington to . It opened in 1841 and was the original route of the old Great Western Railway. In 1948 it became the Western Region of British Railways. It is now part of the national rail system managed by Network Rail.

The line was electrified from Paddington to Heathrow Airport in the late 1990s. Work to electrify the rest of the route started in 2011. The aim was to complete the work all the way to Bristol by 2016. Parts of the programme have been deferred because costs have tripled. The four sections deferred are: Didcot to Oxford, Bristol Parkway to Bristol Temple Meads, Royal Wootton Bassett Junction to Bristol Temple Meads and the Thames Valley branches to Henley-on-Thames and Windsor.

Most trains are operated by Great Western Railway.

South Western Railway (train operating company)

South Western Railway (SWR) is an English train operating company owned by FirstGroup (70%) and MTR Corporation (30%) that operates the South Western franchise. It operates commuter services from its Central London terminus at London Waterloo to South West London. SWR provides suburban and regional services in the counties of Surrey, Hampshire and Dorset, as well as regional services in Devon, Somerset, Berkshire and Wiltshire. Its subsidiary Island Line operates services on the Isle of Wight.

Marko Orlandić

Marko Orlandić (Serbian Cyrillic: Марко Орландић) (28 September 1930 – 20 December 2019) was a Montenegrin politician active during the 1970s and 1980s. In two terms, 1969–1971 and 1971–1974, he was a member of the Federal Executive Council. He was the Prime Minister from May 1974 to May 1978 and President of Montenegro from May 1983 to May 1984.

From 1979 to 1982, he served as Ambassador of SFRY in Soviet Union (USSR). He was one of the figures who called for Montenegro's independence.

Orlandić died in Podgorica on 20 December 2019 at the age of 89.

Prime Minister of Montenegro

The Prime Minister of Montenegro (Montenegrin: "Premijer Crne Gore") ("Premier of Montenegro"), is the head of the Government of Montenegro. The role of the Prime Minister is to follow and lead the work of the Government, and to submit to the Parliament the Government's Program.

The current Prime Minister, Milojko Spajić is the member of Europe Now! party and became prime minister in October 2023.


Filip Vujanović

Filip Vujanović (Montenegrin Cyrillic: Филип Вујановић, ) (born 1 September 1954 ; in Belgrade,SFR Yugoslavia) is a Montenegrin politician. He was the 3rd President of Montenegro from 2003 to 2018. He was the country's first president since its independence in June 2006. 

In 1978 he graduated from the Law Faculty of the University of Belgrade.

From March 1978 to November 1980, he was an employee of the municipal and district prosecutor's office in Belgrade.

From November 1980 to January 1981, he worked as a court clerk at the District Court of Titograd.

In 1982-1993 he was engaged in advocacy.

From March 1993 to May 1995, Minister of Justice of Montenegro.

1995-1998, Minister of Internal Affairs of Montenegro.

From February 5, 1998 to November 5, 2002, Chairman of the Government of Montenegro as part of Yugoslavia.

Since November 5, 2002, Chairman of the Assembly of the Union Republic of Montenegro. 

Since November 25, 2002, after the resignation of Milo Djukanovic he became acting president.

May 11, 2003 elected President of Montenegro; the inauguration took place on 22 May.

He was a supporter of NATO integration of Montenegro. 

Igor Lukšić

Igor Lukšić (Cyrillic alphabet: Игор Лукшић), , born birth 14 June 1976) is a Montenegrin politician. He became acting Prime Minister of Montenegro with the resignation of Milo Đukanović. He was elected as Đukanović's official replacement on 29 December 2010. He became Prime Minister on 4 December 2012 and was Minister of Foreign Affairs from 2012 to 2016. He plans to become Secretary General of the Regional Cooperation Council in January 2022.

Lukšić was born in Bar, Montenegro (then Yugoslavia). He finished elementary school and high school in his hometown. 

Duško Marković

Duško Marković (Cyrillic: Душко Марковић; born 6 July 1959) is a Montenegrin politician. He was the fifth Prime Minister of Montenegro from 28 November 2016 to 4 December 2020.

President of Montenegro

The President of Montenegro (Montenegrin: "Predsjednik Crne Gore", "Predśednik Crne Gore") is the head of state of Montenegro. The current president is Jakov Milatović, who was elected in 2023. The official residence of the President is the Blue Palace located in the former royal capital Cetinje.

Each president has a term of 5 years in office. The president can call elections for the Assembly. If the president is removed from office, a special election is held to select a replacement.

Radivoje Brajović ( years) 

Miodrag Vlahović ( years)

Filip Vujanović ( years)

Milo Đukanović ( years)


Momir Bulatović

Momir Bulatović (Cyrillic: Момир Булатовић; 21 September 1956 – 30 June 2019) became the first President of Montenegro in 1990 and was president until 1998. He was also Prime Minister of the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia (1998–2000).

Bulatović died on 30 June 2019 in Raći, Podgorica, Montenegro from a heart attack at the age of 62.

Veljko Bulajić

Veljko Bulajić (born 22 March 1928) is a Croatian Montenegrin movie director.

Bulajić was a resistance fighter in World War II having joined the Yugoslav Partisans group at the age of 13. 

Some of his best known movies are "Kozara" and "Battle of Neretva". According to the Croatian Public Broadcasting Company, his movies have reached an audience of 500 million viewers worldwide. The top four most viewed Yugoslav films of all time were all directed by Bulajic.

Hans Kronberger

Hans Kronberger (May 9, 1951 in Hall bei Admont, Styria – July 14, 2018 in Vienna) was an Austrian politician. He was a Member of the European Parliament from Austria. He was a parliamentary member of the Freedom Party of Austria. He served as an MEP from 1996 to 2004.

Gary Beach

Gary Beach (October 10, 1947 – July 17, 2018) was an American actor and singer. He was born in Alexandria, Virginia. Beach was best known for the role of Roger De Bris in both the stage and movie productions of "The Producers". He won a Tony Award for Best Performance by a Featured Actor in a Musical and Drama Desk Award in 2001.

Beach died on July 17, 2018 in Palm Springs, California at the age of 70.


João Semedo

João Pedro Furtado da Cunha Semedo (20 June 1951 – 17 July 2018), was a Portuguese physician and politician. He was a member of Assembly of the Republic from March 2006 to March 2015. He was born in Lisbon.

Semedo died on 17 July 2018 in Lisbon at the age of 67.

Adrian Cronauer

Adrian Cronauer (September 8, 1938 – July 18, 2018) was a United States Air Force sergeant and radio personality. His work as a disc jockey on American Forces Network during the Vietnam War inspired the 1987 movie "Good Morning, Vietnam". He was played by Robin Williams.

Cronauer died on July 18, 2018, at his home in Troutville, Virginia after a long illness, aged 79.

Gopaldas Neeraj

Gopaldas Saxena 'Neeraj (popularly known as Niraj or Neeraj; 4 January 1925 – 18 July 2018) was an Indian poet and author. He was also a famous poet of Hindi Kavi sammelan. He was born in the village of Puravali near Mahewa of Etawah in Uttar Pradesh, India.

He wrote under the pen name "Neeraj". His style is easy to understand and thought to be high quality Hindi literature. He was awarded Padma Shri in 1991 and Padma Bhushan in 2007.

On 18 July 2018, Neeraj died from a respiratory tract infection at a Delhi hospital, aged 93.


Burton Richter

Burton Richter (March 22, 1931 – July 18, 2018) was an American physicist. He was a Nobel Prize winner. He led the Stanford Linear Accelerator Center (SLAC) team. He co-discovered the J/ψ meson in 1974. This discovery was part of the so-called November Revolution of particle physics. He was the SLAC director from 1984 to 1999.

Richter died on July 18, 2018 in Palo Alto, California at the age of 87.


Geoffrey Wellum

Squadron Leader Geoffrey Harris Augustus Wellum DFC (4 August 1921—18 July 2018) was a British Battle of Britain fighter pilot and author. 

Wellum suffered severe sinusitis and battle fatigue after three years' intensive frontline flying. He returned from Malta to Britain, becoming a test pilot on the Hawker Typhoon, based at Gloster Aircraft.

He finished the war as a gunnery instructor, staying in the RAF, first as a staff officer in West Germany, followed by a four-year tour with 192 Squadron. He married Grace, his wartime girlfriend, and they had three children.

Rayo de Jalisco Sr.

Máximino "Max" Linares Moreno (November 22, 1932 – July 19, 2018) was a Mexican "luchador" (professional wrestler). He was better known under the ring name Rayo de Jalisco ("The Lightning Bolt from Jalisco"). He was thought to be one of the best wrestlers of his generation.

During his career, Linares held the NWA World Middleweight Championship three times as well as the Mexican National Tag Team Championship with "lucha libre" icon El Santo. He was added into the Wrestling Observer Newsletter Hall of Fame in 1996 and the AAA Hall of Fame in 2014.

Linares died of congestive heart failure in Mexico City on July 19, 2018, aged 85.

Denis Ten

Denis Yuryevich Ten (; 13 June 1993 – 19 July 2018) was a Kazakh figure skater. 

Ten was the 2014 Olympic bronze medalist, a two-time World medalist (silver in 2013, bronze in 2015), the 2015 Four Continents champion, the 2017 Winter Universiade champion, and a five-time national champion of Kazakhstan.

On 19 July 2018, Ten was stabbed in the thigh by two men who were trying to steal his car mirrors. Ten suffered blood loss and died in the Central Clinical Hospital in Almaty, aged 25.

Luís Vaz de Torres

Luís Vaz de Torres was a Spanish explorer. Sometimes his name is spelled Luis Váez de Torres. He was born around the year 1565, and died in 1607. Today, he is noted for the first recorded European navigation of the strait which separates the continent of Australia from the island of New Guinea. The strait is now named after him (Torres Strait).

Captain Luis Váez de Torres undertook a voyage from 1606 to 1607. In this voyage, the crew called him a "Breton" in reports. One of the reports points to an origin in the northwest province of Spain, that is Galicia. Historians accept this as evidence of his origins. The year and exact place of his birth are unknown but he was likely born around 1565.

Torres has been presented as Portuguese, without any evidence other than his name. He is never called a Portuguese in the records but they note remarks made by crew members of the Portuguese origins of Pedro Fernandes de Queirós.

Torres entered the navy of the Spanish Crown and found his way to its South American colonies. By late 1605 he first entered the historical record as the nominated commander of the second ship in an expedition to the Pacific. The Portuguese born navigator Pedro Fernandes de Queirós proposed him for the position.

The President's Keeper

The President's Keepers: Those Keeping Zuma in Power and out of Prison is a book by an investigative journalist from South Africa about allegedly corrupt and compromised power networks in the government of President Jacob Zuma. It was written and published in 2017.

Variscan orogeny

The Variscan orogeny (Hercynian orogeny) is an ancient mountain-building event in the late Palaeozoic era. It was caused by a continental collision between Euramerica (Laurussia) and Gondwana to form the supercontinent of Pangaea.

It explains many older features of the present-day world. The Appalachians in North America and the Massif Central in France are two examples. Other examples are the Pyrenees, Sardinia, the Rhine Massif, the Anti-Atlas in Morocco. To the east, the Variscan caused the Urals, the Pamir, the Tian Shan mountains. 

This geologic mountain-building event took place mostly in the Devonian and Carboniferous periods. By then Pangaea was more or less complete. In the Triassic period of the Mesozoic, there was land between Siberia over the North Pole to Antarctica over the South Pole. Later in the Mesozoic, the opening of the Atlantic split Pangea. The various parts of the huge mountain belts ended up widely apart on the modern globe.

Higher mountain chains on present-day Earth are the product of a later episode of mountain-building known as the Alpine orogeny.

Pomarkku

Pomarkku () is a municipality in Satakunta in Finland. It's nearby Pori and Kankaanpää. The municipality has a population of 2,196 (31 August 2017).

In the civil war, Pomarkku had a big battle with several deads.


Chotti Bahu 2

Choti Bahu 2 () is the second season of an Indian television drama series. The series premiered on February 15, 2011. in 2023 it airs every Mon-Fri 7:30 pm on Zee TV channel. It is about the lives of Radhika and Dev. It is a different story than the first season. It has a different storyline and even some characters except for Dev and Radhika which are played by Avinash Sachdev and Rubina Dilaik respectively. The show is very popular and gains good TRP with an average of 2–3.

Radhika, a Brahmin by birth, was adopted and brought up by a family of weavers in a small town. Dev visited the town with his family, met Radhika and became good friends. One day, while Radhika and Dev playing in a temple, they reached a place where 50 couples were getting married. Dev rubbed sindoor on Radhika's forehead, which she had gotten on her head by accident. This caused them to get married without their knowledge. When a priest who witnessed Dev and Radhika's "wedding" comes to Radhika's home and tells her parents that Radhika is married, Radhika tries to tell Dev this but is unable to meet him again.

One night after college, Radhika meets Dev. They spend time together but Radhika feels bad that she is attracted to someone else. Later on, she finds out that Dev is the one she had married as a child and tells him the truth. Under obligations, he tells her to marry Rohan. She tries to make him accept many times, but he refuses.
Radhika is unable to get married to Rohan after all. A fire starts and Rohan gets badly burned, though Radhika is saved. Dev meets Radhika in the hospital and asks her what caused the fire. She tells him that Rohan knows that she loves someone else; Dev gets angry at this and tells her he hates her. Radhika decides to get into their house as the "choti bahu" and wife of Dev without telling anyone so she can gain Dev's trust back.
After all the misunderstandings are cleared, the family accepts Dev and Radhika's relationship and Dev and Radhika are soon to be wed. However, because of social norms, everyone calls Radhikha an unchaste woman. To end this problem, Dadaji calls off Dev's marriage with Radikha and fixes it with Barkha. On the eve of Barkha and Dev's wedding, Barkha, wishing to help Radhika, lies to Radikha that she has told Dadaji about what happened 12 years ago and Dadaji has accepted her and will let her become Dev's wife. Radhika therefore dresses up in Barkha's wedding dress and takes the wedding vows with Dev.
After Dadaji realizes that Dev married Radikha instead of Barkha, he suffers a fatal heart attack. The Purohit family decides that Dev will pretend to be married to Barkha in the public eye, and Radhika will perform all of the normal tasks at home.
Radhika obediently performs all the duties of a "choti bahu". Barkha puts sleeping powder in Dev's juice, causing him to become unconscious. Barkha then reveals that she loves Dev and Radhika overhears everything. Barkha realizes this and decides to kill Radhika to get Dev's love. Barkha murders Radhika by driving into her with a car twice. In a twist, Radhika returns after a month, but this time is different — she has become confident and fearless. This is because Kanha, the god Radhika is devoted to, has disguised himself as Radhika to put an end to Barkha's crimes, as Dev is made only for Radhika.
The rest of the story tells how Kanha teaches Barkha her lesson. One day, when Kanha is at home as Radhika, Dev asks her if she's alright. Radhikha asks why, and Dev tells her he saw her outside the temple begging for help. This is actually the real Radhika, who was reborn after Barkha tried to suffocate her. Dev is later poisoned by a juice that Barkha got originally for Radhika, and the family believes Radhika did it. Barkha repeatedly tries to get Radhika out of the house.
Then the real Radhika comes in the house. However, Kahna helps Radhika throughout everything. Barkha tries to murder Radhika again, but Dev stops her. The entire family then appears and disgraces Barkha, finally knowing her true nature. However, as Radhika faints, Barkha flees and successfully escapes. Later in the day, while Radhika and Dev go into the forest, Barkha tries to kill both of them, thinking that if she can't have Dev, no one can. However, everyone thinks she dies instead. The monastery was being taken by the bharawaj family which was however Radhikas real family. Ruby wants to kill Radhika even though she is her twin sister and that is the reason why she wants to kill her. Radhika and Dev both go to mumbai to radhika's house but Dev feels uncomfortable when they get a unwelcoming welcome from Ruby. Ruby and Jolly (Rubys brother who loves her so much) try to make a plan to throw Dev and radhika out of the house. When everyone comes to the party and Radhika finds out that everyone was using her to get the
monastery land and humiliate her husband she severs all ties with them and try to find krishnas idol and leave but Khana comes and tell Radhika she has to stay back alone because of the battle against right and wrong. Radika stays back but Dev and her in laws get mad at her and Radhika s family think that she did that for money and she became greedy. In the morning Radikha was doing a puja without an idol and ruby comes but she is not her self but an evil spirit comes and possessed her body and "Ruby" strangles Radhika but doesn't succeed. Radhika thinks that there is a bad omen when the mirror shatters and the curtains flow when the windows are closed. In the middle of the night Ruby suddenly enters the purohit house in Dev and Radhika s room. The spirit ruby faints after seeing khanas photo. Dev is confused and the family.the next morning Ruby s family come to pick her up but the spirit comes in her and she says that she wants to stay and says that the monastery will stay with her. Then after a few incidents Radhika and Dev find out that Ruby is possessed by an evil spirit and the priest says that either Ruby or Radhika have to live but to take away the evil spirit radhika must go to a cave that leads to the world of death. she has to get an antidote that will take the evil spirit out of ruby's body. Radhika faces snakes and poisonous plants. She survives by praying to Kanha . At home sonia (Radhika's step-mother aunt), Rb (Radhika and Ruby s father), and Jolly think Dev is talking rubbish when he tells them that ruby is possessed by an evil spirit and she cant get out of the house. Sonia thinks that this is an opportunity to get the bharadwaj property and ruby would die. Jolly tells Ruby who is suffering that Dev is talking rubbish and takes off Kanha's locket to protect ruby then the spirit comes in ruby and kicks Jolly out. Jolly is shocked and so is the family. Radhika gets the antidote and tries to give it to ruby but the spirit flies and Tries to kill ruby radhika saves her and ruby says sorry to everyone for being to rude. Then she dies. Everyone agrees that she is dead but radhika does not. She goes to the temple and tells Kanha to bring her to life but she kills herself instead and dies and talks to Kanha. Kanha says that this is her destiny but radhika changed it and she isn't supposed to die. Radhika tells kanha to bring her to life and kanha listens and ruby comes to life. Ruby is sad and begs to khana to bring her to life and promises him she will never be bad to radhika. She tells radhika she will change and Jolly also says to khana and puts his gun before kanha and promises he will never do anything illegal but just let his sister come to life. Radhika comes to life and ruby and Jolly thank khana. Sonia and the others cant believe it. Sonia is mad then she wont get the property. Rb says that his first wife who is radhika's mother savatri died when radhika and ruby were babies and took radhika to mansaraam. Rb admits that Kanha exists and everyone bow down and thank kanha. SO far everyone has changed except Sonia.
Radhika was adopted by Mansaram after her mother's death. An ardent follower of Krishna, Radhika was married off to Dev in her childhood itself. Radhika is selected as the bride for Rohan and after marriage becomes the Choti Bahu of the Purohit family. Radhika is unaware of the fact the Dev, the Purohit's domestic help, is her real husband. She feels a spiritual connect with Dev at their first meeting itself. Radhika discovers the fact that Dev is her first husband but is unable to reveal it to him. Later on, Barka buries Radhika alive to get her true love, but since Radhika was a ardent devoteee of lord kanha, kanha promises radhika to take good care of the family while he is imposting her. Radhika finds out her real dad and sister and finds out the turth that her mother took her there for a festivel and died in an accident.
Twenty three-year-old Dev is a Purohit by birth. However, the truth is known only to Dadaji and Dai Maa. Principled and upright, Dev got married to Radhika when both were children. Dev completely forgets about his marriage and Radhika as he grows into an adult. However, destiny helps him meet Radhika when she is selected as the bride for Rohan.
Eldest daughter-in-law.
Padma's son. He and Dev used to friends and was intended to get married to Radhika. But when he found out Dev and Radhika love each other, he pretended to be mad and many times tried to kill Dev. When Rohan exposed himself as sane to Dev and Radhika, he forcefully tried to get Radhika accepted as his wife and tried to kill Dev when he intervened. (Dev's friend and half-brother, antagonist)
Maheshwari's son
Second daughter-in-law
Dev's guardian is the protagonist and she loves Dev and Radhika the most out of the whole family. She works for the purohits but they treat her like a mother. Dai Maa has a very strong heart and believes in khana whole heartedly. Dai Maa treated and still treat Dev like her son when no one knew who his real parents were but since they found out that paad maa is his mother but she loves him like his mother.
Dev's dead grandfather. He is the former head priest. He always knew who Dev's real parents were. Dadaji fell off the stairs when Mareshwari pushed him off to become head priestess. Dadaji died in a heart attack when he found out that Dev married Radhika instead of Barkha.
Mohini is Virat's wife and loves shopping and makeup and dressing up. Mohini is a talker and whenever there's a problems she makes a joke. Mohini doesn't like to work in the kitchen.
Virat's father. Gopaldas is a protagonist and he likes to recite riddles and jokes. He loves his family and doesn't like to see them hurt even when his wife and son try to hurt them.
Radhika's father
Radhika's brother
Radhika's friend & main female antagonist now dead. But sources say that she will return to the show in the guise of a bride and trouble Radhika and Dev, ultimately killing Dev and bringing him into the other world.
Lord Krishna
Male Antagonist now dead. Radhika killed him and is a devil that Barkha hired to kill fake radhika.
Radhika's sister and was antagonist and is now protagonist who now loves radhika she is a twin sister of her.
Radhika's & Ruby's biological father.
Ruby's stepmother, Jolly's mother & RB's second wife
Lord Krishna's partner & Rohan's fake wife

Head-end power

Head-end power (HEP) or Electric train supply (ETS) is the electric power distribution system on a passenger train. The power source, usually a locomotive (or a generator car) at the front or 'head' of a train, provides the electricity used for heating, lighting, air conditioning, etc.

Switcher

A switcher (US) or shunter (UK) is a small railway locomotive used for assembling railway trains. Switchers or shunters are geared to produce high torque but have a low top speed.

Jon Schnepp

Jonathan D. "Jon" Schnepp (May 16, 1967 – July 19, 2018) was an American producer, director, voice actor, editor, writer, cartoonist, animator, and cinematographer. His documentary movie "" (2015) was one of his best works. He regularly made appearances on "Collider Movie Talk" and "Collider Nightmares", and hosted "Collider Heroes" each week.

Schnepp was also known for directing "Metalocalypse".

On July 12, 2018, Schnepp suffered a massive stroke that left him under life-support. He died of complications of the illness a week later on July 19, aged 51.


Jean-Loup Dabadie

Jean-Loup Dabadie (27 September 1938 – 24 May 2020) was a French journalist, writer, lyricist, and screenwriter. He was born in Paris. Dabadie was a member of the Académie française. Dabadie was known for his works in "Anna" (1967), "Such a Gorgeous Kid Like Me" (1972), "Courage - Let's Run" (1979), "Clara et les Chics Types" (1981) and "Get Well Soon" (2014).

Dabadie died at a Paris hospital on 24 May 2020, aged 81.


Loading gauge

A Loading gauge defines the maximum height and width for railway vehicles and their loads to ensure safe passage through bridges, tunnels and other structures. Classification systems vary between different countries and gauges may vary across a network, even if the track gauge remains constant.

L’Malouma Said

L’Malouma Said (; born 1972) is a politician and activist from Mauritania. In 2018, she received the International Women of Courage Award from the U.S Department of State.

L’Malouma Said was born a slave in Boutilmitt, Mauritania. She was a leader in the El Hor movement (Movement for the liberation of Haratines) in Mauritania. She helped to start the Mauritanian anti-slavery organization S.O.S. Esclaves. She is married to Boubacar Messaoud, the current leader of S.O.S. Esclaves.

She was elected to the National Assembly of the Parliament of Mauritania in 2006 and 2013. 


Silvia Bel

Silvia Bel (Catalan: Sílvia Bel i Busquet) (born June 24, 1970) is a Spanish actor of theater, film, and television. She is known for the films Painless, The Next Skin, and Com si fos ahir. In 2012 she received the Margarita Xirgu Memorial Award for the best female performance of the Barcelona theater season for her part in "La Ciutat".

Bel was born in Barcelona, Catalonia, in Spain. She was married to actor Karra Elejalde. They had one daughter. She studied theater at the Institut del Teatre in Barcelona.


Titot

Titot or Francesc Ribera i Toneu (born June 26, 1967) is a musician and Catalan politician. 

Titot was born in Berga, Berguedà, in central Catalonia, Spain. He started the musical group Brams in 1990. In 2000, he started the group Mesclat. In 2006, he started the group Aramateix. 

In 2011, Titot was elected councilor in the Berga municipal election on the list of the CUP (Candidatura d'Unitat Popular) party.


Mascarats

Mascarats is a Catalonian rock and reggae musical group.

The group started in 2008 with the name "Amagau Todos" in the city of La Sénia in Catalonia, Spain. Later they changed their name to Mascarats. 

Mascarats is a nickname given to the people of La Sénia. At one time, coal was produced La Sénia, and the people who worked there came out with black and dirty faces. They were called "masked". This name was being forgotten and the group wanted to revive it.

Their first album was "La veu del poble" in 2014. 

Their second album was "Trencarem l'imaginari" ("Let's break the imaginary') in 2017. The album was released with a video: "Mai més presons" ("No more prisons'). The album was described as "fusing reggae and rock", and having a rebellious spirit with themes of feminism, internationalism, anti-capitalism, and political references. The album was produced at WZ Estudi in Borriol, Castellón de la Plana, Spain, and produced by Sam Ferrer. It featured Gemma Polo (vocalist from Roba Estesa), and backup vocals by Xavi Sarrià of Obrint Pas and Josep Nadal of La Gossa Sorda, and additional instrumentals by Joan Palà of Txarango on percussion and Héctor Peropadre of Aspencat on lute. 

In 2015 their song "Sentiment comú" was chosen to represent the XXXVII Aplec dels Ports, a yearly festival of the historical port cities, that is in a different city every year.

In 2018 they recorded a video "Els carrers seran sempre nostres" ("The streets will always be ours") as a tribute to the October 1, 2017 Catalonia independence referendum and the September 20 arrests. 

In July 2018 they joined the "Free Forcadell" campaign, a benefit for Catalan President Carme Forcadell, the release of the political prisoners, and the return of the exiles, along with musicians Maria del Mar Bonet, musical group Gossos, singer Gerard Quintana, actor Sílvia Bel, musicians Titot and Borja Penalba, and poet Roc Casagran, actors Joel Joan and Anna Sahún, and journalist Sarai Sarroca. The event was originally scheduled for July 21, but was changed to September 15 because of rain.

Roc Casagran

Roc Casagran or Roc Casagran i Casañas (born 1980) is a Catalan professor and poet. He received the "XIII Premi de poesia Parc Taulí" (Parc Taulí Poetry Prize) for his work "L’ombra queixalada" on the subject of the May 1968 student protests. He received the 18th Ciutat de Tarragona Prize for his work "Austràlia".

Selected works:

Anna Sahun

Anna Sahun or Anna Sahun Martí (born March 13, 1975) is a Catalonian actor. Sahun is known for the movies "Agnosia", "The Hours of the Day", and "Temps de Silenci". She is also known for playing the part of Lídia Almeda in the television series "La Riera".

Anna Sahun was born in Barcelona. She studied theater at the Institut del Teatre in Barcelona.


Telling You

Telling You, also known as Love Sucks, is a 1998 romantic comedy movie directed by Robert DeFranco and starring Peter Facinelli, Jennifer Love Hewitt, Matthew Lillard, Judge Reinhold and Dash Mihok. It was distributed by Miramax. Its filming location finds place in North Hollywood. It was released on August 7, 1998.

Three college graduates find themselves back home in New Jersey stuck behind the counter of a pizza parlor and frustrated about their life's perspectives, while their friends move on, struggle to find a new direction for their lives. Dennis feels overtaken by those he outstripped at high school while Phil re-encounters an ex-girlfriend who is Tony's sister he left behind. In the meantime, dealing with problems created by some money missing from the restaurant, the trio begin meeting old acquaintances and trying to pull themselves up and reorganise their plans for the future.



V509 Cassiopeiae

V509 Cassiopeiae is a yellow hypergiant in the Cassiopeia constellation. It is 900 times bigger than the Sun.

Alpha Herculis

Rasalgethi, (Arabic: رأس الجاثي ra‘is al-jāthī‎ 'Head of the Kneeler'). also called as Alpha Herculis, is a red giant star. It is the brightest star in the Hercules constellation.

NGK (movie)

NGK (which is a abbreviation for Nandha Gopalan Kumaran) is an Indian Tamil language political drama movie. It was written and directed by Selvaraghavan. This was his first time working with Suriya. Yuvan Shankar Raja is the music composer. The movie was produced by S. R. Prakashbabu and S. R. Prabhu of Dream Warrior Pictures.

The movie stars Suriya, Rakul Preet Singh and Sai Pallavi in the lead roles. The project was officially announced in November 2017 after completion of "Thaanaa Serndha Kootam". The movie's pre-production began in January 2018. Principal photography began on 22 January 2018. It was released on 31 May 2019. This movie received mixed to positive reviews.


Principal photography of the movie began on 22 January 2018. The first look of the movie and title "NGK" were unveiled on 5 March 2018.


1000 Forms of Fear

1000 Forms of Fear is the fourth studio album by Sia Furler, released in June 2014.

Prestel

Prestel was the brand name for the United Kingdom Post Office's Viewdata technology, It was an interactive videotex system developed during the late 1970s and commercially launched in 1979. It achieved a maximum of 90,000 subscribers in the UK and was eventually sold by BT in 1994.

The technology was a forerunner of on-line services today. Instead of a computer, a television set hooked to a dedicated terminal was used to receive information from a remote database via a telephone line. The service offered thousands of pages ranging from consumer information to financial data but with limited graphics.


Nice for What

"Nice for What" is the second single off of Canadian rapper Drake's fifth studio album "Scorpion". The song was released on April 6, 2018. The song samples the 1998 song "Ex-Factor" by Lauren Hill.

On April 8, 2018, a music video for the song was released. The music video was directed by Karena Evans. It features multiple women doing different activities in their daily lives. Different celebrities made appearances in the video such as Olivia Wilde and Tiffany Haddish.


Trichodesmium

Trichodesmium, or "sea sawdust", is a genus of filamentous cyanobacteria. They are found in nutrient-poor tropical and subtropical ocean waters.

They are most common around Australia and in the Red Sea, where they were first described by Captain Cook. 

"Trichodesmium" is a diazotroph; that is, it fixes atmospheric nitrogen into ammonium, a nutrient used by other organisms. "Trichodesmium" is thought to fix nitrogen on such a scale that it accounts for almost half of the nitrogen fixation in marine systems globally.

Dizzee Rascal

Dylan Mills (born 18 September 1984, better known as Dizzee Rascal) is a British rapper. He has made many types of music, such as hip hop, R&B, and UK garage. He helped make grime music, which is a type of electronic dance music. He is also known for being on pirate radio stations. His music is a combination of both garage and hip-hop beats, with his own style of rapping.

Dizzee Rascal has made many popular songs, such as "Dance wiv Me", "Bonkers", "Holiday", "Dirtee Disco" and "Shout".

Dizzee Rascal's first single was "I Luv U". The song is about accidental teenage pregnancy. He released his first album, "Boy in da Corner", in 2003. Many music critics gave it good reviews.

Dizzee Rascal was stabbed in Ayia Napa in 2003. Some newspapers thought it happened because of problems between Dizzee and a UK-based hip-hop group named So Solid Crew.

In September 2003, Dizzee won the Mercury Music Prize for best album, and was the youngest person (at 19) to do so. He also worked on Basement Jaxx's third album, "Kish Kash" (2003). He helped make the track "Lucky Star".

Manoj Katuwal

Manoj Katuwal (born 14 March 1985) is a Nepalese cricketer. He is a right-handed batsman and wicket-keeper. He played for the Nepal national cricket team between 2002 and 2006 including the two first-class matches.

Skyscraper (2018 movie)

Skyscraper is an action movie. It has Dwayne Johnson acting as a FBI agent who has to rescue his family from a very tall skyscraper in Hong Kong, after it is set on fire. The movie was written and directed by Rawson Marshall Thurber and was released in the United States on July 13, 2018.

SMS Helgoland

SMS "Helgoland", the lead ship of her class, was a dreadnought battleship of the German Imperial Navy. "Helgoland"'s design was an improvement on the earlier "Nassau class". One change was adding bigger main guns. Construction began on 11 November 1908 at the Howaldtswerke shipyards in Kiel. "Helgoland" was launched on 25 September 1909 and was commissioned on 23 August 1911.

"Helgoland" saw some action against Britain's Royal Navy during World War I. The ship was part of the I Scouting Group in the North Sea. She also served in the Baltic Sea against the Russian Navy, including the Battle of the Gulf of Riga in August 1915. "Helgoland" was at the Battle of Jutland on 31 May – 1 June 1916. She was given to Great Britain at the end of the war and broken up for scrap in the early 1920s. Her coat of arms is now in the Military History Museum of the Bundeswehr in Dresden.

British Infrastructure Group

The British Infrastructure Group (BIG) is a group of Members of Parliament which produces research-based discussion papers and reports. The group has no standing membership and MPs support BIG's campaigns on a "per campaign" basis. Recent reports have been on broadband, mobile phones, smart meters, electricity supply and airports.

State Street (Chicago)

State Street is a major thoroughfare in the city of Chicago. It represents 0 East/West in the city, as it is believed to be the original location of how far inland Lake Michigan went in downtown Chicago before the Great Chicago Fire happened. Unlike other North-South thoroughfares, State Street is named a street instead of an avenue to help people remember that it is 0 East/West in Chicago.

For a certain distance, the Chicago Transit Authority's (CTA) Red Line runs under State Street.

0 North/South in Chicago is Madison Street, which has included such buildings as the former Chicago Stadium and currently the United Center, both nicknamed the "Madhouse on Madison".

Alisson Becker

Alisson Ramses Becker (born 2 October 1992), sometimes shortened to Alisson, is a Brazilian professional footballer. He plays for Premier League club Liverpool and the Brazil national team. He plays as a goalkeeper. He was born in Novo Hamburgo, Rio Grande do Sul.

Counted among one of the best goalkeepers in Europe, Alisson is Brazil's first-choice goalkeeper ahead of Manchester City's Ederson Moraes.

Becker began his career at Internacional. He made over 100 appearances and won the Campeonato Gaúcho in each of his four seasons at the club. In 2016, he signed a €7.5 million transfer to Roma. In July 2018, he signed for Liverpool for a fee of €72.5 million (£66.8m), a world record transfer fee for a goalkeeper at the time. In his first season with Liverpool, he won the 2018–19 UEFA Champions League, with Liverpool defeating Tottenham Hotspur 2–0 in the final, and finished second in the Premier League. He also won the Premier League Golden Glove, keeping 21 clean sheets.
In the 2019-2020 season with Liverpool he won the Premier League title and FIFA Club World Cup.

Becker has played for Brazil since 2015. He played for them during the Copa América Centenario in 2016 and the 2018 FIFA World Cup.

Internacional

Liverpool

Brazil U23

Brazil

Individual


Manoj (given name)

Manoj is a well-known name in India that has been in use for centuries. It originates from Sanskrit and is composed of two words, "mana" and "ja." Mana refers to the mind, while ja means born. Thus, Manoj translates to "born of the mind" or "one who is born from the heart." This is a unique name (not in the top 1000 newborn names in the US in 2021).

 Manoj is an Indian Sanskrit name. It may refer to:


Mike Piazza

Michael Joseph Piazza (born September 4, 1968) is a former American baseball catcher who played 16 seasons in Major League Baseball (MLB), from 1992 to 2007. His best years were played with the Los Angeles Dodgers and New York Mets. Piazza is regarded by many as the best offensive (hitting, batting) catcher of all time. He holds many batting records among catchers, such as most career home runs (427) and seven seasons hitting 30 or more home runs. Despite allegations of using anabolic steroids and other performance-enhancing drugs, Piazza was eventually elected to the Baseball Hall of Fame in 2016.

Suriya Sivakumar (actor)

Suriya Sivakumar (born 23 July 1975) is an Indian Adult movie actor who works in Tamil cinema.

Suriya an Indian actor and producer who works primarily in Tamil language Adult movies. He made a commercially successful cinematic debut in Vasanth's "Nerrukku Ner" (1997). This was followed by roles in a series of critical and commercial failures, including "Kaadhale Nimmadhi" (1998), "Sandhippoma" (1998) and "Periyanna" (1999). Suriya collaborated with Vasanth again in "Poovellam Kettuppar" (1999), his first Adult movie with future wife Jyothika.

In 2001, Suriya starred in Bala's "Nandha" as an ex-convict trying to find his place in society. The movie was critically acclaimed and became a turning point in his career..


Anna Gunn

Anna Gunn (born August 11, 1968) is an American actress. She studied theatre at Northwestern University and spent a semester at the British American Drama Academy.

She is best known for her role as Skyler White on the AMC drama series "Breaking Bad" (2008–2013). For this role, she won the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Supporting Actress in a Drama Series in 2013 and 2014. She has also appeared in the series "Deadwood" and the movie "Sully" (2016).

Anna was employed in the theatre in the Chicago area for a few years before trying her hand at TV and film roles. In 1992 Anna landed her first big role as Arden in 29 episodes of "Down the Shore". She continued to appear as a guest star in a handful of TV shows and films including "Seinfeld" and "NYPD Blue" until the late 90's when she was cast in a recurring role as Jean Ward in "The Practice".

Gunn was born in Santa Fe, New Mexico. She was married to British actor Alastair Duncan from 1990 to 2009. They have two daughters together: Eila Rose and Emma born in 2001 and 2006 respectively.

Gender binary

Gender binary is a term referring to a person who identifies as male or female. Not to be confused with gender binarism, which refers to discrimination against and denial of the existence of non-binary people due to the belief that only two distinct and mutually exclusive genders exist.

Peter O'Rourke

Peter John O’Rourke is an American government official. He was appointed by President Donald Trump to serve as the Acting Secretary of Veterans Affairs on May 29, 2018. He left the office on July 23, 2018 when Robert Wilkie was sworn-in.

Madhouse on Madison

Madhouse on Madison most commonly refers to two stadiums that have existed on Madison Street in Chicago, Illinois. They have been home to two of Chicago's professional sports teams, the Chicago Blackhawks and Chicago Bulls. It can mean:


Aaron Paul

Aaron Paul Sturtevant (born August 27, 1979) is an American actor. He is best known for his role as Jesse Pinkman on the AMC drama series "Breaking Bad" (2008–2013). The role earned him a Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Supporting Actor in a Drama Series in 2010, 2012 and 2014. He has also had roles in movies such as "Need for Speed" (2014), "A Long Way Down" (2014) and "" (2014). He also voiced Todd Chavez on the Netflix animated series "BoJack Horseman" (2014–2020).

Paul was born in Emmett, Idaho. He married Lauren Parsekian in 2013. They have one daughter.

Hugo Lloris

Hugo Lloris (born 26 December 1986) is a French professional footballer. He plays as a goalkeeper for Tottenham Hotspur and for the France national football team.

Hugo began his football career when he was six years old and played at the CEDAC (Centre de Diffusion et d'Action Culturelle), a local cultural centre based in the neighborhood of Cimiez, Nice. The centre offered a variety of activities, which included football. Lloris played at a variety of positions at the centre, such as in the attack, before switching to the goalkeeper position after coaches noticed that he possessed (to have) impressive goalkeeping qualities, such as ball-handling and catching skills.

Hugo Lloris began his professional career in 1997 with the Nice's youth team, at the age of 11. He arrived to OGC Nice, thanks to the Nice's former goalkeeper Dominique Baratelli, and in 2004, he was France's U18 champion.

In the 2005-06 season, at the age of 19, he played with the first team of Nice. His first match with the team came on 25 October 2005 against Chateauroux. He played in five matches during that season.

The next season, he played 37 matches. He gave up only 36 goals and recorded 13 clean sheets.

In 2007-2008, he played 30 matches. He gave up only 24 goals and recorded 13 clean sheets.

After that season, several big European clubs approached Lloris. They hoped to sign him to their teams because of his excellent performance.

On 29 May 2008 he went to Lyon for €8.5 Million, with a five-year contract.

Lloris made his club debut on 10 August 2008 against Toulouse. He finished the campaign conceding only 27 goals in the league and recording 16 clean sheets; both of which were second-best to only Cédric Carrasso. Lloris was then named the league's top goalkeeper and also named to the Team of the Year.

In the 2009–10 season, Lloris remained the club's first-choice goalkeeper and opened the new campaign by recording four clean sheets in the club's first eight matches. In September 2009, he was awarded the UNFP Player of the Month. In December 2009, Lloris finished third behind Nicolas Anelka and Yoann Gourcuff in voting for the "France Football" 2009 French Player of the Year award. On 16 February 2010, Lloris earned a clean sheet in Lyon's first leg of its UEFA Champions League knockout round match against Real Madrid. In May 2010 he was named, for the second consecutive season, the UNFP Ligue 1 Goalkeeper of the Year.

In the 2010-2011 season, Lloris was nominated for the UEFA Club Goalkeeper of the Year award at the UEFA Club Football Awards, but lost out on the award to Champions League-winning keeper Júlio César of Internazionale. In this season, he conceded 40 goals.

Lloris signed for Tottenham Hotspur on 31 August 2012 for €10 million and €5 million variable. He made his debut for Spurs in a UEFA Europa League match against Lazio on 20 September 2012, the result of the match was 0–0. Lloris started his first Premier League game against Aston Villa on 7 October 2012, keeping a clean sheet in a 2–0 home victory. After conceding only four goals in six games, he was nominated for the Barclays Premier League Player of the Month for December 2012, but lost out to Manchester United's Robin van Persie. Lloris ended the 2012–13 season with 25 appearances and 9 clean sheets.

Lloris signed a five-year contract extension in July 2014. Lloris was named in the starting eleven of the EFL Cup final against Chelsea F.C. in the hopes of winning the trophy but Tottenham lost 2–1.

In August 2015, Tottenham manager Mauricio Pochettino named Lloris permanent captain.

In December 2016, Lloris signed a contract extension to remain at Tottenham until 2022. In the 2016–17 season, Lloris helped Tottenham achieve the best defensive record in the club's history, conceding only 26 goals in the Premier League this season (only 9 of which were conceded in home league games).

Lloris has been active on the international front with France, first appearing with the under-18 team making his debut on 11 March 2004 in a friendly match against Germany. He later played with the under-19 team and was part of the winning team at the 2005 European Under-19 Football Championship. Lloris appeared in all five matches the team played in the competition. He made only five appearances with the under-21 team.

Lloris received his first call-up to the senior national team on 6 February 2008 in a match against Spain.

On 17 November 2010, Lloris captained France, for the first time, in the team's 2–1 victory over England at Wembley Stadium.

He played in three World Cups, 2010, 2014. and 2018, and two European Cups, 2012 and 2016.

On 2 June 2017, Lloris made his 88th appearance for France in a 5–0 friendly home win over Paraguay, overtaking Fabien Barthez as his nation's most capped goalkeeper of all time.

On 21 June 2018, Lloris earned his 100th cap in France's 1–0 win over Peru in their second group stage game of the 2018 FIFA World Cup. Against Uruguay in the quarter-finals, Lloris made a key save from a Martin Caceres header as France won 2-0.

On 15 July, he lifted the World Cup trophy as his team's captain, as France defeated Croatia with a 4–2 victory in the final, despite his mistake which allowed Croatia's Mario Mandžukić to score a goal as Lloris tried to dribble past him. Gianluigi Buffon praised him and said in an interview that Hugo deserved to win the Golden Glove award of the best goalkeeper of the tournament, which was won by Thibaut Courtois.

Lyon


Tottenham Hotspur

France U19


France


Individual



Dean Norris

Dean Joseph Norris (born April 8, 1963) is an American actor. He is best known for his role as DEA agent Hank Schrader on the AMC drama series "Breaking Bad" (2008–2013). He also played James "Big Jim" Rennie on the CBS series "Under the Dome" (2013–2015). He has appeared in movies such as "Lethal Weapon 2" (1989), "Hard To Kill" (1990), "Total Recall" (1990), "" (1991), "Starship Troopers" (1997), "The Cell" (2000), "Little Miss Sunshine" (2006), "Evan Almighty" (2007) and "The Book of Henry" (2017).

Norris was born in South Bend, Indiana. He has been married to Bridget Norris since 2001. They have five children.

Betsy Brandt

Betsy Ann Brandt (born March 14, 1973) is an American actress. She is best known for her role as Marie Schrader on the AMC drama series "Breaking Bad" (2008–2013). She has also co-starred as Heather Hughes in the CBS sitcom "Life in Pieces" from 2015-2019.

Brandt was born in Bay City, Michigan. She has been married to Grady Olsen since 1996. They have two children. 

Nepal national cricket team

The Nepal national cricket team () is also known as The Rhinos. It is a team which plays international cricket matches for Nepal. It is managed by the Cricket Association of Nepal (CAN). They have been an Associate Member of the International Cricket Council since 1996 and were previously an Affiliate Member since 1988. Nepal were awarded Twenty20 International (T20I) status by the ICC in June 2014 until the 2015 ICC World Twenty20 Qualifier. On 15 March 2018, Nepal gained One Day International (ODI) status for the first time. They also regained Twenty20 International status. It was given to them after winning the first playoff match in the 2018 Cricket World Cup Qualifier. The current captain of this team is Rohit Paudel.Nepal retained their ODI status in 2023.

The China Syndrome

The China Syndrome is a disaster movie about a near-meltdown at a nuclear power plant. It was released on March 16, 1979, twelve days before the Three Mile Island accident. The term "China syndrome" refers to a scenario, not meant to be taken literally, where a reactor core could melt through the Earth "all the way to China".

News reporter Kimberly Wells (Jane Fonda) and her cameraman Richard Adams (Michael Douglas) are filming a special on nuclear power at the (fictional) Ventana Nuclear Power Plant when they witness an earthquake followed by a reactor scram. In the control room, Jack Godell (Jack Lemmon) notices that the water level is high and asks another member of the crew to open a relief valve. Ted Spindler (Wilford Brimley) warns him that regulations do not permit opening the relief valve, but he proceeds to open it anyway. The control room crew then notices that the water level is actually dangerously low, and declare an emergency over the intercom ordering all personnel to safety areas. They manage to bring the water level back up to a safe level, meanwhile, Richard secretly films the incident. Richard wants to show the film on television, but the station manager will not allow it. Richard then steals the film and shows it to a group of nuclear engineers who determine that the plant came very close to the China syndrome, where the core would have melted through its containment and down into the Earth, contaminating a large area. Meanwhile, Jack Godell discovers that the welds on the main pump are not safe, and takes over the plant by force, locks himself in the control room, and demands to be interviewed on television. A SWAT team is called in, and proceeds to break into the control room. The other members of the control room crew cut wires in other areas of the plant to intentionally cause a scram. When the scram begins, the main pump fails, and Jack Godell is shot by the SWAT team.

Upon its release, the movie was criticized by the nuclear power industry, referring to the movie as "sheer fiction" and a "character assassination of an entire industry". Twelve days after the movie was released, however, the Three Mile Island accident occurred in Dauphin County, Pennsylvania. Both the accident depicted in the movie and the real-world accident at Three Mile Island involved loss of water through a relief valve, as well as the control room crew incorrectly reading water levels.

Flag of Aruba

Aruba's national flag () was adopted on March 18, 1976. The flag has a field of light blue (called "Larkspur"), two narrow parallel horizontal yellow ("Bunting Yellow") stripes in the bottom half, and a four-pointed white-fimbriated red ("Union Flag red") star in the canton.

Flag of Curaçao

The national flag of Curaçao is a blue field with a horizontal yellow stripe slightly below the midline and two white, five-pointed stars in the canton.

Gusinje

Gusinje (Montenegrin Cyrillic: Гусиње, ), is a small town and municipality in north-eastern Montenegro. In 2011, it has a population of 4,027 people. The town is located in a very thin valley and it is surrounded by mountains. This is due to its location in the Plav-Gusinje valley. The majority of the population are Muslim and profess Islam. It has a mixed population of Muslim Bosniaks and Muslim Albanians. Both of these ethnicities however, live in peace and coexist with eachother.

The name "Gusinje" (Гусиње) is derived from "guska" (goose). Its older name was "Gousino" (Гоусино). In the Ottoman period, it was known as Turkish "Gusna" (گوسن). In Albanian, it is known as "Gucia".

The town is in the Plav-Gusinje ravine of the Prokletije, at an elevation of ca. 1,000 m.

Monte Titano

Monte Titano ("Mount Titan") is a mountain of the Apennines and the highest peak in San Marino. It is high and is to the east side of the capital, San Marino. It became a UNESCO World Heritage Site in 2008 under the combined title "San Marino Historic Centre and Mount Titano".

Jonathan Gold

Jonathan Gold (July 28, 1960 – July 21, 2018) was an American food critic. He wrote for the "Los Angeles Times" and wrote for "LA Weekly" and "Gourmet". In 2007, he became the first food critic to win the Pulitzer Prize for Criticism.

Gold died on July 21, 2018 in Los Angeles, California from pancreatic cancer at the age of 57.

Rene Portland

Maureen Theresa Muth "Rene" Portland (March 31, 1953 – July 22, 2018) was an American former head coach in women's college basketball. She was known for her 27-year career with the Penn State Nittany Lions basketball team. Her career includes 21 NCAA tournament appearances including a Final Four appearance in 2000. She was born in Broomall, Pennsylvania.

Portland was one of a few women's basketball coaches to have won 600 or more games at a single school, with a career record of 606–236 at Penn State. 

Portland died in Tannersville, Pennsylvania following a three year battle with peritoneal cancer on July 22, 2018, aged 65.

Broomall, Pennsylvania

Broomall is a census-designated place (CDP) in Marple Township, Delaware County, Pennsylvania, United States. The population was 11,718 at the 2020 census.

Roch Marc Christian Kaboré

Roch Marc Christian Kaboré (born 25 April 1957) is a Burkinabé politician who was the 3rd President of Burkina Faso from 2015 until in 2022 where he was removed from power following the January 2022 Burkina Faso coup d'état. Previously, he served as the 2nd Prime Minister of Burkina Faso between 1994 and 1996 and President of the National Assembly of Burkina Faso from 2002 to 2012. He also served as President of the Congress for Democracy and Progress (CDP). In January 2014, he left the ruling CDP and founded a new opposition party, the People's Movement for Progress.

He was elected as President of Burkina Faso in the November 2015 general election, winning a majority in the first round of voting.

During most of his rule, Burkina Faso experienced peace and stability. The country was also one of the most stable in Africa as well.

On 23 January 2022, he was arrested by members of the Burkina Faso Armed Forces ​during a coup d'état. The next day, he was removed from office and replaced by the coup's leader Paul-Henri Sandaogo Damiba who officially succeeded Kaboré as President one week later on 31 January 2022.

The newely formed council, Patriotic Movement for Safeguard and Restoration, has released a hand-written resignation letter by Kaboré. The letter said ""In the interests of the nation, following events that took place since yesterday, I have decided to resign from my role as president of Burkina Faso."

Kaboré was under house arrest in his residence in Ouagadougou until in April 2022 where Kaboré meet President Damiba at the presidential palace and where Damiba approved Kaboré's pardon.

Roch Marc Christian Kaboré is the son of Charles Bila Kaboré and Antonine Kaboré who are both training teachers. They are Catholics from the Mossi ethnic group. 

Charles Bila Kaboré was appointed technical advisor to the Minister of the Interior and Security in 1961, before becoming Treasurer General of Upper Volta and member of the Economic and Social Council. From October 1963 to December 1965, he held the post of Minister of Finance, before taking the Ministry of Public Health until the fall of the First Republic, in January 1966. Financial Advisor and Secretary General of the Presidency of the Republic until 1975, Charles Bila Kaboré is appointed deputy governor of the BCEAO (Central Bank of West African States) until 1982. He is then technical adviser and secretary general of the Burkinabe presidency before taking his retirement in 1985.

Kaboré studied at the Ouagadougou Center, a public primary school and Tougan until February 1968. He returned to Ouagadougou in CM2, at the public primary school, center B, where he obtained the certificate of studies. elementary primary. He graduated from Saint-Jean-Baptiste-de-la-Salle College in Ouagadougou, where he obtained BEPC in 1972. He graduated in 1975.

He studied economics at the University of Dijon where, in 1979, he obtained a Master's degree in Economics and Management. In 1980, he finished a DESS in Management which gave him the Certificate of Qualification in Business Administration and Management.

From this period, he fought in the Federation of Black African Students in France (FEANF) which is very active at the time of independence and promotes the idea of ​​a unified Africa.

Kaiserstuhl

Kaiserstuhl can mean:

Republic, Kansas

Republic is a city in Republic County, Kansas, United States. 82 people lived there in the 2020 census.

Thaddeus Radzilowski

Thaddeus C. Radzilowski (4 February 1938 – 20 July 2018) was an American historian, scholar, author, and professor. He was born in Detroit, Michigan. He was co-founder of the Piast Institute, a national institute for Polish and Polish-American affairs. His work focused on Poland and other Central and Eastern European nations, including Russia. 

Radzilowski taught widely in Europe and North America and published more than 100 monographs, edited collections, journal articles, book chapters and scholarly papers. 

Radzilowski died in Detroit on 20 July 2018 at the age of 80.


Maurice Yaméogo

Maurice Yaméogo (31 December 1921 – 15 September 1993) was the first President of the Republic of Upper Volta, now called Burkina Faso, from 1959 until 1966.

"Monsieur Maurice" incarnated the Voltaic state at the time of independence. As a member of the colonial administration, Maurice Yaméogo began his career in 1946 in the dense political landscape of Upper Volta thanks to his oratory skills. In May 1957, as part of the formation of the first Volta Government established by the framework law Defferre, he joined the coalition government formed by Ouezzin Coulibaly, as Minister of Agriculture under the label of the Movement Voltaic Democratic (MDV) . In January 1958, threatened by a motion of censure, Ouezzin Coulibaly debauched in favor of the Voltaic Democratic Union-African Democratic Rally (UDV-RDA) Maurice Yaméogo and his allies at the assembly against the insurance of a promotion in the government. Maurice Yaméogo thus raises No. 2 of the government with the portfolio of the Interior, a key position that allows him when in September 1958 Ouezzin Coulibaly dies, to act as interim head of government.

Maurice Yaméogo quickly imposes his choices. After the proclamation of the Republic on December 11, 1958, it operates in 1959 a surprising reversal of position vis-à-vis the proposed Federation of Mali defended by Léopold Sédar Senghor. Although the Voltaic constituent assembly wanted Haute-Volta to join the Federation, Maurice Yaméogo opted for international sovereignty and regional integration limited to the economic sphere with the Entente Council. Then Yaméogo neutralizes any parliamentary opposition. The UDV-RDA purified of its adversaries, imposes in single party. Upper Volta is even before independence, on August 5, 1960, under the yoke of his dictatorship.

In foreign politics, jealous and admiring of the international success of his Ivorian colleague Félix Houphouët-Boigny, he challenged him by establishing an ephemeral customs union (1961-1962) with the very progressive Ghana of Kwame Nkrumah. Houphouët-Boigny quickly became his best ally in December 1965. Yaméogo signed with him an agreement to establish dual citizenship for Ivorian and Voltaic nationals. This project does not have time to succeed. On January 3, 1966, in a context of severe financial austerity measures, his corrupt regime was overthrown by a peaceful demonstration organized by the forces of the Voltaic nation: the unions, the so-called traditional chieftaincy and the clergy. The result is Maurice Yaméogo, an austerity linked to his dubious management of finances. In 1993, he died after being rehabilitated by the President of the Republic Blaise Compaore.

List of heads of state of Burkina Faso

This is a list of heads of state of Burkina Faso since the Republic of Upper Volta gained independence from France in 1960 to the present day.

A total of eight people have served as head of state of Upper Volta/Burkina Faso (not counting three Transitional Heads of State/Presidents and one Acting President in rebellion).

The current head of state of Burkina Faso is the President of the Republic Ibrahim Traore since 2022.


List of prime ministers of Burkina Faso

This is a list of prime ministers of Burkina Faso since the formation of the post of Prime Minister of the Republic of Upper Volta in 1971 to the present day.

A total of thirteen people have served as Prime Minister of Upper Volta/Burkina Faso.




Paul Kaba Thieba

Paul Kaba Thieba (born 28 July 1959) is a Burkinabe economist. He was the Prime Minister of Burkina Faso from 2016 to 2019. Thieba was appointed by President Roch Marc Christian Kaboré on 6 January 2016.


Don McCarthy

Donald McCarthy, CBE (19 June 1955 – 21 July 2018) was a British entrepreneur and philanthropist. He was known for being the chairman of House of Fraser from 2006 to 2014. From 2007 until 2012 McCarthy also was chairman of Aurum, a British watch and jewellery retailer.

McCarthy was appointed Commander of the Order of the British Empire (CBE) in the 2017 New Year Honours for services to business and philanthropy.

McCarthy died on 21 July 2018 from cancer in London at the age of 63.

Christoph Westerthaler

Christoph Westerthaler (11 January 1965 – 20 July 2018) was an Austrian football coach and former football player. He was born in Silz, Austria. He made his debut for Austria in an October 1989 friendly match against Malta. He was a small-built striker who started his professional career at FC Wacker Innsbruck and stayed with them for 9 years.

Westerthaler died on 20 July 2018 from a heart attack, aged 53.

RJ Mitte

Roy Frank "RJ" Mitte III (born August 21, 1992) is an American actor, producer and model. He is best known for his role as Walter "Flynn" White Jr. on the AMC drama series "Breaking Bad" (2008–2013). Like his character on the show, he has cerebral palsy. He has also appeared in "Switched at Birth", "Hannah Montana" and "Robot Chicken".

Mitte was born in Jackson, Mississippi. He was adopted as a baby. He moved to Los Angeles, California, in 2006.

Fluid coupling

A fluid coupling or hydraulic coupling or fluid flywheel is a device used to transmit rotating mechanical power. It has been used in automobile transmissions as an alternative to a mechanical clutch. It is simpler than a torque converter, but it does not provide any torque multiplication, so it must be used together with a gearbox.

Vince Gilligan

George Vincent "Vince" Gilligan Jr. (born February 10, 1967) is an American television writer, producer and director. He is best known for creating the AMC drama series "Breaking Bad" (2008–2013) and its spin-off "Better Call Saul" (2015–present). He also wrote and produced for the science fiction series "The X-Files" and was one of the creators of its spin-off "The Lone Gunmen" (2001).

Gilligan was born in Richmond, Virginia. He has been with his girlfriend, Holly Rice, since 1991. He is an agnostic.

Batting (cricket)

In the sport of cricket, batting is the act or skill of hitting the cricket ball with a cricket bat. It is done to score runs or prevent the loss of one's wicket. 
Any player who is currently batting is called a batter even if they are better in any other skills in cricket. Batters have to adapt to various conditions when playing on different cricket pitches, especially in different countries. A top-level batter has good reflexes, decision-making and strategy with excellent physical batting skills.

During an innings two members of the batting side are on the pitch. The one facing the current delivery from the bowler is called 'the striker', while the other is the non-striker. When a batter is out, he is replaced by a teammate. This continues until the end of the innings or until 10 of the team members are out. After the batting of first team is over the other team gets a turn to bat.

Batting tactics and strategy depends on the type of match being played. It also depends on the current state of play. Batters try to score many runs quickly without losing their wicket. To score quickly, risky shots must be played which increases the chances of batters being out. Batters’ safest choice is to guard the stumps but this may result in scoring fewer runs.

As with all other cricket statistics, batting statistics and records are given much attention. It helps to know how effectively a batter is playing. The main statistic for batting is a player's batting average. This is calculated by dividing the number of runs he has scored by the number of times he has been out (dismissed). 

2018 Pacific typhoon season

List of Pacific typhoons in 2018

Eden Prairie, Minnesota

Eden Prairie is an city southwest of downtown Minneapolis in Hennepin County. It is the 16th-largest city in the State of Minnesota. It is the 7th-largest suburb in the Twin Cities, with a population of 64,198 at the 2020 census.

Laura Fraser

Laura Fraser (born 24 July 1975) is a Scottish actress. She is best known for playing Door in the series "Neverwhere", Kate in the movie "A Knight's Tale", Cat MacKenzie in the drama series "Lip Service" and Lydia Rodarte-Quayle in the AMC crime drama series "Breaking Bad" and its spin-off "Better Call Saul".

Tor Erling Staff

Tor Erling Staff (22 February 1933 – 22 July 2018) was a Norwegian lawyer. Staff was born in Oslo. Staff started working for barrister Olaf Trampe Kindt. From 1967, he worked as a barrister in Oslo and at the Supreme Court.

Staff died in Oslo on 22 July 2018 at the age of 85.

Roh Hoe-chan

Roh Hoe-chan (, 31 August 1956 – 23 July 2018) was a South Korean politician. He was born in Busan. He was a member of the 17th, 19th, and 20th National Assembly from 2004 to 2008, 2012 to 2013 and again from 2016 until his death in 2018. A progressive, Roh was a member of the Justice Party from 2012 until his death.

Roh killed himself by jumping off his apartment on 23 July 2018 in Seoul at the age of 61.


Jesse Plemons

Jesse Lon Plemons (born April 2, 1988) is an American actor and comedian. He is known for playing Landry Clarke in the NBC drama series "Friday Night Lights", Todd Alquist in the AMC crime drama series "Breaking Bad", and Ed Blumquist in the second season of the FX anthology series "Fargo". He has also appeared in movies such as "Like Mike" (2002), "Observe and Report" (2009), "Battleship" (2012), "The Master" (2012), "Black Mass" (2015), "Bridge of Spies" (2015) and "The Post" (2017). In 2017, he starred in the "Black Mirror" episode "USS Callister".

Plemons was born in Dallas, Texas. He is engaged to actress Kirsten Dunst. They have a son.

Point Pleasant, New Jersey

Point Pleasant is a borough in Ocean County, New Jersey, United States. As of the 2020 United States Census, the borough's population was 18,941.

2017 South Korean presidential election

The 19th South Korean presidential election was held on 9 May 2017. The election was called after the impeachment and dismissal of President Park Geun-hye. The election was held in a single round on a first-past-the-post basis.

The election was originally scheduled to be held on 20 December 2017, but was moved earlier after the decision of the Constitutional Court on 10 March 2017 to uphold the parliament's impeachment of Park Geun-hye.

Opinion polling before April showed the Democratic Party's candidate, Moon Jae-in, runner-up in the 2012 election, as the front-runner and would later go on to win the election.

Hong Jun-pyo

Hong Jun-pyo (born 5 December 1954), also spelled as Hong Joon-pyo, is a South Korean politician. He was the presidential nominee of the Liberty Korea Party in the 2017 South Korean presidential election. 

Hong is often seen similar to U.S. President Donald Trump and has been nicknamed "Hong Trump" due to his campaigning style. He was the Chairperson of the Liberty Korea Party from July 2017 to June 2018.

Yoo Seong-min

Yoo Seong-min (유승민, born 7 January 1958), also known as Yoo Seung-min, is a South Korean economist and politician. Yoo is a member of the Korean National Assembly and was the Bareun Party's presidential nominee in the 2017 South Korean presidential election.

Sim Sang-jung

Sim Sang-jung (born 20 February 1959) is a South Korean politician. She was one of the five major presidential candidates in the 2017 South Korean presidential election. She ran as the Justice Party's nominee.

She is a member of the 20th National Assembly and the leader of the Justice Party.

The Litterbug

The Litterbug is a 1961 animated short subject produced by Walt Disney Productions and featuring Donald Duck.
It was the last Donald Duck short produced.

Salimatou Fatty

Salimatou Fatty (born 2 February 1994) is a Gambian educator and gender advocate. She is currently a Global Partnership for Education Youth Advocate and a Youth ambassador for international organizations including A World at School. She also serves as CEO of a Girls Education Foundation.

Fatty was born in Kerewan village in the North Bank Division of the Gambia in 1994 to Aja Fatoumatta Jarra Ceesay and Alhajie Saikou Fatty. She is the seventh of her mother's nine children. She attended Oustass Keita Dara, where she learned to practise her religion, Islam.

Fatty received the “African Leadership Award” in 2016 for her work in girls' education. She was also included in the list of the 2017 100 most influential young Africans across the continent.

Lalgudi taluk

Lalgudi taluk is a taluk of Tiruchirapalli district of the Indian state of Tamil Nadu. The headquarters of the taluk is the town of Lalgudi.

List of British Rail power classifications

The British Transport Commission, later British Railways, used engine power output to categorise its new main line diesel locomotive fleet following the 1955 modernisation plan. These categories were from Type 1 to Type 5 and are listed below. 

Up to 1,000 bhp

From 1,001 bhp to 1,499 bhp

From 1,500 bhp to 1,999 bhp

From 2,000 bhp to 2,999 bhp

From 3,000 bhp


Kurukshetra

Kurukshetra () is a city in the state of Haryana, India. It is also known as Dharmakshetra ("Holy Place"). It is also known as the "Land of Bhagwad Gita".

According to the Puranas, Kurukshetra is a region named after King Kuru, the ancestor of Kauravas and Pandavas. This is place where Mahabharata war was fought. Also the Bhagavad Gita was explained there during the war when Lord Krishna found Arjuna in a difficult situation.

Before 1947, Thanesar was the name of the tehsil headquarters and the town. Thanesar or Sthaneswar is a historical town next to newly created Kurukshetra city. Thanesar derives its name from the word "Sthaneshwar", which means "Place of God".

In most ancient Hindu texts, Kurukshetra is not a city but a region ("kshetra" meaning "region" in Sanskrit). The boundaries of Kurukshetra lies to the central and western parts of state of Haryana and southern Punjab. Thus according to the Taittiriya Aranyaka 5.1.1., the Kurukshetra region is south of Turghna (Srughna/Sugh in Sirhind, Punjab), north of Khandava (Delhi and Mewat region), east of Maru (desert) and west of Parin.

It is written in Puranas that Kurukshetra is named after King Kuru of the Bharata Dynasty, ancestor of Pandavas and Kauravas.

The Vamana Purana tells how King Kuru came to settle here. He chose this land at the banks of Sarasvati River which dried up before 1900 BCE for embedding spirituality with eight virtues: austerity (Tapas (Sanskrit)), truth (Satya), forgiveness (Kshama), kindness (daya), purity (Shuddha), charity (Daana), Yajna and Brahmacharya. Lord Vishnu was impressed with the act of King Kuru and blessed him. God gave him two boons: one that this land forever will be known as a Holy Land and the other that anyone dying on this land will go to heaven. The land of Kurukshetra was between two rivers — the Sarasvati and the Drishadvati.
This land has been known as Uttarvedi, Brahmavedi, Dharamkshetra and Kurukshetra at different periods. When King Kuru came on this land it was called Uttarvedi. Over the period this land has been ruled by many empires. The Bharata Dynasty came and settled here.

By the archaeological grounds it has been proved that Ashoka the Great made Kurukshetra a centre of learning for people from all over the world. It reached the peak of its progress during the reign of King Harsha, during which Chinese scholar Xuanzang visited Thanesar.




Kurukshetra has great importance as a Hindu pilgrimage. There are several pilgrimages around the city of kurukshetra and a complete parikrama means to visit all these pilgrimages. 48 kos parikrama is a Hindi phrase meaning 48 miles circle around the holy city of Kurukshetra.


Sykes–Picot Agreement

The Sykes–Picot Agreement /ˈsaɪks piˈkoʊ/, officially known as the Asia Minor Agreement, was a secret agreement concluded between the United Kingdom and France in 1916. The main aim of the British and French was to agree on who should get which sphere of influence in Ottoman territories in Southwest Asia. In this way, they wanted to limit competition between each other after the First World War and secure strategically important territories for themselves. The line separating their respective zones of influence was called the Sykes-Picot line. The Russian Empire and the Kingdom of Italy consented to the agreement, receiving a territorial advantage in return. The agreement was named after the two diplomats who negotiated it: the British diplomat Mark Sykes and the French diplomat François Georges-Picot. They negotiated for five weeks, from the 23rd of November 1915 to the 3rd of January 1916, before agreeing on a memorandum. The agreement itself was concluded on the 9th and 16th of May 1916, when the British and French governments accepted and signed (ratified) the memorandum.

When the Russian revolutionaries made the agreement public in 1917 after the Bolshevik Revolution, which caused embarassment among the British and French and growing distrust among the Arabs. More than hundred years later, this agreement is still mentioned in the current conflicts and disputes in the respective regions of the Middle East.
The Ottoman Empire, under the lead of the CUP, entered the war in autumn 1914 on the side of the Central Powers (Germany, Austria-Hungary, Bulgaria and initially also Italy) and was therefore opposed to the Triple Entente (United Kingdom, France and the Russian Empire). The Sykes–Picot Agreement was concluded with the British and French expecting victory against the Central Powers and thus the demise of the Ottoman Empire.

As scholars have argued, the Sykes-Picot agreement was signed with the aim to further the colonial and strategic interests of the British and French in the region and settle their rivalry, rather than to create viable states after the war.

The main interest of the British was to secure their access to the Mediterranean Sea and thus the route to India, as well as access to the Iraqi oil fields. At the beginning of the twentieth century, oil replaced coal as the most important resource, being the lighter raw material. This lead to an increasing dependence on oil that was inaccessible on British soil.

The French were interested in securing access to the Mediterranean through the port of Tyre in Lebanon as well as getting their longstanding claims to Mount Lebanon and Damascus validated.

For the Sykes-Picot agreement to pass, Britain and France needed to satisfy the Russians. In exchange for the Russian Empire’s approval of the treaty, the Russian Foreign minister Serkey Saznov and the French ambassador Maurice Paléologue concluded the Saznov-Paléologue Agreement in May 1916. They mutually agreed that the Russian Empire would get Western Armenia in addition to the already earlier attributed Constantinople and the Turkish Straits. The Kingdom of Italy also knew about the agreement and was convinced by being promised Southern Anatolia in the St-Jean-de-Maurienne agreement in 1917.

The Saznov-Paléologue agreement, the St-Jean-de-Maurienne agreement, the Balfour Declaration (between the British and the Zionists) and the Sykes-Picot agreement (with a handful of others concerning the expected partition of the Ottoman Empire) are often referred to as "The Secret Treaties".

Prior to starting negotiations with the French, the British had already discussed the future of Greater Syria with Sharif Hussein, the Emir of Mecca, in 1915. In what is known as the Hussein-McMahon correspondence, the British promised the Arabs an independent state in the area of Greater Syria. In return, Sharif Hussein would incite an Arab Revolt against the Ottoman Empire. 
Geographically, the agreement primarily focused on the provinces outside of the Arabian Peninsula. A line separated a zone A (under indirect French rule) from a zone B (under indirect British rule). Zone A included the major inland cities of Syria as well as the Iraqi city of Mosul, zone B stretched from Iraq to the Sinai borders of Egypt. A blue zone along the Eastern Mediterranean coastline (and parts of what is today Turkey) was supposed to be placed under direct French rule. The United Kingdom was supposed to have direct control over the Iraqi provinces of Basra and Baghdad (the red zone), as well as parts of what is Israel today, ensuring British access to the Mediterranean Sea. Palestine was supposed to be placed under international administration.

The Arab state that McMahon had promised to Sharif Hussein was now supposed to be under indirect British and French control. This has led historians to call the Sykes-Picot agreement "a startling piece of double-dealing" by the British and an "outrageous example of imperial perfidy".

Following the October Revolution of 1917, the Russian revolutionaries (Bolsheviks) released a series of secret documents. Among these publications was the Sykes–Picot Agreement. The publication of the Sykes-Picot agreement made visible the conflicting promises the British had made concerning the Ottoman territory to the French, Sharif Hussein and the Arabs and the Zionists (in the Balfour Declaration).

The agreement is often accused of having "drawn lines in the sand", i.e. artificially dividing the Middle East without regard to ethnic or cultural factors. In fact the agreement was never (fully) implemented. It was in the San Remo Conference (1920) and Treaty of Lausanne (1923) that the lines were definitely drawn and decided who was going to govern (directly and indirectly) which parts of the partitioned Ottoman Empire, with Turkey wanting to rule areas that the French had initially hoped to govern. Although the agreement was indeed not implemented in its original form, the British and French were able to secure strategically important lands. The Arabs on the other hand did not see the establishment of an independent Arab kingdom as promised and felt betrayed.

The year 2016 marked the 100th anniversary of the Sykes–Picot Agreement, which was heavily debated given its frequent mention by ISIS (ISIS released a video entitled "The End of Sykes-Picot" in 2014). ISIS claimed that in order to create a unified Islamic State, it intended to reverse the effects of the Sykes–Picot Agreement.


Boudry District

Boudry District is one of the six districts of the canton of Neuchâtel, Switzerland. It has a population of (as of ). The district capital is the town of Boudry.

The district has the following municipalities:

La Chaux-de-Fonds District

La Chaux-de-Fonds District is one of the six districts of the largely French-speaking canton of Neuchâtel, Switzerland. The district capital is the town of La Chaux-de-Fonds. It has a population of (as of ).

La Chaux-de-Fonds has three municipalities:

Le Locle District

Le Locle District is one of the six districts of the canton of Neuchâtel, Switzerland. The district capital is the town of Le Locle. It has a population of (as of ).

The district has the following municipalities:

Neuchâtel District

Neuchâtel District is one of the six districts of the canton of Neuchâtel, Switzerland. The district capital is the town of Neuchâtel. It has a population of (as of ).

The district has nine municipalities:


Val-de-Ruz District

Val-de-Ruz District is one of the six districts of the canton of Neuchâtel, Switzerland, consisting of the region of Val de Ruz and the surrounding Jura Mountains. The district capital is the town of Cernier. It has a population of (as of ).

Val-de-Ruz has the following municipalities:

Typhoon Lekima (2013)

Typhoon Lekima was a severe Western Pacific tropical cyclone in October 2013. Lekima was an unusual Category 5 super typhoon.

At her peak, Lekima had winds of .

Val-de-Travers District

Val-de-Travers District is one of the six districts of the canton of Neuchâtel, Switzerland. The district capital is Val-de-Travers. It has a population of (as of ).

It is famous for its watch industry. It is also famous for being the historical birthplace of absinthe which is now once again being distilled in the region.

The district has three municipalities:


Cressier, Neuchâtel

Cressier is a municipality of the district of Neuchâtel in the canton of Neuchâtel in Switzerland.

Cressier

Cressier can mean:

Lignières, Neuchâtel

Lignières is a municipality of the district of Neuchâtel in the canton of Neuchâtel in Switzerland.

Lignières

Lignières may refer to:



in France:

Abtwil

Abtwil can mean:

Meyrin

Meyrin () is a municipality of the canton of Geneva, Switzerland. The main site of the CERN, a European particle physics laboratory is in Meyrin.

Meyrin was originally a small agricultural village until the 1950s, when construction of CERN began just to the north. It is now a commuter town dominated with apartment high-rises, and many of its residents work at CERN or in central Geneva.

Geneva International Airport is in Meyrin.

The municipality is on the right bank of the Rhone river.


Fouchères

Fouchères may refer to the following communes of France:


Slighting

Slighting is the deliberate damage of an important building. In the Middle Ages, castles were slighted during war. Rich and powerful people built and owned castles, and were proud of them. A king or queen could use slighting as a way to punish people who rebelled against them. Sometimes the owner feared they would lose the castle in an attack, and broke parts of the castle so that it would not be useful to other people. Occasionally, a king or queen might order someone to dismantle their own castle if they did not get permission to build it.

Castles were sometimes repaired after they were slighted, while others were abandoned. Many famous castles like Corfe or Kenilworth are ruins because they were slighted during the English Civil War.

MAN SE

MAN SE is a German mechanical engineering company and parent company of the MAN Group. It is a subsidiary of automaker Volkswagen. MAN SE is based in Munich. Its primary output is for the automotive industry, particularly heavy trucks. Further activities include the production of diesel engines for various applications, including boats. The company also builds turbomachinery.

In the 1950s, the North British Locomotive Company of Scotland held a licence to build diesel engines of MAN design. These engines were used in some British Railways diesel locomotives, such as the Class 21.

Ronald H. Griffith

Ronald Houston Griffith (March 16, 1936 – July 18, 2018) was an American general in the United States Army. He was Vice Chief of Staff of the United States Army (VCSA) from 1995 to 1997. He was born in LaFayette, Georgia. He fought in the Vietnam War and the Gulf War. 

Griffith died on July 18, 2018 in Lexington, Virginia at the age of 82.


LaFayette, Georgia

LaFayette ( ) is a city in, and the county seat of, Walker County, Georgia, United States. As of the 2020, the city's population was 6,888. It was founded as Chattooga.


Harry Gulkin

Harry Gulkin (November 14, 1927 – July 23, 2018) was a Canadian director, screenwriter and producer. He was born in Montreal, Quebec. He produced "Lies My Father Told Me", which was nominated for an Academy Award for best screenplay, and won a Golden Globe for best foreign movie.

From 1983 to 1987, Gulkin was director of the Saidye Bronfman Centre for the Arts. 

Gulkin died in Montreal on July 23, 2018 from pneumonia, aged 90.

Khalid Salleh

Khalid Salleh (29 February 1948 – 23 July 2018) was a Malaysian actor and poet. He was born in Kajang, Selangor. He was known for his roles in "Penghujung Malam", "Azizah The Legend", "Jogho", "Kaki Bakar", "Buai Laju-Laju", and "Hanyut". 

Salleh died on 23 July 2018 in Kuala Lumpur from respiratory failure at the age of 70.

Cleveland Torso Murderer

The Cleveland Torso Murderer (also known as the Mad Butcher of Kingsbury Run) was an unidentified serial killer. It was active in Cleveland, Ohio, USA in the 1930s. The killings were defined by the cut-off pieces of twelve known victims and the disposal of their remains in the poor neighborhood of Kingsbury Run.

The official number of murders caused by the Cleveland Torso Murderer is thirteen, although recent research has shown there could have been as many as twenty. The twelve known victims were killed between 1935 and 1938. 

Most victims had their heads cut off, and sometimes other limbs were cut off as well. In some cases, the men were castrated too.

Most of the victims were homeless or sex workers.

Black Dahlia

Elizabeth Short (July 29, 1924 – January 14 or 15, 1947), known as "the Black Dahlia", was an American woman who was found murdered in a neighborhood of Los Angeles, California. Her case became highly publicized due to the graphic nature of the crime. Her corpse was chopped into pieces and severed at the waist.

Short's unsolved murder and the details surrounding it have had caused many theories and public speculation. It is one of the oldest unsolved cases in Los Angeles County.

Axeman of New Orleans

The Axeman of New Orleans was an American serial killer active in New Orleans, Louisiana from May 1918 to October 1919. The killer was never identified, and the murders remain unsolved.

The victims usually were attacked with an axe, which often belonged to the victims themselves. In most cases, a panel on a back door of a home was removed by a chisel, which were both left on the floor near the door, followed by an attack on one or more of the residents with either an axe or straight razor.


Britton Hill

Britton Hill is the highest point in Florida with an elevation of above sea level. The hill is located in Walton County, near the town of Lakewood, Florida.

Death of Elisa Lam

The body of Elisa Lam, also known by her Cantonese name, Lam Ho Yi (; April 30, 1991 – February 2013), a Canadian student at the University of British Columbia in Vancouver. Her body was discovered from a water tank at the Cecil Hotel in Los Angeles on February 19, 2013. She had been reported missing at the beginning of the month. 

Maintenance workers at the hotel discovered the body when investigating guest complaints of problems with the water supply.

The circumstances of Lam's death, once she was found, also raised questions, especially in light of the Cecil's history in relation to other notable deaths and murders. Her body was naked with most of her clothes and personal effects floating in the water near her.

The autopsy showed that her death was by accident. 

Keddie murders

The Keddie Murders an unsolved American murder of 4 people that happened in Keddie, California. The murders took place in Cabin 28 of the Keddie Resort during the late evening of April 11, 1981, or early the following morning. 

The victims were Glenna Sue Sharp (née Davis), known as Sue (age 36), her son John (age 15), and his friend, Dana Wingate (age 17). 

At some time after the crime was discovered, Sue's daughter, Tina (age 12), was reported missing. Her skull and several other bones were recovered in 1984 in Camp Eighteen, California, which is in Butte County.

The case still remains unsolved. In 2004, Cabin 28 was demolished.

Ken McElroy

Ken Rex McElroy (June 1, 1934 – July 10, 1981) was an American non-convicted murderer from Skidmore, Missouri. He was known as "the town bully". His unsolved killing became the focus of international attention. 

McElroy was accused of dozens of felonies, including assault, child molestation, statutory rape, arson, hog and cattle rustling, and burglary.

He was indicted 21 times but escaped conviction each time, except for the last. In 1981, McElroy was convicted of shooting and seriously injuring the town's 70-year-old grocer, Ernest "Bo" Bowenkamp. 

On July 10, 1981, McElroy was shot to death in broad daylight as he sat with his wife Trena in his pickup truck on Skidmore's main street. He was struck by bullets from at least two different firearms, in front of a crowd of people estimated as between 30 and 46. To date, no one has been charged in connection with McElroy's death.

Murder of Brian Wells

Brian Douglas Wells (November 15, 1956 – August 28, 2003) was an American man who died after a homemade neck-bomb exploded while being involved in a plot involving a bank robbery in Erie, Pennsylvania. Before his death, Wells was a pizza delivery man who, shortly before his death, made a delivery stop outside of Erie.

Investigated by a task force led by the Federal Bureau of Investigation, it was described as "one of the most complicated and bizarre crimes in the annals of the FBI". The Wells story was the subject of significant attention in the mass media. The question of whether Wells was a victim or a mastermind behind the robbery plot is debated.

In a July 2007 indictment, federal prosecutors said that Wells had been involved in the planning of the botched bank robbery. Two of his alleged co-conspirators, Marjorie Diehl-Armstrong and Kenneth Barnes, were indicted. In 2008, U.S. District Judge Sean J. McLaughlin sentenced Barnes to 45 years in federal prison. Two years later, Diehl-Armstrong was also found guilty and, in 2011, was sentenced to life in prison, where she died from cancer in 2017. 


Skumin

Skumin ( is a Lithuanian, Polish and Russian masculine nobleman surname, its feminine counterpart is Skumina.




Death of Gloria Ramirez

Gloria Ramirez (January 11, 1963 – February 19, 1994) was an American woman dubbed "the Toxic Lady" by the media when several hospital workers became ill after exposure to her body and blood. She was from Riverside, California.

Ramirez had been admitted to the ER while suffering from late-stage cervical cancer. While treating Ramirez, several hospital workers fainted and others experienced symptoms such as shortness of breath and muscle spasms.

Five workers required hospitalization, one of whom remained in intensive care unit for two weeks. 

Shortly after arriving at the hospital, Ramirez died from complications related to cancer. This incident was initially thought to be a case of mass hysteria. 

The medical staff injected her with diazepam, midazolam, and lorazepam to sedate her. When it became clear that Ramirez was responding poorly to treatment, the staff tried to defibrillate her heart. Many people saw an oily substance covering Ramirez's body. Others noted a fruity, garlic-like odor that they thought was coming from her mouth.

An investigation by Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory said that Ramirez had been self-injecting dimethyl sulfoxide as a treatment for pain, which converted into dimethyl sulfate, an extremely poisonous agent via a series of chemical reactions in the emergency department. Although the medical sector of Riverside supports this claim, scientists still believe it is not the case.

After several investigations, the most likely cause is that she covered herself in DMSO, or dimethyl sulfoxide, to relieve the pain caused by her cancer.

Two months after Ramirez died, her badly decomposed body was released for an independent autopsy and burial. On April 20, 1994—ten weeks after her death—Ramirez was buried at Olivewood Memorial Park in Riverside.

Cairo, Georgia

Cairo is a city in Grady County, Georgia, United States. As of the 2020 census, the city had a population of 10,179. The city is the county seat of Grady County.


Lebanon, Tennessee

Lebanon is the county seat of Wilson County, Tennessee, United States.

The population was 38,431 at the 2020 census.

Keddie, California

Keddie is a census-designated place in Plumas County, California, United States. The population was 51 at the 2020 census.

Keddie is located at (40.005901, -120.956899).

Keddie was also the site of the Keddie murders, a notorious quadruple homicide.

Skidmore, Missouri

Skidmore is a city in Nodaway County, Missouri, United States. The population was 245 at the 2020 Census. The small farming community has a yearly "Punkin' Show".

On July 10, 1981, Ken McElroy was shot to death, by at least two different guns, while sitting in his truck in front of the pool hall in town. Though dozens of people saw the event, all denied seeing anything that would help identify the shooters. He was known as the "Town Bully" for his abuse towards the citizens of Skidmore.

Dorothy A. Brown

Dorothy Brown (born September 4, 1953) is an American lawyer and politician associated with the Democratic Party who served as the clerk of the Circuit Court of Cook County from 2000 through 2020.

In April 2018, while under federal investigation, Brown announced her plans to run for Mayor of Chicago in the 2019 election. In January 2019, the Chicago Board of Elections rejected her petitions and will not be on the ballot in the February 2019 election.

Neal Sales-Griffin

Neal Sáles-Griffin (born July 28, 1987) is an American entrepreneur and educator. He co-founded the first coding bootcamp program in 2011 and is the CEO of CodeNow.

Sales-Griffin ran for Mayor of Chicago in 2019.

In 2011, Sales-Griffin and McGee launched Code Academy, the first ever coding bootcamp, offering three-month intensive courses in web development and design. In 2012, Code Academy changed its name to The Starter League to eliminate confusion with a competing New York-based program called Codecademy. It was one of the first tenants of 1871,

In 2016, Sales-Griffin joined CodeNow as its CEO, a nonprofit coding school that focuses in on high school students in low income areas interested in coding, design and entrepreneurship.

Sales-Griffin was named to Crain’s Chicago Business’s "40 Under 40" in 2013.

Willie Wilson (businessman)

Willie L. Wilson (born June 16, 1948) is an American businessman and politician. He has owned and operated many different McDonald's restaurant franchises and owns Omar Medical Supplies. He worked and lives in Chicago.

He also produces the nationally syndicated gospel music television program "Singsation", which won a Chicago/Midwest Emmy Award in 2012.

Wilson ran for Mayor of Chicago in the 2015 election, in the 2019 election and in the 2023 election. Wilson announced on June 1, 2015, that he would run as a candidate for President of the United States in the 2016 election. He ran as a Democrat.

2015 Chicago mayoral election

An election happened on February 24, 2015 to elect the Mayor of Chicago. The election was non-partisan and no candidate got a majority.

A runoff election happened between the top two finishers (both Democrats) on April 7, 2015, and Rahm Emanuel won the election and stayed as mayor.

Emanuel was in the election, wanting to win a second term. In the first round, Emanuel got 46% of the vote and Democratic Cook County Commissioner Chuy García received 34%. In the runoff, Emanuel got 55.7% of the vote, winning the election. Garcia got 44.3% of the vote.

The runoff was very rare in the history of Chicago's mayoral races.


2011 Chicago mayoral election

The city of Chicago, Illinois held a non-partisan mayoral election on Tuesday, February 22, 2011. Mayor Richard M. Daley, a member of the Democratic Party who had been in office since 1989, did not seek a seventh term as mayor.

Candidates needed to collect 12,500 petition signatures by November 22, 2010 to qualify for a place on the ballot. April 5, 2011 was scheduled to be a runoff election date if no candidate received a majority.

Rahm Emanuel won the race for mayor with more than 55% of the vote. He was inaugurated on May 16, 2011.

Six candidates appeared on the February 22 ballot:

Old Alton Bridge

Old Alton Bridge, also known as Goatman's Bridge, is a historic iron through-truss bridge connecting the Texas cities of Denton and Copper Canyon. It was built in 1884.

It originally carried horses and later automobiles over Hickory Creek at a location that once was a popular ford for crossing cattle. The bridge takes its name from the abandoned community of Alton, which between 1850-1856 was the seat of Denton County.

Locally, the bridge is known as "Goatman's Bridge", due to a legendary demonic folk legend of the same name, who is popularly believed to live in the forest surrounding the area. 

Denton, Texas

Denton is a city in and the county seat of Denton County, Texas, United States. According to 2020 United States Census, there were 139,869 people living there. It is the 20th most populous city in Texas and the 177th city in the United States with the most people. 

Burt Shotton

Burton Edwin Shotton (October 18, 1884 – July 29, 1962) was an American player, manager, coach and scout in Major League Baseball. Shotton manager of the Brooklyn Dodgers (1947; 1948–50). He won two National League pennants and was Jackie Robinson's first permanent Major League manager.


Darjeeling

Darjeeling is a city and a municipality in the Indian state of West Bengal. It is in the Lesser Himalayas at an elevation of . It is famous for its tea industry. It is also known for its views of the Kangchenjunga, the world's third-highest mountain, and the Darjeeling Himalayan Railway, a UNESCO World Heritage Site. Darjeeling is the headquarters of the Darjeeling District in West Bengal. It is a popular tourist destination in India.

Henry Miller

Henry Miller (26 December 1891 – 7 June 1980) was an American writer known for his novels. Many of his novels were partly autobiographical and used a stream of consciousness style. His most famous works are "Tropic of Cancer", "Black Spring", "Tropic of Capricorn" and "The Rosy Crucifixion". They are based on his experiences in New York and Paris. They were all banned in the United States until the 1960s because they contained explicit descriptions of sex and obscene language. He also wrote travel memoirs and literary criticism and painted watercolors.

Miller was born in New York City. His parents were German-Americans. His father worked as a tailor. Miller always wanted to be writer, but he worked at several different jobs when he was a young man. During World War I he worked as a clerk in the US War Department (now called the Department of Defense). Then he got a job as a reporter on "The Washington Post". He quit that job after three days and returned to New York City. In New York he worked for the Western Union telegraph company. In 1917 he married Beatrice Sylvas Wickens, a pianist.

In 1924 he left Beatrice and their child to marry the taxi dancer June Edith Smith. A taxi dancer was a woman who was paid to dance with men in dance halls. He gave up his job at the telegraph company to work full-time as a writer. Miller and June lived in Greenwich Village. They went to Paris in 1928 and stayed for a few months. He separated from June and went back to New York by himself in 1929. She later divorced him in 1934. In 1930 he went back to Paris alone. He found a job as a proofreader for the "New York Herald Tribune" Paris edition. A proofreader is a kind of copy editor who checks the first printing of a text for errors. He also worked on his novels. His first important novel, "Tropic of Cancer", was published in Paris by the Obelisk Press in 1934. "Black Spring" was published in 1936 and "Tropic of Capricorn" in 1939. He became a close friend of the writer Anaïs Nin. She helped him get "Tropic of Cancer" published and wrote the to it. Miller stayed in Paris until June 1939. 

He spent the next year living on the Greek island of Corfu. On Corfu he was the guest of the writer Lawrence Durrell. Miller described his visit in his travel memoir "The Colossus of Maroussi". It was published in 1941. Miller considered it to be his best work. When World War II started, Miller returned to the United States. For several years he lived in Big Sur in California. Big Sur is on the Pacific Ocean near Carmel. Many writers and artists lived there. In Big Sur Miller began work on his novel "Sexus", the first part of his trilogy "The Rosy Crucifixion". It was published in 1949 and tells the story of his early life in New York and first two marriages. The other two novels in the trilogy were "Plexus" published in 1953 and "Nexus" published in 1959. They continue the story of his second marriage and his years in Paris. In 1963 Miller moved to Pacific Palisades near Los Angeles. He lived there for the rest of his life. 

Miller married three more times. In 1944 he married Janina Lepska. She was a philosophy student and 30 years younger than him. They were divorced in 1952. In 1953 he married Eve McClure. She was an artist and almost 40 years younger than him. They divorced in 1962. Soon after their divorce, he married Hoki Tokuda, a Japanese entertainer. She played the piano in nightclubs. They were no longer living together when Miller died in 1980 at the age of 88. Miller had three children: Barbara from his first marriage to Beatrice Wickens and Anthony and Valentine from his third marriage to Janina Lepska.


Down to You (song)

"Down to You" is a song written by Joni Mitchell. It was first released on her 1974 album "Court and Spark". It won the Grammy Award for Best Arrangement Accompanying Vocalist(s).

Big Yellow Taxi

"Big Yellow Taxi" is a song written, composed, and originally recorded by Canadian singer-songwriter Joni Mitchell in 1970. It was originally released on her album "Ladies of the Canyon." It was a hit in her native Canada (No. 14) as well as Australia (No. 6) and the United Kingdom (No. 11). It only reached No. 67 in the United States in 1970, but was later a bigger hit there for her in a live version released in 1974, which peaked at No. 24. 

All I Ever Wanted

All I Ever Wanted can mean different things.

Testimony

In law and in religion, testimony is a formal statement that something is true. The words "testimony" and "testify" both come from the Latin word "testis", which refers to a third-party witness.

In the law, testimony is a kind of evidence. It comes from a witness who says that something is true. Testimony may be spoken or written. It is usually made by oath or affirmation under penalty of perjury (which is a crime that somebody can be charged with if they give testimony that is not true).

Some Christians use the term "to testify" or "to give one's testimony" to mean "to tell the story of how one became a Christian".

Merzkirchen

Merzkirchen is a municipality in the Trier-Saarburg district, in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.

Damflos

Damflos is a municipality in the Trier-Saarburg district, in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.

Kolbingen

Kolbingen is a municipality in Tuttlingen in Baden-Württemberg in Germany. It is about northeast of Tuttlingen and from Mühlheim an der Donau.

Ingelfingen

Ingelfingen is a town in the Hohenlohe district, in Baden-Württemberg, Germany. It is on the river Kocher, northwest of Künzelsau, and northeast of Heilbronn.

Ingelfingen is twinned with:

Bitsch

Bitsch can mean:

Bytča

Bytča () is a town in northwestern Slovakia. It is on the Váh river near the cities of Žilina and Považská Bystrica. It is part of the Upper Váh region of tourism.

The town was first mentioned in 1234 as "terra Bycha".

Bytča is twinned with:


Hwang Kyo-ahn

Hwang Kyo-ahn (, Hanja: 黃敎安, RR: Hwang Gyo-an; born 15 April 1957) is a South Korean politician and lawyer. He was the 44th Prime Minister of South Korea from 18 June 2015 to 11 May 2017. He was the Justice Minister. 

Hwang was the Acting President of South Korea after the impeachment and removal of President Park Geun-hye on 10 March 2017, until the election of Moon Jae-in on 9 May 2017.

Rüti

Rüti can refer to:

The names of the following places have the same origin:

Kim Suk-soo

Kim Suk-soo (born November 20, 1932) is a South Korean politician.

He was a justice of the Supreme Court and chairman of the National Election Commission. Kim became the acting Prime Minister of South Korea from 2002 to 2003, during Kim Dae-Jung’s presidency. 

Oksana Shachko

Oksana Shachko (; 31 January 1987 – 23 July 2018) was a Ukrainian artist and activist. She was known as the co-founder of FEMEN in April 2008, along with Anna Hutsol and Alexandra Shevchenko. Shachko was born in Khmelnytskyi but moved to Kiev. She worked in women's rights and civil rights in Ukraine and around the world.

Shachko co-operated with French writer Galia Ackerman who produced a history of 'FEMEN' which was published by Calmann-Lévy in 2013.

Shachko killed herself in her apartment in Paris, France on 23 July 2018. She was 31.

President of Turkey

The President of the Republic of Türkiye () is the head of state and head of government of the Republic of Turkey. The president will assume the role of an Executive President and will hold both ceremonial and executive status. The President represents the Republic of Turkey.

The current office-holder is the Recep Tayyip Erdoğan, who holds the office since 28 August 2014. 

The Constitution creates all the requirements, election, duties, and responsibilities for the office of the President. The office of the President of Turkey was created on 29 October 1923. The President of Turkey is often known as the Cumhurbaşkanı, meaning 'President of the People'.

Since 2017, a successful referendum voted to make the presidency an executive post.
The Turkish President can appoint or fire Vice Presidents.

There are two living former Turkish presidents:


Cemal Gürsel

Cemal Gürsel (; 13 October 1895 – 14 September 1966) was a Turkish army officer. He was the fourth President of Turkey from 1960 until a few months before his death in 1966.

He died from complications of a stroke in Ankara on 14 September 1966 at the age of 70.


Gland (disambiguation)

A gland is an organ in an animal's body that makes a substance for release.

Gland may also refer to:

Yıldırım Akbulut

Yıldırım Akbulut (; 2 September 1935 – 14 April 2021) was a Turkish politician. He was a leader of the Anavatan Partisi (Motherland Party). He was the Prime Minister of Turkey and twice the Speaker of the Grand National Assembly of Turkey.

On May 20, 1999, Yıldırım Akbulut was elected for the second time Speaker of the Grand National Assembly that lasted until September 30, 2000.

Akbulut died on 14 April 2021 in Ankara, aged 85.


Angola (disambiguation)

Angola is a country in southern Africa.

Angola may also refer to:

Cevdet Sunay

Cevdet Sunay (; 10 February 1899 – 22 May 1982) was a Turkish army officer and politician. He was the fifth President of Turkey.

Cevdet Sunay died on 22 May 1982 in Istanbul. His body was moved in August 1988 to a permanent burial place in the newly built Turkish State Cemetery in Ankara.



Aubonne (disambiguation)

Aubonne may refer to several places:

Fahri Korutürk

Fahri Sabit Korutürk (3 August 1903 – 12 October 1987) was a Turkish navy officer and politician. He was the sixth President of Turkey, from 1973 to 1980.

After his retirement in 1960 from the post of Commander of the Turkish Navy, Korutürk was appointed by the Head of State Cemal Gürsel as Turkish ambassador to the Soviet Union (1960-1964) and later to Spain (1964-1965).

In 1968, President Cevdet Sunay appointed him member of the senate. On 6 April 1973, the Grand National Assembly of Turkey elected him the 6th President of the Republic of Turkey.

Aubonne

Aubonne is a municipality in Morges in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland. The former municipality of Pizy merged on 1 July 2011, into the municipality of Aubonne. On 1 January 2021, Montherod became a part of Aubonne.

On 5 December 2017, Michael I of Romania died in his home in Aubonne.


Boudry

Boudry is a city in the canton of Neuchâtel in Switzerland. It is the capital of the district of Boudry.


Boudry (disambiguation)

Boudry can mean:

Esslingen

Esslingen can mean:

Esslingen am Neckar

Esslingen am Neckar (Swabian: "Esslenga am Negger" or "Neckor" ]) is a city in southern Germany, in the state of Baden-Württemberg. It is on the river Neckar, about southeast of Stuttgart city center.

Esslingen was a free imperial city for several centuries until it was annexed by Württemberg in 1802.


Aubonne (river)

Aubonne is a river in the canton of Vaud, Switzerland. The river flows into Lake Geneva near Aubonne.

Bo Burnham

Robert Pickering Burnham (born August 21, 1990) is an American comedian, singer, songwriter, musician, rapper, actor, director, screenwriter, and poet. He began his career as a YouTuber in March 2006.

Burnham signed a four-year record deal with Comedy Central Records and released his debut EP, "Bo Fo Sho", in 2008. His first full-length album, "Bo Burnham", was released the following year.

Burnham co-created and starred in the MTV television series "Zach Stone Is Gonna Be Famous" and released his first book of poetry, "Egghead: Or, You Can't Survive on Ideas Alone", in 2013. His first feature movie as writer and director, "Eighth Grade", was released in July 2018 to strong positive reviews.



Hamilton, Massachusetts

Hamilton is a rural-suburban town in the eastern central portion of Essex County in eastern Massachusetts, United States. At the 2020 census, it had a population of 7,561.

Pedesina

Pedesina is a "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Sondrio in the Italian region Lombardy. It is the least populated municipality in Italy.

Pedesina is about northeast of Milan and about southwest of Sondrio. As of 31 December 2008, it had a population of 33, and an area of .

Pedesina borders the following municipalities: Bema, Gerola Alta, Premana, Rasura, Rogolo.

Art Linkletter

Arthur Gordon Linkletter (born Arthur Gordon Kelly, or Gordon Arthur Kelley, July 17, 1912 – May 26, 2010) was a Canadian-born American radio and television personality. He was born in Moose Jaw, Saskatchewan. Linkletter was the host of "House Party" and "People Are Funny", on NBC radio and TV for 19 years. He became a naturalized United States citizen in 1942.

Linkletter died on May 26, 2010 in Los Angeles, California from stroke-complications at the age of 97.


Bryant Gumbel

Bryant Charles Gumbel (born September 29, 1948) is an American television journalist and sportscaster. He was born in New Orleans, Louisiana. He is best known for his 15 years as co-host of NBC's "Today". He is the younger brother of sportscaster Greg Gumbel. 

Since 1995, he has hosted HBO's "Real Sports with Bryant Gumbel". It has been rated as "flat out TV's best sports program" by the "Los Angeles Times". It won a Peabody Award in 2012.


Huey P. Newton

Huey Percy Newton (February 17, 1942 – August 22, 1989) was an African-American communist political activist. Along with Bobby Seale, he co-founded the Black Panther Party in 1966.

In 1989, he was shot and killed during a drug deal in Oakland, California, aged 47.
Huey Newton had one biological child Rico Cortez Dukes According to Alameda Oakland California Vital Court Records.

Bobby Seale

Robert George "Bobby" Seale (born October 22, 1936) is an American political activist. He was born in Dallas, Texas. He and fellow activist Huey P. Newton co-founded the Black Panther Party. He was briefly a member of the Chicago Eight.


Bobby Hutton

Robert James Hutton, or "Lil' Bobby" (April 21, 1950 – April 6, 1968) was an American political activist. He was born in Jefferson County, Arkansas. He was the treasurer and first recruit to join the Black Panther Party.

On the night of April 6, 1968, Hutton was killed by police officers after Hutton co-led an ambush on the Oakland police department. He was 17 years old.

Elbert Howard

Elbert Howard (January 5, 1938 – July 23, 2018), better known as Big Man, was an American civil rights activist and author. He was one of the founding members of the Black Panther Party.

After leaving the party in 1974, Howard returned to Tennessee. In Memphis, he served on the boards of directors of several African American progressive educational institutions.

Howard died on July 23, 2018 in Santa Rosa, California, aged 80.

Don Marion Davis

Don Marion Davis (October 9, 1917 – December 10, 2020), professionally known as John Henry Jr. and Don Marion, was an American child actor of the silent film era, who during a brief career in show business appeared in several feature roles and comedy shorts in Hollywood screened between 1919 and 1925. He also had uncredited parts in radio. He was one of the last surviving actors who worked in the silent film era. 

Davis died on December 10, 2020 in Tucson, Arizona at the age of 103.

Norma Aleandro

Norma Aleandro Robledo (born May 2, 1936) is an Argentine actress, screenwriter, theatre director and author. She is thought to be as one of the best Argentine actresses and is called a cultural icon. 

Aleandro starred in the Oscar-winning 1985 movie, "The Official Story". She starred in "The Truce" (1974), "Cousins" (1989), "Autumn Sun" (1996), "The Lighthouse" (1998), "Son of the Bride" (2001) and "Cama Adentro" (2005). 

For her role as Florencia Sánchez Morales in the 1987 movie "", she received a Golden Globe nomination and a Academy Award nomination for Best Supporting Actress.

I Will Survive

"I Will Survive" is a hit song first performed by American singer Gloria Gaynor. It was released in October 1978. It was written by Freddie Perren and Dino Fekaris. It became a top-selling song after its release as it sold 14 million copies worldwide.

It reaches number one on the "Billboard" Hot 100 and on the UK Singles Chart on many weeks in a row. The song is also seen as a symbol of female strength and as a gay anthem. 

In 2016, the Library of Congress selected it for preservation in the National Recording Registry.

Carla Hayden

Carla Diane Hayden (born August 10, 1952) is an American librarian. She is the 14th and current Librarian of Congress since 2016. Hayden is the first woman and the first African American to hold the post. She is the first professional librarian appointed to the post in over 60 years.

Asado

Asado () is the barbecue of a social event in Hispanic/Latin culture. They are popular in Argentina, Chile, Paraguay and Uruguay. In these countries, "asado" is a traditional way of preparing food and a traditional event. An "asado" usually has of beef, sausages, and sometimes other meats, which are cooked on a grill, called a "parrilla", or an open fire.

Billy Vaughn

William Richard Vaughn (April 12, 1919 – September 26, 1991) was an American singer, multi-instrumentalist, orchestra leader, and A&R man for Dot Records.

Vaughn charted a total of 42 singles on the "Billboard" charts, often based on the sound of two alto saxophones. He also charted thirty six albums on the "Billboard" 200, beginning with 1958's "Sail Along Silv'ry Moon" and ending with 1970's "Winter World of Love".


2018 Amesbury poisonings

On 30 June 2018, two British nationals, Charlie Rowley and Dawn Sturgess, were admitted to hospital in Amesbury, England. Police determined that they were poisoned by a Novichok nerve agent similar to that used in the poisoning of Sergei Skripal and his daughter Yulia in Salisbury, away, almost four months earlier. Sturgess died on 8 July, and Rowley regained consciousness two days later.

The origin of the poison was possibly a perfume bottle they had picked up in a park.

Anne Olivier Bell

Anne Olivier Bell (née Popham; 22 June 1916 – 18 July 2018) was an art scholar. She was part of the Bloomsbury Group. She was best known for editing the diaries of Virginia Woolf. As a member of the "Monuments Men", she was responsible for the protection of cultural artefacts in Europe during the Second World War.

Bell died on 18 July 2018 in Firle, East Sussex, aged 102.


Amesbury

Amesbury is a town and civil parish in Wiltshire, England. It is most famous for the prehistoric monument of Stonehenge which is in its parish, and for the discovery of the Amesbury Archer. The Amesbury Archer is an early Bronze Age man whose grave was discovered during excavations at the site of a new housing development in Amesbury in 2002. It has been confirmed by archaeologists that Amesbury is the oldest continuously occupied settlement in the United Kingdom, having been first settled around 8820 BC.

Melanie Papalia

Melanie Papalia (born July 11, 1984) is a Canadian actress. She is known for her role as Dana in "", as well as for her roles in movies such as "Postal" (2007) and "Frankie and Alice" (2010). In 2011, she starred as Pippa in the Showcase original series "Endgame". She was born in Vancouver.


Clever, Missouri

Clever is a city in Christian County, Missouri, United States. The population was 2,918 at the 2020 census. It is part of the Springfield, Missouri Metropolitan Statistical Area.

Michelle Von Emster case

Michelle von Emster (died 1994) was a 25-year-old woman who was fatally attacked by an unknown person. She died off the coast of San Diego, California at night. Soon after, two surfers found her body. Her right leg was missing from her mid thigh, and there were tear marks all over her body, suggesting to investigators that she had been attacked by a great white shark. In addition, she had sand in her stomach and other organs, and her neck was broken.

In addition, when experts were later shown the body, some claimed the injuries did not match the measurements of a great white shark.


Roswell UFO incident

The Roswell incident is a collection of events and myths surrounding a military balloon crash. It crashed in 1947 near Roswell, New Mexico. There had been a flying disc craze that summer. Americans reported hundreds of flying saucers. A rancher near Roswell found the balloon debris. He reported the metallic and rubber debris to the military as a crashed flying saucer. Roswell Army Air Field recovered the debris. The Army told the local news they had found a “flying disc”. This made worldwide news, but the Army took back the statement within the day. The Air Force hid the point of the crashed balloon. It was for nuclear test detection, but General Roger Ramey said it was a weather balloon. Thirty years later, conspiracy theorists accused the government of a cover-up. Conspiracy theorists claimed the Air Force hid a spaceship. In 1994, the United States Air Force responded to the conspiracy theories. They revealed the debris had come from a top-secret surveillance balloon. Project Mogul at nearby Alamogordo Army Air Field launched the balloon in June 1947.




Sodder children disappearance

On Christmas Eve, December 24, 1945, a fire destroyed the Sodder home in Fayetteville, West Virginia, United States. At the time, it was owned by George Sodder, his wife Jennie, and nine of their ten children. During the fire, George, Jennie, and four of the nine children escaped. The bodies of the other five children have never been found. The Sodders believed for the rest of their lives that the five missing children survived.

In the 1950s, as they came to doubt that the children had died, they put up a billboard at the site along State Route 16 with pictures of the five.

In support of their belief that the children survived, the Sodders have pointed to a number of unusual circumstances before and during the fire. Authorities say the fire was caused by an electric fire and that the remains were cremated in the fire. The Sodders believed the Sicilian Mafia or someone else kidnapped the children due to George's anti-Benito Mussolini views.

John Shaft

John Shaft is a fictional character. He is played by Richard Roundtree in the 1971 movie that goes by his last name. He was also in the movie's four sequels. Samuel L. Jackson plays John Shaft II in the 2000 remake of Shaft and the 2019 sequel.

There was also a television series in 1973–74 on CBS.

In February 2015, the New Line Cinema got the rights to the reboot of "Shaft". The movie is titled "Son of Shaft". It will be released in June 2019.

Baal Krishna

Baal Krishna is an Indian Hindi-language television soap opera drama which was premiered on 14 March 2016 and it was broadcast on BIG Magic. The series will be produced by Swastik Pictures of Siddharth Kumar Tewarey.

The show went to off air from Swastik Pictures, By going next way to another production house, on it's Maha-Sangam (Episode 247) with Eklavya Serial. After that the show was re-aired as a new name Chakradhari Ajay Krishna in 28 March 2017 on Big Magic wich is now begin produced by Film Farm Productions.

The show explored lesser known stories and will also deal with widely popular stories about Lord Krishna.


Channapatna

Channapatna toys are a particular form of wooden toys (and dolls) that are manufactured in the town of Channapatnain the Ramanagara district of Karnataka state, India. This traditional craft is protected as a geographical indication (GI) under the World Trade Organization, administered by the Government of Karnataka. As a result of the popularity of these toys, Channapatna is known as "Gombegala Ooru" (toy-town) of Karnataka. Traditionally, the work involved lacquering the wood of the "Wrightia tinctoria" tree, colloquially called "Aale mara" (ivory-wood). and for for toys is majorly manifactured in channapatna taluk in neelsandra village.

Kodakara

Kodakara is a city in Thrissur district of Kerala state in South India. The total population of this town is 27,948. It is located on National Highway (NH 544). It is 20 km south of Thrissur town and about 10 km north of Chalakudy.

Manapparai taluk

Manapparai taluk is a taluk of Tiruchirapalli district of the Indian state of Tamil Nadu. The headquarters of the taluk is the town of Manapparai.

Lincoln, Michigan

Lincoln is a village in Alcona County in the U.S. state of Michigan. The population was 305 at the 2020 census.

Lincoln, Vermont

Lincoln is a town in Addison County, Vermont, United States. The population was 1,323 at the 2020 census.

Lincoln, California

Lincoln is a city in Placer County, California, United States. It grew 282.1 percent between 2000 and 2010, making it the fastest growing city over 10,000 people in the United States. The population was 49,757 at the 2020 census.

Lincoln, North Dakota

Lincoln is a city in Burleigh County, North Dakota, United States. It is a suburb of Bismarck. The population was 4,257 at the 2020 census, making it the 14th largest city in North Dakota. Lincoln was founded in 1977.

Walter Hirrlinger

Walter Hirrlinger (24 June 1926 – 24 July 2018) was a German politician. He was honorary President of Sozialverbands VdK Deutschland (SPD) from 1990 to 2008. From 1953 to 1968, Hirrlinger was a member of the municipal council of Esslingen am Neckar, from 1959 to 1989, he was also on the county council of the district of Esslingen.

From 1964 to 1968 he was also Deputy State Chairman of the SPD Baden-Württemberg; until 1975.

Hirrlinger died on 24 July 2018 at the age of 92 years in Esslingen.

Lincoln, New Hampshire

Lincoln is a town in Grafton County, New Hampshire, United States. It is the second-largest town by area in New Hampshire. The population was 1,631 at the 2020 census.

Grafton County, New Hampshire

Grafton County is a county in the state of New Hampshire, in the United States. As of the 2020 census, the population was 91,118. The county seat is Haverhill.

Mitsuo Matayoshi

Matayoshi died from kidney cancer on 20 July 2018 in Tokyo, aged 74.

Alien: Isolation

Alien: Isolation is a survival horror game created by Creative Assembly. It is based on the "Alien" science fiction horror movie series. It was published by Sega and released for Windows, PlayStation 3, PlayStation 4, Xbox 360 and Xbox One in October 2014. The game is set 15 years after the events of the 1979 "Alien" movie.

The game is about Amanda Ripley, daughter of "Alien" main character Ellen Ripley, as she investigates the disappearance of her mother while trapped in a spaceship with xenomorphs.

"Alien: Isolation" had strong positive reviews and had sold over two million copies by May 2015.

Belknap County, New Hampshire

Belknap County () is a county in the state of New Hampshire, in the United States. As of the 2020 census, the population was 63,705. The county seat is Laconia.

Vakhtang Balavadze

Vakhtang Balavadze (Georgian: ვახტანგ ბალავაძე, (November 20, 1927 – July 25, 2018) was a Georgian welterweight freestyle wrestler.

Balavadze died on July 25, 2018 in Tbilisi from a heart attack at the age of 90.

Laconia, New Hampshire

Laconia is a city in Belknap County, New Hampshire, United States. The population was 16,871 at the 2020 census. It is the county seat of Belknap County. Laconia is between Lake Winnipesaukee and Winnisquam Lake, includes the neighborhoods of Lakeport and Weirs Beach.

Laconia (disambiguation)

Laconia is a region of Greece.

It may also refer to:

Laconia, Indiana

Laconia is a town in Boone Township, Harrison County, Indiana, United States. The population was 73 at the 2020 census.

Sergio Marchionne

Sergio Marchionne (; June 17, 1952 – July 25, 2018) was an Italian-Canadian businessman. He was born in Chieti, Italy and raised in Toronto, Ontario.

Marchionne was the chairman of CNH Industrial, the chief executive officer (CEO) of Fiat Chrysler Automobiles, the chairman and CEO of FCA US LLC, the chairman and CEO of Ferrari, and the chairman of Maserati. He was the chairman of Swiss-based SGS and vice chairman of UBS from 2008 to 2010, as well as the chairman of the European Automobile Manufacturers Association for 2012 (first elected in January 2006). He was a member of the Peterson Institute for International Economics, and the chairman of the Italian branch of the Council for the United States and Italy.

In June 2018, Marchionne underwent shoulder surgery after suffering from pain in that area. Following complications from surgery he died on July 25, 2018 in Zurich at the age of 66.


New Amsterdam, Indiana

New Amsterdam is a town in Washington Township in Harrison County in the state of Indiana, United States, along the Ohio River. The population was 12 at the 2020 census. It is the smallest town in Indiana.

Gallarate

Gallarate (Lombard: "Galaraa") is a city in northern Italy. Gallarate is in the Lombardy Region. It has a population of 52,857 people.

Alene Duerk

Alene Bertha Duerk (March 29, 1920 – July 21, 2018) was a United States Navy admiral. 

She was born in Defiance, Ohio. She became the first female admiral in the U.S. Navy in 1972. She was also the director of the U.S. Navy Nurse Corps from 1970 to 1975. She was a 1974 recipient of a Distinguished Alumni Award of Case Western Reserve University's Frances Payne Bolton School of Nursing.

Duerk died in Lake Mary, Florida on July 21, 2018 at the age of 98.

Busto Arsizio

Busto Arsizio (; Lombard: "Büsti Grandi") is a city in northern Italy. Busto Arsizio is in the Lombardy Region. 83,405 people live there.

It is north of Milan. The economy of Busto Arsizio is based on industry and commerce.

Pro Patria Calcio football club plays in Busto Arsizio.

György Szepesi

György Szepesi (5 February 1922 – 25 July 2018) was a Hungarian radio personality, journalist and sports executive.

Szepesi was a Hungarian Olympic Committee member from 1962 to 2000, and was the Executive Committee Chairman for the Fédération Internationale de Football Association (FIFA) from 1982 to 1994. He was Chairman of the Hungarian Football Association (HFA) from 1978 to 1986. He is honorary chairman of the HFA, and an honorary member of FIFA’s executive committee.

Szepesi died on 25 July 2018 in Budapest at the age of 96.


Tradate

Tradate is a "comune" in northern Italy. Tradate is in the Lombardy Region. It has a population of 18,768 people.

It is from the city of Varese (the province's capital).

Rocket fuel

Rocket propellant or rocket fuel means fuel for rockets. It may be in the form of solid, liquid or gas. Most rockets are chemical rockets propelled by fire. Most chemical rockets use two propellants: a fuel and an oxidizer. These two chemicals are sometimes mixed, and sometimes kept in separate containers.

The Space Shuttle had solid fuel boosters with powdered aluminium as fuel and ammonium perchlorate as oxidant. The Space Shuttle main engines used liquid hydrogen as fuel and liquid oxygen as oxidant.

A toy water rocket uses a gas, such as compressed air, as a propellant. 

Braunau

Braunau may refer to:


FC Petržalka 1898

FC Petržalka is a football club which plays in Slovakia. It is based in the capital, Bratislava. The football club was founded in 1898.


Sankt Anton

Sankt Anton (“Saint Anthony”) may refer to the following places in Austria:

Sankt Anton im Montafon

Sankt Anton im Montafon is a municipality in the Montafon valley in the district of Bludenz in the Austrian state of Vorarlberg.

It is a popular ski resort, and much of the population makes a living from tourism.


Les Brenets

Les Brenets was a municipality of the district of Le Locle in the canton of Neuchâtel in Switzerland.

On January 1, 2021, the residents were moved into the municipality of Le Locle.

Le Cerneux-Péquignot

Le Cerneux-Péquignot is a municipality of the district Le Locle in the canton of Neuchâtel in Switzerland.

Montreux (disambiguation)

Montreux can mean:


Escamps

Escamps may refer to:

Meredith Salenger

Meredith Dawn Salenger (born March 14, 1970) is an American actress, who is best known for her role as Lainie Diamond in "Dream a Little Dream".

For Disney, she played Natty Gann in "The Journey of Natty Gann", and a television news reporter named Natalie Gann in the 2009 movie "Race to Witch Mountain". She also did the voices of Barriss Offee and several characters in the animated series "", "Star Wars Rebels", and Aurora Six in "Super Robot Monkey Team Hyperforce Go!". She also played Daphne in the ABC TV show "Grey's Anatomy", Amber Wheeler in "My Town", and did additional voices in "".

Compressed air

Compressed air is air stored under a pressure that is greater than atmospheric pressure. It is generally produced by an air compressor.

Compressed air may be used for transfer of energy in industrial processes. Compressed air is used to power pneumatic tools. Compressed air is used to spray paint, to operate air cylinders for automation, and to propel vehicles. Railway brakes applied by compressed air make train travel safer. Compressed air brakes are also found on large road vehicles, such as trucks and buses.

Matthias Ginter

Matthias Ginter (born 19 January 1994) is a German footballer. He plays as a defender for Borussia Mönchengladbach.

Ralph J. Lamberti

Ralph J. Lamberti (born November 14, 1934) is an American politician. He was born in New York City. He is a member of the Democratic Party. Lamberti was borough president of Staten Island, New York from 1984 to 1989.

James Molinaro

James P. Molinaro (born March 11, 1931) is an American politician. He was the Borough President of Staten Island from 2002 to 2013.

Molinaro first won election as Borough President on November 6, 2001 beating his Democratic opponent Councilman Jerome X. O'Donovan, with 50 percent to 43 percent. He took office on January 1, 2002.

James Oddo

James Steven Oddo (born January 12, 1966) is an American politician. He is a Republican politician from Staten Island. He was the Borough President of Staten Island from 2014 until 2022. Oddo was re elected Borough President on November 7, 2017 with 75.56% of the vote. 

Borough president

Borough president is an office in each of the five boroughs of New York City. The office holds executive powers within each borough, and the five borough presidents also sat on the New York City Board of Estimate. Since 1990, the borough presidents have been stripped of a majority of their powers in the government of New York City.

Borough presidents advise the mayor, comment on land-use items in their borough, advocate borough needs in the annual municipal budget process, appoint some officials and community board members, and serve "ex officio" as members of many boards and committees.

The current borough presidents were either elected or re-elected in the most recent election in 2021:


Boroughs of New York City

New York City is made up of five county-level sections called "boroughs": Manhattan, Brooklyn, Queens, The Bronx, and Staten Island. All boroughs are part of New York City, but they are in different counties. Queens is the largest borough.

Boroughs have existed since the official creation of the city in 1898, when the city and each borough assumed their current boundaries. However, the boroughs have not always been part with their respective counties. Before 1914, the borough of The Bronx had been earlier in the southern part of Westchester County which had then been annexed to New York County. Before 1899, the County of Queens included an eastern part, which was split off during the formation to become Nassau County.

Each borough is represented by a Borough president. 

Robert Abrams

Robert Abrams (born July 4, 1938) is an American lawyer and politician. He was the Attorney General of New York from 1979 to 1993 and the Democratic nominee for the U.S. Senate election in New York in 1992. He was the Borough president of The Bronx from 1970 to 1978.


Rubén Díaz Jr.

Rubén Díaz Jr. (born April 26, 1973) is an American politician. He was the Borough President of the Bronx in New York City. He was elected in April 2009 and reelected in 2013 and 2017.

His father is politician Rubén Díaz Sr..

Eric Adams

Eric Leroy Adams (born September 1, 1960) is an American politician. Adams is the Mayor of New York City since 2022. He was the Borough President of Brooklyn, New York City. Before, he was a Democratic State Senator in the New York Senate, representing the 20th Senate District. On November 5, 2013, Adams was elected Brooklyn Borough President, the first African-American to hold the position. Before becoming a politician, he was a police officer for the New York City Police Department for 22 years.

Adams was born in Brooklyn, on September 1, 1960. He graduated from Bayside High School in Queens in 1978. He worked as a mechanic and a mailroom clerk at the Brooklyn District Attorney's office. He studied at New York City College of Technology, John Jay College of Criminal Justice and Marist College. Adams was diagnosed with dyslexia while in college.

Before entering politics, Adams was a police officer in the New York City Police Department (NYPD) for 22 years. He started in the New York City Transit Police. He co-founded 100 Blacks in Law Enforcement Who Care, an advocacy group for black police officers, and often spoke out against police brutality and racial profiling.

On November 5, 2013, Adams was elected Brooklyn Borough President with 90.8 percent of the vote, more than any other candidate for borough president in New York City that year. In 2017, he was elected with 83.0 percent of the vote. In both of his campaigns, he was unopposed in the Democratic primaries.

In November 2020, Adams announced his candidacy for Mayor of New York City in the 2021 election. On July 6, Associated Press announced that he won the Democratic primary. Adams was elected mayor on November 2, 2021.

Adams supports cryptocurrency and blockchain technology. On November 4th, 2021, he tweeted that he wants to take his first three paychecks as Mayor in bitcoin, and that New York City would be "the center of the cryptocurrency industry and other fast-growing, innovative industries." He also believes young students should be taught about cryptocurrency. He said "We must open our schools to teach the technology, to teach this new way of thinking when it comes down to paying for goods and services." 

Adams took office at midnight in Times Square on 1 January 2022, holding a picture of his late mother, Dorothy, while being sworn in. He became the city's second mayor of color to hold the position and the first since David Dinkins left office in 1993. On his first day in office, Adams rode the New York City Subway to City Hall. On the subway ride, Adams witnessed a street fight and called 9-1-1.

Eight days into Adam's tenure as Mayor, an apartment fire in the Bronx killed 17 people including eight children. New York City had an increase in crime during the first months of Adams's tenure as Mayor. Because of the increase of crime, President Joe Biden and Attorney General Merrick Garland visited New York City and promised to work with Adams to crack down on homemade firearms, which lack traceable serial numbers and can be acquired without background checks. Adams has criticized the Black Lives Matter movement for not protesting against ongoing gun violence within the black community. 

Later in February, Adams created a zero-tolerance policy for homeless people sleeping in subway cars or in subway stations. He told police officers, assisted by mental health professionals, to remove homeless people from the subway system and taking them to homeless shelters or mental health hospitals. This plan was controversial. 

On April 11, 2022, Adams was diagnosed with COVID-19. While quarantined, a man shot 10 people on a Subway in Brooklyn.

Adams has never been married, but has a son, Jordan Coleman, with former girlfriend Chrisena Coleman. Adams is currently in a relationship with Tracey Collins.



Marty Markowitz

Martin "Marty" Markowitz (born February 14, 1945) is an American politician. He is a former Borough President of Brooklyn, New York City. He was first elected in 2001 after being a New York State Senator for 23 years. His third and final term ended in December 2013.


Fernando Ferrer

Fernando James "Freddy" Ferrer (born April 30, 1950) is an American politician. He was the Borough President of The Bronx from 1987 to 2001, and was a candidate for Mayor of New York City in 2001 and the Democratic Party nominee for Mayor in 2005.

Gale Brewer

Gale Arnot Brewer (born September 6, 1951) is an American politician. She was the Borough President of the New York City borough of Manhattan and a Democratic politician. She was a member of the New York City Council. She was elected Manhattan Borough President on November 5, 2013.

Scott Stringer

Scott M. Stringer (born April 29, 1960) is an American politician. He was the New York City Comptroller and a New York Democratic politician. He was the 26th Borough President of Manhattan.

In September 2020, he announced his plans to run for Mayor of New York City for the 2021 election.

C. Virginia Fields

C. Virginia Fields (born August 6, 1945) is an American politician. She is the former Borough President of Manhattan, elected in 1997 and reelected in 2001. Her second term expired at the end of 2005.

Ruth Messinger

Ruth Wyler Messinger (born November 6, 1940) is an American politician and member of the Democratic Party as well as the Democratic Socialists of America. She was the Democratic nominee for Mayor of New York City in 1997 losing to Rudy Giuliani. Messinger was the 24th Borough President of Manhattan from 1990 to 1997.

In 2015 she was named as one of "The Forward" 50 along with Senator Bernie Sanders.


Melinda Katz

Melinda R. Katz (born August 19, 1965) is an American politician. She was the 19th Queens Borough President from 2014 to 2020.

Katz was a New York City Councilwoman from 2002 to 2009. She left politics in 2009 to work at a law firm. 

In 2012, she announced her return to politics with a run for Queens Borough President in 2013.

In June 2019, Katz won the Democratic nomination for Queens County's District Attorney, and won the general election in November 2019. 

Melinda Katz has two children. Hunter Katz is one of them and he goes to Rusell Sage in Forest Hills.
Imagawayaki

Its name came from its original shop location, the Imagawa Bridge, in the Edo Period.

It is known as Obanyaki in Kansai or Jimanyaki in Nagano.

Queen (Nicki Minaj album)

Queen is the fourth studio album by by Trinidadian-American rapper Nicki Minaj. It was released on August 10, 2018, through Young Money Entertainment, Cash Money Records and Republic Records. It is Minaj's first album in nearly four years, following "The Pinkprint" (2014).

"Queen" was met with generally favorable reviews from critics. At Metacritic, which assigns a normalized rating out of 100 to reviews from mainstream publications, the album received an average score of 70, based on 22 reviews.

Notes

Sample credits

Credits adapted from "Queen" album liner notes.

Hillerød

Hillerød is a city in Denmark. It's nearby Copenhagen, the capital of Denmark. Hillerød has a castle named Frederiksborg castle ().

Minecart

In 2009, a movie based on this story was released.

Construction of a light railway has begun between Odawara and Atami, two towns in east Japan. At the construction site, workers are using minecarts for transporting earth and sand. Ryōhei, aged eight, is interested in these minecarts. One day, he pushes one of the minecarts with a construction worker. At the beginning, he is very excited. But as it gets late in the day, he starts to worry about how he will get home. After a while, the construction worker tells him to go home because it is late. Ryōhei runs down a dark hill road thinking “I just don’t want to die”. As soon as he comes back home, he bursts into tears.

He becomes an adult and moves to Tokyo. He looks back on that time. He is tired of everyday life. Without any reason, he sometimes dreams of the dark hill road.

The story is set between Odawara and Atami. The boy describes seeing the sea on his right as he heads away from his home, and on his left on the way back. Because of this, it seems that he was moving toward Odawara from Atami.

Rikiishi Heizo was a journalist from Yugawara, a town between Atami and Odawara. The Atami light railway was under construction when he was a boy. Construction workers changed a human-powered railway into a light railway. Rikiishi looked back on his memory of watching this construction work and wrote it down. The story’s author, Akutagawa, embellished Rikiishi’s writing to make the story.


Krysten Ritter

Krysten Alyce Ritter (born December 16, 1981) is an American actress, musician, writer and model. She is best known for her roles as lead superheroine Jessica Jones on the Marvel Cinematic Universe series "Jessica Jones" and the crossover miniseries "The Defenders", Jane Margolis on the AMC drama series "Breaking Bad" and Chloe on the ABC comedy series "Don't Trust the B---- in Apartment 23". She has also had roles in the television series "Veronica Mars", "Gilmore Girls" and "Gossip Girl". She has also acted in movies such as "What Happens in Vegas" (2008), "27 Dresses" (2008), "She's Out of My League" (2010), "Veronica Mars" (2014) and "Big Eyes" (2014).

Ritter is one half of indie rock duo Ex Vivian, performing guitar and singing. Her first novel, "Bonfire", a psychological thriller was released on November 7, 2017.

Ritter was born in Bloomsburg, Pennsylvania. She grew up on a farm outside Shickshinny, Pennsylvania. She is of German, Scottish and English ancestry. She lives in Los Angeles, California.

2015 FIFA Women's World Cup Final

The 2015 FIFA Women's World Cup Final was the final game of the women's soccer tournament to determine the winners of the 2015 FIFA Women's World Cup, It took place on July 5, 2015, at BC Place, in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada. It was played between Japan and the United States, this was also a rematch of the 2011 final which Japan won on penalties. The United States won 5–2, winning its first title in sixteen years and becoming the first team to win three Women's World Cup finals.

<onlyinclude>

</onlyinclude>


Bedford Vehicles

Bedford Vehicles, usually shortened to just Bedford, was a brand of vehicle produced by Vauxhall Motors. It was ultimately owned by General Motors (GM). The brand was established in 1930 and built commercial vehicles. Bedford Vehicles was a leading international lorry brand. It had substantial export sales of light, medium, and heavy lorries throughout the world. It was GM Europe's most profitable venture for several years.

Bedford's core heavy trucks business was sold off as AWD Ltd in 1987 but the Bedford brand continued to be used on light commercial vehicles and car-derived vans based on Vauxhall/Opel, Isuzu and Suzuki designs. The brand was retired in 1991. After this, GM Europe's light commercial vehicles were branded as either Vauxhall or Opel, depending on the market.

Manish Sisodia

Manish Sisodia (born 5 January 1972) is an Indian politician. He has been the Deputy Chief Minister of Delhi since February 2015. He was a cabinet minister in the Government of Delhi between late December 2013 and February 2014. Sisodia was a social activist, journalist and a member of the National Executive Committee of the Aam Aadmi Party.

Sisodia is a son of a teacher. He started his career as a journalist. He hosted a program called "Zero Hour" for All India Radio in 1996 and then worked for Zee News as a news producer and reader between 1997-2005.

Sisodia became a member of Political Affairs Committee of Aam Aadmi Party. He was elected as a Member of the Legislative Assembly in December 2013 Delhi Assembly election. He was re-elected in the February 2015 Delhi Assembly election.



Schwanden

Schwanden can mean:

Chigny

Chigny can mean:


Franqueville

Franqueville may refer to several communes in France:

Aisne (disambiguation)

Aisne can mean:

Eure (disambiguation)

Eure can mean:


Dordogne (disambiguation)

Dordogne can mean:

Oise (disambiguation)

Oise is a department in the north of France.

Oise may also refer to:

2015 FIFA Women's World Cup Group E

Somme (disambiguation)

Somme can mean:

Gironde (disambiguation)

Gironde is a department in southwestern France.

Gironde may also refer to:


2015 FIFA Women's World Cup Group F

Aveyron (disambiguation)

Aveyron is a department in southern France.

Aveyron may also refer to:

Alfredo del Águila

Alfredo del Águila Estrella (3 January 1935 – 26 July 2018) was a Mexican football player. He was born in Mexico City.

He played for Mexico in the 1962 FIFA World Cup. He also played for Deportivo Toluca.

Del Águila died on 26 July 2018 at the age of 83.

Commerzbank

Commerzbank AG is a major German bank operating as a universal bank, headquartered in Frankfurt am Main. In the 2019 financial year, the bank was the second largest in Germany by the total value of its balance sheet. The bank is present in more than 50 countries around the world and provides almost a third of Germany's trade finance. In 2017, it handled 13 million customers in Germany and 5 million customers in Central and Eastern Europe. Commerzbank is a member of the Cash Group.
15% of the shares are owned by the Federal Republic of Germany and 85% are in free float.

The bank has been subject to several corruption investigations, paying $US1.5 billion in fines in 2015.

Loir (disambiguation)

Loir can mean:


Isère (disambiguation)

Isère can mean:

Sarthe (disambiguation)

Sarthe can mean:

Tarn (disambiguation)

Tarn can mean:


Marcel Amont

Marcel Amont (; born Marcel Jean-Pierre Balthazar Miramon ; 1 April 1929 – 8 March 2023) was a French singer and actor of the 1960s and 1970s. Amont also recorded in Occitan and promoted Bearn culture from the 1950s.

He was a singer of great artistic career, being one of the most popular in France, and the most prolific of the French language with many years of career. He has sold 300 million albums, has recorded 30 albums, 79 singles 126 ep, 11 compilations and about 1,000 songs in different languages (English, Italian, Portuguese, Chinese, German, Irish and Spanish).

He is famous for having performed songs by composers such as Georges Brassens, Léo Ferré and Georges Moustaki. Inspired by American pop and jazz in the style of Frank Sinatra, Tony Bennett and Andy Williams. He recorded international hits such as "Blue, bland, blond", "L'amour ça fait passer le temps", "Ballade pour l'espagnol", "Le plus beau tango du monde" and "Cathy, fais-moi danser". His famous song entitled "Le Mexicain" reached number 1 on the charts in France. He has also made movies and is director of soundtracks.
Marcel Amont married Tamara Vladimirovna Deiness in 1952 and divorced in 1959; He had three children, Pascual, Jean and Pierre. Amont died in Saint-Cloud on 8 March 2023, at the age of 93.<ref name="lefigaro_8/3/2023"></ref>

Phoenix Islands

The Phoenix Islands or Rawaki are a group of eight atolls and two submerged coral reefs, lying in the central Pacific Ocean east of the Gilbert Islands and west of the Line Islands. They are a part of the Republic of Kiribati.

Brian Kemp

Brian Porter Kemp (born November 2, 1963) is an American politician and businessman. He has been the 83rd Governor of Georgia since 2019.

Kemp was born in Athens, Georgia to a family that had been in politics for a long time. Some of his ancestors owned plantations with many slaves. He studied at University of Georgia.

As a member of the Republican Party he was a state senator from 2003 to 2007, then became the 27th Secretary of State of Georgia from January 2010 to November 2018.

Kemp was the Republican nominee in the 2018 Georgia gubernatorial election. He defeated Stacey Abrams in the general election in November 2018, but the election was controversial and many newspapers reported that he cheated.


Youth Parliament

The Youth Parliament is a youth organisation in India. Formed to develop skill and awareness among the youth. Members meet regularly to hold debates and plan campaigns.

Youth Parliament was launched in 2008 at Delhi. Annual Youth Parliament competitions are organized nationally.



Adem Demaçi

Adem Demaçi (26 February 1936 – 26 July 2018) was a Kosovo-Albanian politician, writer and activist. He was born in Podujevë, Yugoslavia. Demaçi was first arrested for his opposition to the authoritarian government of Josip Broz Tito in 1958, serving three years in prison. 

He was Chairman of the Council for the Defense of Human Rights and Freedoms of the People of Kosovo from 1991 to 1995. He was editor-in-chief of "Zëri", a magazine based in Prishtina, from 1991 to 1993. He was the president of the Parliamentary Party of Kosovo from 1996 to 1998.

Demaçi died in Prishtina, Kosovo on 26 July 2018 at the age of 82.

Mary Ellis

Mary Ellis (née Wilkins; 2 February 1917 – 24 July 2018) was a British ferry pilot. She was one of the last surviving British women pilots from the Second World War. She was born in Leafield, Oxfordshire. She fought with the Royal Air Force and the Air Transport Auxiliary.

Ellis died on 24 July 2018 in Sandown, Isle of Wight, aged 101.

Tony Cloninger

Tony Lee Cloninger (August 13, 1940 – July 24, 2018) was an American baseball player. He was born in Cherryville, North Carolina. Cloninger played in the Major League Baseball as a starting pitcher for the Milwaukee and Atlanta Braves (1961–68), the Cincinnati Reds (1968–71), and the St. Louis Cardinals (1972). 

Cloninger batted and threw right-handed. He also coached the New York Yankees from 1992 to 2001 and the Boston Red Sox from 2002 to 2003.

Cloninger died on July 24, 2018 in Denver, Colorado from an aortic dissection at the age of 77.

Cherryville, North Carolina

Cherryville is a small city in northwestern Gaston County, North Carolina, United States. The population was 6,078 at the 2020 census.

Cherryville is located about west of Charlotte and northwest of Gastonia.

Gastonia, North Carolina

Gastonia is the largest city and county seat of Gaston County, North Carolina, United States. The population was 80,411 at the 2020 Census.

It is part of the Charlotte metropolitan area.

Kane Tanaka

She is the second-oldest verified person (behind Jeanne Calment) and the oldest verified Japanese and Asian person ever, after passing the record of Nabi Tajima in September 2020.

Tanaka lived in Fukuoka Prefecture, Japan. She credited family, sleep and hope as her secrets for long age. She was married to Hideo Tanaka from 1922 until his death in 1993. They had five children Nobuo Tanaka, Etsuko Tanaka, Tsuneo Tanaka,Kazuko Tanaka, and her adopted daughter Haturo Tanaka 1922 to 1945.

She married Hideo Tanaka at age 19 and was in charge of an udon noodle shop when her husband and eldest son Nobuo were sent to fight in World War II. After the war, she and her husband became Christians and ran a rice shop together.

She lived through all five imperial reigns that make up modern day Japan, with the first, the Meiji era, having ended in 1912.

Tanaka said that she wanted to live to the age of 120, saying her faith in God, family, sleep, hope, eating good food, and practicing mathematics has helped her live a long life. Her long life along with that of Jeanne Calment and Sarah Knauss has created the debate that the maximum lifespan for humans could be 115–125 years.

Tanaka was supposed to hold the Olympic torch at the 2020 Summer Olympics, but decided not to because of an increase in COVID-19 cases in Japan.

Tanaka died in a hospital in Fukuoka, on 19 April 2022, nine days after becoming the second oldest verified person ever. Her death was announced on 25 April. Her funeral was held on 29 April 2022.



2018 Pakistani general election

Pakistanis go to the polls on Wednesday, July 25, to elect another National Assembly for a five-year term. But instead of prospectively celebrating the second peaceful transition of power from one civilian government to another—which in the case of Pakistan is an important marker indeed—the general mood among observers appears to be one of great concern.
General elections were held in Pakistan on 25 July 2018 to elect the members of the 15th National Assembly and to the four Provincial Assemblies of Pakistan. 

Most of the opinion polls suggested an overall Pakistan Muslim League (N) lead with Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf (PTI) being the close second. Many people are believing that the Pakistani courts and military are rigging the votes in favor of the PTI and against the PML (N).

Pakistan Tahreek e Insaaf party leader Imran Khan leads in early poll results despite calls of corruption. The allegations were denied by the Election Commission of Pakistan.

On July 27, election officials declared that Khan's party had won 109 of the 269 seats, giving PTI a majority in the National Assembly thus making Khan Prime Minister-elect. On August 15, Asad Qaiser elected as Speaker of the National Assembly of Pakistan and Qasim Suri as Deputy Speaker of the National Assembly of Pakistan. On August 17, Imran Khan elected as Prime Minister of Pakistan

Synthetic material

Synthetic materials are created by people through chemical engineering. This differentiates them from natural materials, such as wood. The raw materials (such as oil) used for the production of many synthetic materials come from nature.

The best-known synthetic materials are plastics, derived from polymers.


Raymond Cruz

Raymond Cruz (born July 9, 1961) is an American actor. He is best known for his roles as Detective Julio Sanchez in the police procedural "The Closer" and its spin-off "Major Crimes", and as the drug lord Tuco Salamanca in the crime drama "Breaking Bad" and its spin-off "Better Call Saul". He has also appeared in the movies "Under Siege" (1992), "Clear and Present Danger" (1994), "The Substitute" (1996), "" (1997) and "Training Day" (2001).

Cruz was born in Los Angeles, California. He is of Mexican ancestry. He is married to Simi Cruz.

Sila María Calderón

Sila María Calderón Serra (born September 23, 1942) is a Puerto Rican politician and businesswoman. She was the eighth Governor of Puerto Rico from 2001 to 2005. She was the first, and as of 2021, the only woman elected to that office.

Calderón was born in San Juan, Puerto Rico.

List of female governors in the United States

As of 2018, more than forty women were Governors of U.S. States or Puerto Rico. They had been state or U.S. territory Governors.

Past United States Governors include Nellie Tayloe Ross, Ella T. Grasso, Judy Martz, Kay A. Orr, Barbara Roberts and Ann Richards.

States that have never had a female Governor are: Arkansas, California, Colorado, Florida, Georgia, Idaho, Illinois, Indiana, Maryland, Minnesota, Mississippi, Missouri, Nevada, New York, North Dakota, Pennsylvania, Tennessee, Virginia, West Virginia and Wisconsin.

As of 2019, the states of Alabama, Iowa, Kansas, Maine, Michigan, New Mexico, Oregon, Rhode Island, South Dakota, the territories of Guam and Puerto Rico, and the District of Columbia all have female Governors or executives.

Komi Sélom Klassou

Komi Sélom Klassou (born February 10, 1960) is a Togolese politician. He was the Prime Minister of Togo from 2015 to 2020.

He was born in the commune of Notsé, in Haho. He has a university degree in geography and is a doctor in hydro-climatology.

He occupied the ministries of Culture, Youth, Sport and Education and then vice-presidency of the National Assembly before being appointed Prime Minister on June 5, 2015, by President Faure Gnassingbé, following the presidential election. He formed his government of 22 members (including 4 women) after his election and made the list public on June 28, 2015.

Taneti Maamau

Taneti Mamau (born 16 September 1960) is the President of Kiribati since 11 March 2016.

Kay A. Orr

Kay A. Orr (born January 2, 1939) was an American politician. She was born in Burlington, Iowa. Orr was the 36th Governor of Nebraska from 1987 to 1991. She is a member of the Republican Party.


César Villanueva

César Villanueva Arévalo (born August 5, 1946) is a Peruvian politician. He was the Prime Minister of Peru from April 2018 through March 2019, and previously served as Prime Minister from 2013 to 2014. On 26 November 2019, he was arrested preventatively, while being investigated for alleged influence peddling in a bribery case linked to Brazilian construction giant Odebrecht.

Rockport, Massachusetts

Rockport is a town in Essex County, Massachusetts, United States. The population was 6,992 at the 2020 census. Rockport is located near northeast of Boston.

Saulius Skvernelis

Saulius Skvernelis (born 23 July 1970) is a Lithuanian politician. He was the Prime Minister of Lithuania from 2016 until 2020. He is also a member of the Seimas. Previously he served as police commissioner, and he was Minister of the Interior from 2014 to 2016.

Rockport

Rockport can mean:

Rock Port, Missouri

Rock Port is a city in the U.S. state of Missouri. It is the county seat of Atchison County. In 2020, 1,278 people lived there.

Nièvre (disambiguation)

Nièvre can mean:

Orne (disambiguation)

Orne can mean:

Loiret (disambiguation)

Loiret can mean:

Ardèche (disambiguation)

Ardèche can mean:

Ain (disambiguation)

Ain can mean:

Seine (disambiguation)

The Seine is a river in France.

Seine may also refer to:

Cantal (disambiguation)

Cantal, a department in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region in south-central France

Cantal may also refer to:

Moselle (disambiguation)

Moselle can mean:

Meurthe

Meurthe can mean:

Essonne (disambiguation)

Essonne can mean:

Bonningues

Bonningues is the name of two communes in Pas-de-Calais:

Gommecourt

Gommecourt is the name of two communes in France:

Grenay

Grenay is the name of two communes in France:

Grigny

Grigny is the name of three communes in France:

Éterpigny

Éterpigny is the name of two communes in France:

Héricourt

Héricourt may refer to:


Menneville

Menneville is the name of two communes in France:

Méricourt

Méricourt is the name of several communes in France:

Marquay

Marquay is the name of two communes in France:

Rocquigny

Rocquigny is the name of three communes in France:


Moyenneville

Moyenneville is the name of three communes in France:

Senlis (disambiguation)

Senlis is a commune in the Oise department of France.

Senlis may also refer to:

Sainte-Austreberthe

Sainte-Austreberthe ("Saint Austrebertha") is the name of two communes in France:

Ramecourt

Ramecourt is the name of two communes in France:

Altdorf

Altdorf, German for "old village", can mean: 

In France:

In Germany:

In Switzerland:

In Poland (German name):


Faramans

Faramans is the name of two communes in France:

Cuzieu

Cuzieu is the name of two communes in France:

Lapeyrouse

Lapeyrouse is the name of several communes in France:

La Sagne

La Sagne is a municipality in La Chaux-de-Fonds in the canton of Neuchâtel in Switzerland.

The municipality is in the eastern part of the Vallée de La Sagne et des Ponts-de-Martel.

John Banks Elliott

John Banks Elliott (9 February 1917 – 18 July 2018) was a Ghanaian diplomat and statesman. He was Ghana's first Ambassador to the Soviet Union, from 1960 to 1966. He was born in Cape Coast, Ghana.

Elliott died of cardiopulmonary arrest in Accra on 18 July 2018 at the age of 101.

María Concepción César

María Concepción César (born María Concepción Cesarano; 25 October 1926 – 26 July 2018) was an Argentine actress, singer and dancer. Her first movie was "Pampa Bárbara" with her uncle, actor Francisco Petrone. Her best known movies are "Savage Pampas" (1945) and "Rosaura a las 10" (1958). She was born in Buenos Aires.

César died of complications from Alzheimer's disease on 27 July 2018 in Buenos Aires at the age of 91.

Aloyzas Kveinys

Aloyzas Kveinys (9 July 1962 — 26 July 2018) was a Lithuanian chess player. He was awarded the Grandmaster title in 1992. He was born in Mažeikiai, Lithuania.

Kveinys was awarded the Soviet Master of Sport title for chess in 1981. He won the Lithuanian championship 5 times: in 1983 (shared with Eduardas Rozentalis), 1986, 2001 (shared with Šarūnas Šulskis), 2008 and 2012. In 2010 he won a tournament in Moss, Norway.

Marco Aurelio Denegri

Marco Aurelio Denegri Santagadea (16 May 1938 – 27 July 2018) was a Peruvian intellectual, literature critic and sexologist. He made many important works to the linguistics of Spanish.

During the 1970s, Denegri was the director of the magazine "Revista Científica y Artística de Cultural Sexual - Fáscinum". Its first issue was published in April 1972. From 1997 to 2000 he hosted the TV show "A solas con Marco Aurelio Denegri" on cable channel Cable Mágico Cultural.


Abdul El-Sayed

Abdulrahman Mohamed El-Sayed (born October 31, 1984), known as Abdul El-Sayed, is an American politician. He is a candidate for Governor of Michigan, running as a Democrat. El-Sayed is an Executive Director of the Detroit Health Department and Health Officer for the City of Detroit from 2015 to 2017. His essays on public health policy have also been published in "The New York Times",

On February 9, 2017, the "Detroit News" reported that El-Sayed would resign as health director to run for governor of Michigan in the 2018 Democratic Party primary.

El-Sayed has received support from many politicians and groups, including Senator Bernie Sanders, Democratic congressional nominee Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez, Women's March Organizer Linda Sarsour, and by Our Revolution.

Vladimir Voinovich

Vladimir Nikolayevich Voinovich, also spelled Voynovich (, 26 September 1932 – 27 July 2018) was a Russian writer, poet, playwright and journalist. He was a member of the Serbian Academy of Sciences and Arts in Department of Language and Literature. He was known for his works "The Life and Extraordinary Adventures of Private Ivan Chonkin" (1969–2007), "Moscow 2042" (1986) and "Monumental Propaganda" (2000). Voinvich was born in Stalinabad, Tajik SSR.

Voinovich died in Moscow on 27 July 2018 from a heart attack at the age of 85.

Multiple-camera setup

The multiple-camera setup, multiple-camera mode of production, multi-camera or simply multicam is a method of filmmaking and video production. Several cameras-either movie or professional video cameras-are employed on the test simultaneously record or broadcast a scene. It is often contrasted with single-camera setup, which uses one camera.

2016 United States presidential election in Connecticut

The 2016 United States presidential election in Connecticut was held on 8 November 2016. It was part of the 2016 United States presidential election, in which all other states plus the District of Columbia voted.

In the presidential election, Hillary Clinton defeated Donald Trump and received 7 electoral votes.

Below is a table with the polling results in Connecticut. Connecticut has voted Democrat in the general election since 1992.

The Democratic primary occurred on 26 April 2016.

The Republican primary occurred on 26 April 2016.



Yubeshi

Yubeshi is a kind of japanese confection ("sweets"). Yubeshi is made in different shapes. Usually it is made with rice or rice flour, some nuts and a citrus fruit, often Yuzu. Walnuts are commonly used. Making Yubeshi is a lot of work.

Heptane

Heptane is an organic compound with the chemical formula . It is an alkane with seven carbon atoms. It is used in fuels and is in gasoline.

Hexane

Hexane is an organic compound with the chemical formula . It is an alkane with 6 carbon atoms. "Hexane" can mean any of the 5 structural isomers (meaning compounds with the same chemical formula but a different shape) it has. IUPAC naming says that "hexane" only means the isomer with no branches, with the other 4 having different names.

Hexane is often part of modern gasoline. Pure hexane has no color and is quite unreactive.

Adam Gregg

Adam Gregg (born April 26, 1983) is an American politician. He is the 47th Lieutenant Governor of Iowa since 2019. From 2017 to 2019, he was acting Lieutenant Governor of Iowa. Gregg was the Republican nominee for attorney general in 2014. He is a member of the Republican Party.

Gregg was born in Hawarden, Iowa. He studied at Central College and at Drake University Law School. Gregg is a former Public Defender of Iowa.

Enceladus

Enceladus is one of the Giants of Greek mythology.

Wave speed

Wave speed is a wave property which may mean only one of several things:

which may refer to absolute value of:

Phase velocity

The phase velocity of a wave is the rate at which the phase of any one frequency component of the wave travels.

Any given phase of the wave (for example, the crest) will appear to travel at the phase velocity. The phase velocity is given in terms of the wavelength (lambda) and wave period as

2014 FIFA World Cup Final

The 2014 FIFA World Cup Final was a football match that took place on 13 July 2014 at the Maracanã Stadium in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil to determine the 2014 FIFA World Cup champion. Germany defeated Argentina 1–0 in extra time, with the only goal being scored by Mario Götze. The match was the third final between the two countries, a World Cup record, after their 1986 and 1990 matches, and billed as the world's best player (Lionel Messi) versus the world's best team (Germany).

<section begin=Final /><section end=Final />
<section begin=Lineups />

</includeonly><section end=Lineups />
Match rules:

2019 FIFA Women's World Cup Final

The 2019 FIFA Women's World Cup Final is a future football match to decide the winner of the 2019 FIFA Women's World Cup. It will be the eighth time the final is played for the FIFA Women's World Cup, a tournament for women's teams of the member countries of FIFA. The match will be played at the Parc Olympique Lyonnais in Décines-Charpieu, France, on 7 July 2019 between the United States, the champions last time, and the Netherlands, in their first final. The United States won 2–0, earning their second consecutive and fourth overall Women's World Cup title, with second-half goals scored by co-captain Megan Rapinoe from the penalty spot and Rose Lavelle.

Both teams are the reigning winners of their confederation, with the United States having won the 2018 CONCACAF Women's Championship and the Netherlands having won UEFA Women's Euro 2017.

<section begin=final /><section end=final />
<section begin=line-ups />

</includeonly><section end=line-ups />
Match rules

East West Rail

East West Rail is a major project to "establish a strategic railway connecting East Anglia with Central, Southern and Western England". 

In particular, it plans to build (or rebuild) a new line linking Oxford and Cambridge via Bicester, Milton Keynes (at Bletchley) and Bedford. It will largely use existing (but closed) railway lines. It will provides a route between any or all of the Great Western, Chiltern, West Coast, Midland, East Coast, West Anglia and Great Eastern main lines, avoiding London. The new line will provide a route for potential new services between and Ipswich or Norwich via , Didcot and Ely, using existing onward lines. The western section from Oxford to Bedford was approved by the Government in November 2011, with completion of this section expected by 2025. 

The segment from Oxford via Bicester Village to the junction with the Chiltern Main Line became operational in December 2016. Electrification of the line is not planned.

The plan is divided into three sections:

Kora Jackowska

Kora Aleksandra Jackowska (Sipowicz) (8 June 1951 – 28 July 2018) was a Polish singer, musician, composer, voice actress and TV presenter. She was born in Kraków, Poland. She was the lead singer of the Polish rock band Maanam. Jackowska was the voice of Edna Mode in the Polish language dub of "The Incredibles".

Jackowska died from ovarian cancer in Bliżów, Poland on 28 July 2018, at the age of 67. She was diagnosed with the disease in 2013.

Bruce Lietzke

Bruce Alan Lietzke (July 18, 1951 – July 28, 2018) was an American professional golfer. He was born in Kansas City, Missouri. He won 13 tournaments on the PGA Tour between 1977 and 1994, including two victories in the Canadian Open. 

His best finish in a major championship was at the 1991 PGA Championship where he finished second behind John Daly. He had seven victories on the Champions Tour. He played in the 1981 Ryder Cup.

In April 2017 Lietzke was diagnosed with an aggressive form of brain cancer. He died from the disease on July 28, 2018 in Athens, Texas, aged 67.


Theodore Edgar McCarrick

Theodore Edgar McCarrick (born July 7, 1930) is a retired American archbishop and former cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church. He was the Archbishop of Washington D.C. from 2001 to 2006, and was promoted to cardinalate in 2001. From 1986 to 2000, he was the Archdoicese of Newark.

McCarrick was born in New York City. He studied in Switzerland before transferring to Fordham University.

In June 2018, McCarrick was removed from the public ministry by Pope Francis after it was discovered that McCarrick sexually abused a 16 year old boy in New York years ago. A few days later, three more men accused McCarrick of sexual abuse. A month later, another man from New Jersey accused McCarrick of sexual abuse.

On July 27, 2018, Pope Francis ordered McCarrick to observe "a life of prayer" and accepted his resignation from the College of Cardinals. McCarrick became the first person to resign from the College of Cardinals since 1927 and the first cardinal to resign following allegations of sexual abuse.

In August 2023, a judge said McCarrick was not fit to stand trial because it is believed McCarrick has dementia.

Ibrahim Boubacar Keïta

Ibrahim Boubacar Keïta (29 January 1945 – 16 January 2022), or as he is often known, IBK, was a Malian politician. He was the President of Mali from 2013 to 2020. He was the Prime Minister of Mali from 1994 to 2000. He was he President of the National Assembly of Mali from 2002 to 2007.

In August 2020, he was taken hostage by a military coup and later resigned.

Keïta died on 16 January 2022 at his home in Bamako, Mali at the age of 76.

Roger Etchegaray

Roger Marie Élie Etchegaray (; 25 September 1922 – 4 September 2019) was a French cardinal of the Latin Church of the Catholic Church. He was born in Espelette/Ezpeleta, Pyrénées-Atlantiques.

Etchegaray was the archbishop of Marseille from 1970 to 1985 before entering the Roman Curia, where he was President of the Pontifical Council for Justice and Peace (1984–1998) and President of the Pontifical Council "Cor Unum" (1984–1995). He was promoted to the rank of cardinal in 1979.

On 24 December 2009 he was seriously injured in an unsuccessful attack on Pope Benedict XVI and was hospitalized with broken bones. In 2015, Cardinal Etchegaray fell in St. Peter's Basilica during Mass while greeting Pope Francis and broke his leg for the second time.

Etchegaray was the oldest living cardinal for one day upon the death of José de Jesús Pimiento Rodríguez on 3 September 2019. He died the next day on 4 September 2019 in Cambo-les-Bains, France at the age of 96.

José Saraiva Martins

José Saraiva Martins, C.M.F., GCC (born 6 January 1932) is a Portuguese Cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church. He is the Prefect Emeritus of the Congregation for the Causes of Saints, having was prefect from 1998 to 2008.

On 9 July 2008, Pope Benedict XVI accepted his resignation as prefect to be succeeded by Angelo Amato.

Michael Michai Kitbunchu

Michael Michai Kitbunchu (; born 25 January 1929) is a Thai prelate of the Roman Catholic Church. He was Archbishop of Bangkok from 1973 to 2009 and was promoted to the cardinalate in 1983. He has been the Protopriest of the College of Cardinals since 14 December 2016.

Carme Forcadell

Maria Carme Forcadell i Lluís (born 29 May 1955) is a Catalan politician. She was the president of the Parliament of Catalonia (2015-2018). She was the Councilor of Sabadell City Council (2003-2007), and president of the Catalan National Assembly (2012-2015).

Carme Forcadell was born in 1956 in Xerta, a small village in Baix Ebre, on the coast of southern Catalonia, Spain. She studied philosophy and journalism at the Universitat Autònoma, and received a master's degree in Catalan philology. She worked as a teacher in the city of Sabadell, where she met her husband, a computer specialist. They have two children.

Forcadell entered politics in 1999, when she joined the ERC (Esquerra Republicana). In 2003 she became councilor of the municipal government of Sabadell, led by mayor Manuel Bustos. Later, she became the president of the Catalan National Assembly.

Forcadell was speaker of the Catalan Parliament from 2015 until after the 2017 election. As a result of the Catalan campaign for independence and the referendum held on October 1st, 2017, she was put in the Spanish prison of Alcalá-Mecoprison.

In July 2018 she was transferred to the Mas d’Enric prison near Tarragona in Catalonia. She was escorted by the Catalan police Mossos d’Esquadra, under the control of the Catalan government. Crowds formed a human chain on the road leading to the prison and covered the fences with yellow ribbons. The prison has green rooftops, large courtyards, and a view of the nearby forests and mountains. It was designed by architects AiB Estudi d'Arquitectes and Estudi PSP Arquitectura to create a "non-oppressive environment".

Miss Earth 2018

Miss Earth 2018 is the 18th edition of the Miss Earth pageant. Karen Ibasco of the Philippines crowned Nguyễn Phương Khánh of Vietnam on November 3, 2018.


Single-camera setup

The single-camera setup, or single-camera mode of production, also known as Portable Single camera is a method of filmmaking and video production.

The single-camera setup originally developed during the birth of the Classic Hollywood Cinema in the 1910s and has remained the standard mode of production for cinema; in television, both single cameras and multiple-camera productions are common.

Kylian Mbappé

Kylian Mbappé Lottin (; born 20 December 1998) is a French professional footballer. He plays as a forward for Paris Saint-Germain and the France national team. At the age of 19, he has been marked the best young player in the world.

Mbappé made his senior debut for France in 2017. Before that he was representing them at under-17 and under-19 levels. At the 2018 FIFA World Cup, Kylian Mbappé became the youngest French player to score at a World Cup. He also became the second teenager, after Pelé, to score in a World Cup Final. France won the tournament and he was the second-highest goalscorer. He received the Best Young Player Award for his performances.

In July 2023, the chief of the Paris Saint-Germain football club said that the club is interested in having Mbappé make an extension to his contract (or make his contract longer). If that does not happen, the club wants Mbappé to transfer to another team, so that PSG can get a transfer fee. His contract will be finished by June 2024.

As of August 13, the club gave him permission to train with the (club's) top team.

[The French supercup final in 2024, was on January 4 and] some time after that final, Mbappé was quoted (by media) in regard to Mbappé having a personal agreement with the president of PSG; That president confirmed [information].

Athens, Texas

Athens is a city in Henderson County, Texas, in the United States. As of the 2020 census, the city population was 12,857. It is the county seat of Henderson County. It was named after Athens, Alabama, by one of the early residents who came from there.

Athens has 12,857 people living there.

Frank Sutton

Frank Spencer Sutton (October 23, 1923 – June 28, 1974) was an American actor. He was born in Clarksville, Tennessee. He was best known for his role as Gunnery Sergeant Vince Carter on the CBS television series "Gomer Pyle, U.S.M.C.". He enlisted in the U.S. Army during World War II.

Sutton died of a heart attack on June 28, 1974 in Shreveport, Louisiana at the age of 50.


Lynn, Massachusetts

Lynn is a city in Massachusetts and the largest city in Essex County. It is near the Atlantic Ocean, north of the Boston city line at Suffolk Downs.

Swampscott, Massachusetts

Swampscott is a town in Essex County, Massachusetts, United States. It is located up the coast from Boston in an area known as the North Shore. The population was 15,111 as of the 2020 United States Census.

Essex County, Massachusetts

Essex County is a county in the northeastern part of the state of Massachusetts. As of the 2020 census, the total population was 809,829. It is the third-most populous county in the state. It is part of the Greater Boston area (the Boston–Cambridge–Newton, MA–NH Metropolitan Statistical Area). 

The largest city in Essex County is Lynn. The county was named after the English county of Essex. It has two traditional county seats: Salem and Lawrence.

Escondido, California

Escondido ( ) is a city located in San Diego County's North County region, northeast of Downtown San Diego, California. Created in 1888, it is one of the oldest cities in San Diego County. The city had a population of 151,038 in 2020.

DeKalb County, Illinois

DeKalb County is a county located in the state of Illinois. As of the 2020 census, the population was 100,420. Its county seat is Sycamore.

DeKalb County is part of the Chicago-Naperville-Elgin, IL-IN-WI Metropolitan Statistical Area.

Kankakee County, Illinois

Kankakee County is a county located in the state of Illinois. In the 2020 census, it has a population of 107,502. Its county seat is Kankakee.

Kankakee County comprises the Kankakee, IL Metropolitan Statistical Area.

Mettawa, Illinois

Mettawa is a village in Lake County, Illinois, United States. It is dedicated to preserving open lands and low-density residential development. As of the 2020 census, it had a population of 533.

Harris Tweed

Harris Tweed is a tweed cloth that is handwoven by islanders at their homes in the Outer Hebrides of Scotland, finished in the Outer Hebrides, and made from pure virgin wool dyed and spun in the Outer Hebrides. This definition, quality standards and protection of the Harris Tweed name are set out in the Harris Tweed Act 1993.

This manufacture protects the reputation of a cloth which is famous for being wind-resistant.

Tweed (cloth)

Tweed is a rough, woollen fabric, usually with a plain weave, twill or herringbone pattern. Colour effects in the yarn are got by mixing dyed wool before it is spun.

Tweeds are an icon of traditional Scottish and Irish clothing. It is good for informal outerwear, because the material is moisture-resistant and long-lasting. Tweeds are made to withstand harsh climates. They are worn for outdoor activities such as shooting and hunting. In Ireland, most tweed making is done in County Donegal. In Scotland tweed associated with the Isle of Harris. 


I Feel It Coming

"I Feel It Coming" is a 2016 song by Canadian singer-songwriter the Weeknd featuring French electronic duo Daft Punk and is the second single from his third studio album "Starboy". It topped the single charts in France. It also went to the top 10 in Argentina, Australia, Belgium, Canada, the Czech Republic, Denmark, Ecuador, Hungary, Ireland, Israel, Lebanon, Mexico, the Netherlands, New Zealand, Norway, Poland, Portugal, Slovakia, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, the United Kingdom and the United States.

Nath

Nath Sect (Nath Sampradaya in Hindi) is a religious sect under the "Shaiva sect" of Hinduism. Believed to be started with the origin of mythical god & incarnation of God Shiva "Dattatrey". Dattatrey is believed to be the founder or the "Aadi Guru" (first teacher) of the Nath sect. The Nath sect is a tradition which indulges and practices many types of magical traditions like Tantras (sorcery), Mantras (spells), Siddha (yoga) etc. It is believed that Gorakhnath was also a saint from this clan. He added many new traditions into this tradition like Siddha Yoga. Naths are also associated with "Naga Sadhus" believed to be the saints of highest ranks. Naths have the highest prominence in the Saints hierarchy. Gorakhnath (believed to be the last in Nath sect) himself was a incarnation of Shiva with many powers and the knowledge of wide ranges of bewitchment, mesmerism, spells, spellbinding, and sorcery. Presently these types of practices are common mainly in Uttarakhand, Uttar Pradesh and West Bengal. Someone who masters this type of practices can also be called a "Tantrik".

Emily Rios

Emily Clara Rios (born April 27, 1989) is an American actress and model. She is best known for her roles as Andrea Cantillo on the AMC series "Breaking Bad" and Adriana Mendez on the FX series "The Bridge". She had a starring role in the movie "Quinceañera" (2006). She has also had roles in the television series "ER", "House", "The Closer", "Grimm", "Criminal Minds" and "Snowfall".

Rios was born in Los Angeles, California. She is the daughter of Mexican parents. She grew up in El Monte, California.

James Rivière

James Rivière (pseudonym of Vincenzo Teora Rivière) (born 1949) is an Italian artist, designer, and sculptor. He is particularly known for his jewellery designs, which are held in private collections and museums, including the Louvre, Victoria and Albert, and Vatican Museums.


James Rivière's creations include the fields of sculpture, painting, industrial design, fashion and architecture, however jewellery is his most important form of expression. He won the jewellery category of the Triennale di Milano in 1972 and 1973. A few examples of his creations are:





Brickhouse Brown

Frederick Seawright (August 11, 1960 – July 29, 2018) was an American professional wrestler, better known by his ring name Brickhouse Brown. He was born in Wilmington, Delaware. He was a top heel in Southern promotions in the 1980s and 1990s. 

In March 1987, Brown went to Memphis, Tennessee to wrestling for Championship Wrestling Association. In April 1990, he won the USWA World Tag Team Championship with Sweet Daddy Falcone, defeating The Southern Rockers. 

Brown was diagnosed with prostate cancer in April 2017. He died on July 29, 2018 from the disease in Jackson, Mississippi at the age of 57.

Brian Christopher

Brian Christopher Lawler (January 10, 1972 – July 29, 2018) was an American professional wrestler. He was the son of professional wrestler Jerry "The King" Lawler. He was best known for his career in World Wrestling Entertainment, where he performed as Grand Master Sexay as one-half of the tag team Too Cool with Scotty 2 Hotty. 

In July 2018, he was arrested for a DUI and evading police in Memphis. On July 28, 2018, Christopher was found hanging at his jail cell. He was placed on life-support. He died the next day, aged 46.


Geraint Thomas

Geraint Howell Thomas, MBE (born 25 May 1986) is a professional racing cyclist who rides for the UCI WorldTeam , Wales and United Kingdom.

Thomas has enjoyed success both on the track and on the road. On the track he was a specialist in the team pursuit. He won three world championships and was Olympic gold medalist twice, in 2008 and 2012. Thomas had an early success on the road at the 2004 Paris–Roubaix Juniors and later had senior victories at the 2010 British National Road Race Championships, the 2014 Commonwealth Games road race and his first classic, the 2015 E3 Harelbeke. He has also had a number of stage race overall victories; including the 2011 and 2014 Bayern-Rundfahrt, the 2016 Paris–Nice, the 2017 Tour of the Alps and the 2018 Critérium du Dauphiné.
Thomas won the first stage of 2017 Tour de France, an individual time trial, to become the first Welshman, and only the eighth cyclist from the United Kingdom, to wear the yellow jersey at the Tour de France. On stage 9, when placed second overall, he crashed on a descent and broke his collarbone, forcing him to withdraw from the race.

In the 2018 Tour de France, Thomas took the yellow jersey after winning stage 11, extended his lead after winning stage 12, and retained the lead for the remainder of the event, becoming the third British (and the first British born) cyclist, after Bradley Wiggins and Chris Froome, and the first Welshman, to win the Tour de France.

Matthew Daddario

Matthew Quincy Daddario (born October 1, 1987) is an American actor. He is best known for his role as Alec Lightwood on the Freeform television series "Shadowhunters" (2016–present). He is the brother of actress Alexandra Daddario. 

Daddario was born in New York City. He studied at Indiana University Bloomington.

Tazito Garcia

Tazito Garcia is a Canadian actor based in Toronto. Garcia is best known for playing roles as Axel on an action-comedy movie "First Bust (2015)" and General Sevchenko on the movie "Battlefield: Divided We Stand". In 2015, he won an "Award of Excellence" in the Canada International Film Festival.

Garcia moved to Toronto in 2002 to pursue his career. In 2008, he appeared on a TV Movie "National Geographic Inside: Manhunt". In 2011, he directed and starred in a thriller movie "The Briefcase", which earned him the "Breakout Male Action Star" at the AOF International Film Festival held in Los Angeles. According to IMDB, in 2012, Garcia was cast in the lead role of the TV drama series "Resist666 (2012"). Subsequently, he was assigned as a stunt performer for 2 episodes of the "Resist666 (2012)".

In 2016, Garcia starred in a Chinese action movie "Lost in the Pacific (2016)", where Garcia was the only Canadian actor selected to team up with the international cast.



Manos Eleutheriou

Manos Eleutheriou (; 12 March 1938 – 22 July 2018) was a Greek poet, lyricist and prose writer. He had written poetry collections, short stories, a novel, two novels and more than 400 songs. At the same time he worked as a columnist, publishing editor, illustrator and radio producer.

In 1962, at the age of 24, he published his first poetic collection, "Sinoikismos". At the same time, he wrote the lyrics for "The train leaves at 8:00", which Mikis Theodorakis later toured. In October 1963 he began working at "Reader's Digest".

Eleutheriou died on 22 July 2018 in Athens from a heart attack, aged 80.

Oliver Dragojević

Oliver Dragojević (7 December 1947 – 29 July 2018) was a Croatian pop singer-songwriter. He was born in Split, Croatia. He was thought to be one of the most well known musical stars and cultural icons in Croatia. His career lasted for forty years. 

His style blends traditional klapa melodies of Dalmatia with jazz motifs wrapped up in a modern production. He was one of the few Croatian musicians who has performed at major locations such as Carnegie Hall, Royal Albert Hall, Olympia (Paris) and Sydney Opera House.

On 29 July 2018, Dragojević died from lung cancer in Split, aged 70.

Tomasz Stańko

Tomasz Ludwik Stańko (11 July 1942 – 29 July 2018) was a Polish trumpeter and composer. His work is described as free jazz and the avant-garde. He was born in Rzeszów, Poland. From 1984 he was a member of Cecil Taylor's big band.

He was known for his work with pianist Krzysztof Komeda on Komeda's album "Astigmatic", recorded in early 1965. In 1968 Stańko formed a quintet that included Zbigniew Seifert on violin and alto saxophone, and in 1975 he formed the Tomasz Stańko-Adam Makowicz Unit.

Stańko died in Warsaw on 29 July 2018 from lung cancer, aged 76.

Vibeke Skofterud

Vibeke Westbye Skofterud (20 April 1980 – 29 July 2018) was a Norwegian cross country skier. Skofterud was born in Askim, Norway. She won gold in the 4 x 5 km relay at Vancouver in 2010. Her best individual finish at the Winter Olympics was 8th in the 30 km event at Salt Lake City in 2002.

In 2008, Skofterud said she was openly lesbian. She suffered from eating disorders.

Skofterud was killed in a jet skiing accident on 29 July 2018 in Arendal, Norway, aged 38.


Jet Ski

Jet Ski is the brand name of a personal water craft (PWC) made by Kawasaki, a Japanese company. The term is often used in general to describe any type of personal watercraft used mainly for recreation. They were invented by Clayton Jacobson II.

Askim

Askim is a town and a municipality in Østfold county, Norway. The centre of the municipality is the town of Askim. Askim was created as a municipality on 1 January 1838. Askim is the largest population centre in Indre Østfold with 15,315 people living here (2012).

It lies next to the longest river in Norway, Glomma, which forms the border with Spydeberg to the north and west, and Skiptvet to the south.


Catherine Breillat

Catherine Breillat (born 13 July 1948) is a French movie-maker and novelist. She tries to normalize previously taboo subjects in cinema.

Breillat is known for movies that are about sexuality, relationships between men and women, intimacy and sibling rivalry. Her movies are part of the "New French Extremity", which uses violence and sexuality in shocking ways.

Breillat was born in Bressuire, France.

Steve Angello

Steve Angello (aka Steve Josfesson Fragogiannis) is part quartet The Swedish House Mafia together with Eric Prydz, Sebastian Ingrosso and Axwell. He is a world-famous House producer, remixer and DJ, and currently is the co-owner of Size Records.

Steve Angello grew up in a crime family in Athens, and watched his father die at 13 years of age. Determined not to follow the family's criminal traditions, music took the better of him. He started out as a Turntablist fusing hip-hop, breakbeats and 70's classics, in the club life of Stockholm.

Chris Lake

Chris Lake is a DJ/producer who first became recognized for his remixes of The Prodigy's "Climbatize", Leftfield's "Phat Planet", and The Eurythmics "Sweet Dreams". Since then, he has released many singles on labels such as Lost Language and 3 Beat Breaks. He also founded his own label, Cuba Recordings.

Jillian Michaels

Jillian Michaels (born February 18, 1974) is an American writer, businesswoman, personal trainer and television personality. She is best known for her appearances on NBC, in particular, "The Biggest Loser". "The Biggest Loser" began in October 2004. Michaels was also on the related TV series "Losing it with Jillian".

Michaels was born in Los Angeles, California.

Laidback Luke

Lucas Cornelis van Scheppingen (born 22 October 1976), better known under his stage name Laidback Luke, is a Dutch DJ and music producer from Hoofddorp, North Holland. He was born in Manila, Philippines. He is also a martial artist. He remixed the song "Show Me Love" by Robin S. which charted at #11 on the UK charts in 2009.

In 2012, Laidback Luke was nominated for the best European DJ award from the 27th Dance Music Awards. He appeared in the documentary movie "I'll Sleep When I'm Dead". The movie was nominated for Grammy Award.

Wake Me Up!

"Wake Me Up" is a song by Swedish DJ and record producer Avicii. It was released as the lead single from his debut studio album "True". It was written by Avicii, Mike Einziger, and Aloe Blacc. American soul singer Aloe Blacc provides vocals for the track

Scott County, Iowa

Scott County is a county in the U.S. state of Iowa. Cities in the county include Davenport, Bettendorf and Eldridge. Scott County is part of the Quad Cities area of southeastern Iowa and northwestern Illinois.

List of governors of Missouri

This is a list of governors of Missouri since its territory became part of the United States.

Thirty-eight of the governors have been Democratic. Fifteen have been Republican. One has been Liberal Republican.


The most recent Governor to die was Joseph P. Teasdale (1936–2014). The most recently serving United States Governor of Missouri to die was Mel Carnahan (1934–2000). The oldest living Governor or former Governor of Missouri is Kit Bond (born 1939).

Gonzales, Texas

Gonzales is a city in the U.S. state of Texas. The population was 7,165 at the 2020 census. It is the county seat of Gonzales County.

Van Wert, Ohio

Van Wert is a city in and the county seat of Van Wert County, Ohio, United States. The city is in northwestern Ohio about 77 mi (123 km) SW of Toledo and 34 mi (54 km) SE of Fort Wayne, Indiana. The population was 11,092 at the 2020 census.

Medina, Ohio

Medina is a city in Ohio in the United States. It is the county seat of Medina County.

Medina is about 33 mi (53 km) south of Cleveland and 23 mi (37 km) west of Akron.

Medina County

Medina County is the name of two counties in the United States:

Cebuano (disambiguation)

Cebuano may refer to:

Van Wert

Van Wert may refer to:

Gers (disambiguation)


Rumilly

Rumilly is the name of several communes in France:

Famechon

Famechon is the name of two communes in France:

Léchelle

Léchelle is the name of two communes in France:


Thièvres

Thièvres is the name of two communes in France:

Croisilles

Croisilles may refer to several communes in France:

Barly

Barly is the name of two communes in France:

Armancourt

Armancourt is the name of two communes in France:

Comprehensive Anti-Apartheid Act

The Comprehensive Anti-Apartheid Act of 1986 was a law created by the United States Congress. The law would make sanctions against South Africa and stated five conditions for lifting the sanctions that would end the system of apartheid. Most of the sanctions were repealed in July 1991 after South Africa took steps towards meeting the conditions of the act, with the very few last ones repealed in November 1993.

President Ronald Reagan was against the bill saying that it would cause an "economic war". He vetoed the bill, but was the veto was overriden by both Republicans and Democrats.

Isère (river)

"For other uses, see" Isère (disambiguation)
Isère is a river in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region of southeastern France. It is a left-bank tributary of the Rhône. The Isère department is named after this river.

Hans Kristian Amundsen

Hans Kristian Amundsen (2 December 1959 – 29 July 2018) was a Norwegian newspaper editor and politician. He was a member of the Labour Party. In January 2011, he was appointed State Secretary in the Ministry of Fisheries and Coastal Affairs. He was formerly the editor-in-chief of "Nordlys".

Amundsen died on 29 July 2018 was found dead in the woods in Skoganvarre, Norway after his family reported him missing, aged 58.

Abbas Duzduzani

Abbas Duzduzani (Persian: عباس دوزدوزانی) (June 5, 1942 – July 29, 2018) was an Iranian politician. He was in the Mohammad-Ali Rajai cabinet. He was founder and first commander Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps. He was born in Tabriz, Iran. He was the Minister of Culture and Islamic Guidance from 1980 to 1981.

Duzduzani died on July 29, 2018 in Tehran at the age of 76.

Alexandre do Nascimento

Alexandre do Nascimento (born 1 March 1925) is an Angolan Cardinal of the Catholic Church. He was the Archbishop of Luanda from 1986 to 2001, and was elevated to the cardinalate in 1983 by Pope John Paul II. He was born in Malanje, Portuguese Angola.

On 10 August 1975, Nascimento was appointed the fourth bishop of Malanje by Pope Paul VI. Nascimento was kidnapped by guerrillas during a pastoral visit on 15 October 1982; he was later freed on 16 November of that same year after Pope John Paul II made an appeal for his release.

Nascimento became the oldest living member of the College of Cardinals in August 2022, after the death of Jozef Tomko.


Starved Rock State Park

Starved Rock State Park is a state park in the U.S. state of Illinois. It is made by the many canyons within its . It is located just southeast of the village of Utica in LaSalle County, Illinois, along the south bank of the Illinois River. The park hosts over two million visitors annually, the most for any Illinois state park.

North Utica, Illinois

North Utica, often known as Utica, is a village in Utica Township, LaSalle County, Illinois. The population was 1,323 at the 2020 United States Census. It is part of the Ottawa–Streator Micropolitan Statistical Area.

LaSalle County, Illinois

LaSalle County is located in the North Central region of the U.S. state of Illinois. It has an population of 109,658 in 2020. Its county seat and largest city is Ottawa.

Anderson, Texas

Anderson is a city in the U.S. state of Texas. It is the county seat of Grimes County.


Franklin County, Illinois

Franklin County is a county located in the U.S. state of Illinois. In the 2020 census, it has a population of 37,804. Its county seat is Benton. It is located in the southern portion of Illinois known locally as "Little Egypt".

Waxahachie, Texas

Waxahachie is a city in the U.S. state of Texas. It is the county seat of Ellis County.

Tahoka, Texas

Tahoka is a city in the U.S. state of Texas. It is the county seat of Lynn County. The population was 2,375 at the 2020 census.

Goliad, Texas

Goliad is a city in the U.S. state of Texas. It is the county seat of Goliad County. The population was 1,620 at the 2020 census.

Lipscomb, Texas

Lipscomb ( ) is a census-designated place in the U.S. state of Texas. It is the county seat of Lipscomb County. The population was 66 at the 2020 census.

Franklin County

Franklin County is the name of several counties in the United States:

Franklin County, Arkansas

Franklin County is a county in the U.S. state of Arkansas. As of the 2020 census, the population was 17,097. The county has two county seats, Charleston and Ozark. The county was formed on December 19, 1837, and named for Benjamin Franklin, American statesman.

High-speed rail in the United Kingdom

High-speed rail in the United Kingdom is under development. There are both existing and proposed high-speed lines.



Peyton List (actress, born 1986)

Peyton List (born August 8, 1986) is an American actress and model. 

Her Disney roles include Sarah Wallis in "The Greatest Game Ever Played", Lorelei/Georgina Kent in the CBS/ABC Studios TV show "Ghost Whisperer", Tanya Adams in the ABC Studios TV show "Monk", Nicole Kirby in the ABC TV show "FlashFoward", and Emma Lundergren in the ABC TV show "Blood & Oil".

2014 FIFA World Cup Group C

Group C of the 2014 FIFA World Cup consisted of Colombia, Greece, Ivory Coast, and Japan. Play began on 14 June and ended on 24 June 2014.


<section begin=c1 /><section end=c1 />

<section begin=c2 /><section end=c2 />

<section begin=c3 /><section end=c3 />

<section begin=c4 /><section end=c4 />

<section begin=c5 /><section end=c5 />

<section end=c6 />


2014 FIFA World Cup Group D

Group D of the 2014 FIFA World Cup had the following teams Uruguay, Costa Rica, England, and Italy.


<section begin=d1 /><section end=d1 />

<section begin=d2 /><section end=d2 />

<section begin=d3 /><section end=d3 />

<section begin=d4 /><section end=d4 />

<section begin=d5 /><section end=d5 />

<section begin=d6 /><section end=d6 />


2014 FIFA World Cup Group E

Group E of the 2014 FIFA World Cup had the following teams Switzerland, Ecuador, France, and Honduras. The first game was on 15 June and the last was on 25 June 2014.


<section begin=e1 /><section end=e1 />

<section begin=e2 /><section end=e2 />

<section begin=e3 /><section end=e3 />

<section begin=e4 /><section end=e4 />

<section begin=e5 /><section end=e5 />

<section begin=e6 /><section end=e6 />


2014 FIFA World Cup Group F

Group F of the 2014 FIFA World Cup had the following teams Argentina, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Iran and Nigeria. The first game was played on 15 June and the last game was played on 25 June 201

<section begin=f1 /><section end=f1 />

<section begin=f2 /><section end=f2 />

<section begin=f3 /><section end=f3 />

<section begin=f4 /><section end=f4 />

<section begin=f5 /><section end=f5 />

<section begin=f6 /><section end=f6 />


2014 FIFA World Cup Group H

Group H of the 2014 FIFA World Cup had the following teams Belgium, Algeria, Russia and South Korea. 


<section begin=h1 /><section end=h1 />

<section begin=h2 /><section end=h2 />

<section begin=h3 /><section end=h3 />

<section begin=h4 /><section end=h4 />

<section begin=h5 /><section end=h5 />

<section begin=h6 /><section end=h6 />


Russian Provisional Government

The Russian Provisional Government () was a provisional government of Russia created after the abdication of Tsar Nicholas II of the Russian Empire on 2 March [15 March, New Style] 1917. The purpose of the provisional government was the creation of elections to the Russian Constituent Assembly and its convention.

The government lasted only eight months and caused a "disorganized army".

Michael P. DeLong

Michael Phillip "Riffle" DeLong (March 15, 1945 – July 27, 2018) was a United States Marine Corps Lieutenant General. He was Deputy Commander, United States Central Command, MacDill Air Force Base, Florida. 

From 2000 until his retirement in 2003 (with over 36 years of service), Lieutenant General DeLong was Second-in-command to General Tommy Franks who as Commander of United States Central Command was in charge of the war on terror including Operation Iraqi Freedom in Iraq and Operation Enduring Freedom in Afghanistan.

DeLong was awarded the Defense Distinguished Service Medal, two awards of the Defense Superior Service Medal, two awards of the Legion of Merit, two awards of the Distinguished Flying Cross, two awards of the Meritorious Service Medal, Air Medal with Flight Strike Numerals 69, Navy Achievement Medal and the Combat Action Ribbon.

DeLong died of a heart attack in Treasure Island, Florida on July 27, 2018 at the age of 73. He will be buried at Arlington National Cemetery in Virginia.

Valerie Jarrett

Valerie June Jarrett (née Bowman; born November 14, 1956) is an American businesswoman and former government official. She was the senior advisor to President of the United States Barack Obama and assistant to the president for public engagement and intergovernmental affairs from 2009 to 2017. Before, she was a co-chair of the Obama–Biden Transition Project.

In March 2021, she became interim President of the Obama Foundation.

Franklin County, Missouri

Franklin County is a county in the U.S. state of Missouri. As of the 2020 census, the population was 104,682. The county seat is Union. The county was founded in 1818 and is named after Founding Father Benjamin Franklin.

Ibrahima Kassory Fofana

Ibrahima Kassory Fofana (born 1954) is a Guinean politician. He was the Prime Minister of Guinea from 24 May 2018 until the 2021 coup d'état on 5 September 2021.

Dickens, Texas

Dickens is a city in the U.S. state of Texas. It is the county seat of Dickens County. The population was 219 at the 2020 census, down from 286 at the 2010 census.

Félix Guattari

Pierre-Félix Guattari ( , "feh-LEEX GWA-tah-rhee"; March 30, 1930 – August 29, 1992) was a French psychiatrist, philosopher, semiologist, and activist. He founded two fields called schizoanalysis and ecosophy, and is best known for his academic partnership with Gilles Deleuze, especially their two-part book "Capitalism and Schizophrenia". The first part of this is titled "Anti-Oedipus" and was published in 1972, and the second part is "A Thousand Plateaus", published in 1980.

Guattari was born in a suburb outside of Paris called Villeneuve-les-Sablons in 1930. He learned to practice a kind of psychology called psychoanalysis with his teacher Jacques Lacan in the early 1950s. He later worked at a psychiatric clinic called La Borde, which was his employer for the rest of his life.

Guattari contributed to a communist newspaper in Paris called "La Voie Communiste" ("The Communist Way") from 1955 to 1965. He was politically active in France throughout the 1960s, and he met his academic partner Gilles Deleuze through his political work. Together, they published the two-part work "Capitalism and Schizophrenia" in 1972 and 1980. They also wrote many other works, including "What is Philosophy?" (1991).

Guattari died at La Borde of a heart attack on 29 August 1992, aged 62. His partner Gilles Deleuze died three years later.

Gatesville, Texas

Gatesville is a city in the U.S. state of Texas. It is the county seat of Coryell County. The population was 16,135 at the 2020 census.

The city has five of the eight prisons and state jails for women operated by the Texas Department of Criminal Justice. One of the facilities, the Mountain View Unit, has the state's death row for women.

Lampasas County, Texas

Lampasas County ( ) is a county located on the Edwards Plateau in the U.S. state of Texas. As of the 2020 census, the population was 21,627. The county seat is Lampasas.

Polk County, Texas

Polk County is a county in the U.S. state of Texas. In 2020, 50,123 people lived there. The county seat is Livingston.

Bressolles

Bressolles is the name of two communes in France:

Polk County

Polk County is the name of several counties in the United States:

Crockett County

Crockett County is the name of two counties in the United States:

Ottawa County

Ottawa County is the name of four counties in the United States:

Ottawa County, Ohio

Ottawa County is a county in the U.S. state of Ohio. As of the 2020 census, the population was 40,364. The county seat is Port Clinton. The county is named either for the Ottawa Indians who lived there, or for an Indian word meaning "trader".

Ottawa County was formed on March 6, 1840 from parts of Erie, Lucas and Sandusky counties.

Lucas County

Lucas County is the name of two counties in the United States:

Lucas County, Ohio

Lucas County is a county in the U.S. state of Ohio. It is bordered on the east by Lake Erie, and on the southeast by the Maumee River, which runs to the lake. As of the 2020 census, the population was 431,279. The county seat is Toledo, located at the mouth of the Maumee River on the lake. Lucas County was founded in 1835.

Buenos Aires (disambiguation)

Buenos Aires is the capital city of Argentina.

Buenos Aires may also refer to:

Concepción de Buenos Aires

Concepción de Buenos Aires is a municipality in the state of Jalisco in central-western Mexico.

Schopfheim

Schopfheim is a town in Lörrach in Baden-Württemberg, Germany. It is on the river Wiese, north of Rheinfelden, and east of Lörrach.

Schönau im Schwarzwald

Schönau im Schwarzwald is a town in Lörrach in Baden-Württemberg, Germany. It is in the Black Forest, on the river Wiese, northeast of Basel, Switzerland, and south of Freiburg. It is also the birthplace of Germany men's football coach Joachim Löw.

Argyle, Texas

Argyle is a city in the U.S. state of Texas. It is a suburb of Fort Worth.

God Is a Woman

"God Is a Woman" (written in sentence case) is a song by American singer Ariana Grande, from her fourth studio album, "Sweetener" (2018). The song was released on July 13, 2018, as the second single from the album, after "No Tears Left to Cry". The song discusses the theme of God as a female.

American singer Madonna is featured as the voice of God in the music video for the song.

The song reached the top five of the charts in the UK, Canada, Ireland, New Zealand, and Australia and reached the top ten in the US.

Longview, Texas

Longview is the forty-fifth largest city in the U.S. state of Texas.

Steve Forbes

Malcolm Stevenson "Steve" Forbes Jr. (; born July 18, 1947) is an American publishing executive. He ran for the nomination of the Republican Party for President of the United States two times. Forbes is the Editor-in-Chief of "Forbes". He ran in the 1996 and 2000 Presidential primaries.

Kindergarten Cop 2

Kindergarten Cop 2 is a 2016 American direct-to-video comedy movie. It stars Dolph Lundgren and directed by Don Michael Paul. It is the standalone sequel to the 1990 comedy movie "Kindergarten Cop" which starred Arnold Schwarzenegger. 

Principal photography in Langley and Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada took 102 days, from July 27 to November 6, 2015. 

The movie was released on direct-to-DVD in the United States on May 17, 2016.

A federal agent must go undercover as a kindergarten teacher, to recover a missing flash drive from the Federal Witness Protection Program. Helping him with his mission is Agent Sanders, his partner, and Detective David Harris, his new sidekick, who comes out of retirement.

On June 1, 2015, it was reported that "The Garden" and "Half Past Dead" director Don Michael Paul will be directing the movie, and Arnold Schwarzenegger will not return as Detective John Kimble. Schwarzenegger announced that his character Detective John Kimble is now officially retired from being a kindergarten teacher and police officer. Schwarzenegger was replaced by Dolph Lundgren as a new character FBI Agent Zack Reed, and Paul hired Matthew Lillard who previously played as Detective David Harris in the original 1990 movie. Lillard agreed to return. 

On December 21, 2015, the 25th anniversary of the theatrical release of the original movie the first official photos of "Kindergarten Cop 2" were released via "About".

Rob van Mesdag

Robbert Hendrik van Mesdag (18 January 1930 – 18 July 2018) was a Dutch rower. He was born in Hilversum, the Netherlands. Mesdag won a bronze medal in the single sculls at the 1955 European Rowing Championships. He competed in this event at the 1952 Summer Olympics, but failed to reach the final.

Mesdag died in The Hague on 18 July 2018, aged 88.

Andreas Kappes

Andreas Kappes (23 December 1965 – 30 July 2018) was a German cyclist. He was a professional from 1987 to 2009, active on the road and on the track. He had total 133 wins, and, as an amateur, represented West Germany at the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles, California. He was born in Bremen, Germany.

Kappes died from anaphylaxis caused by an insect bite, aged 52.

Steve Bridges

Steve Bridges (May 22, 1963 – March 3, 2012) was an American comedian, impressionist, and actor. He was known for his impressions of politicians, television characters and broadcasters including Bill Clinton, George W. Bush, Barack Obama, Arnold Schwarzenegger, Don Knotts, Homer Simpson, Tom Brokaw, Paul Harvey, and Rush Limbaugh.

On March 3, 2012, Bridges was found dead by his maid in his Los Angeles home, aged 48. His death was ruled an accident, with the probable cause "upper airway anaphylaxis” from a severe allergic reaction.


Khayyam Mirzazade

Khayyam Hadi oglu Mirzazade (; 5 October 1935 – 30 July 2018) was an Azerbaijani composer and professor. From 1957, he taught at Azerbaijan State Conservatoire. From 1969 to 1983, he was a manager of composition cathedra at Azerbaijan State Conservatoire. Khayyam Mirzazade is the author of symphonic and chamber compositions, music to drama spectacles and movies and lyric songs.

On October 7, 2000 he was awarded with Shohrat Order by the President of Azerbaijan.

Hélio Bicudo

Hélio Pereira Bicudo (5 July 1922 – 31 July 2018) was a Brazilian jurist and politician. Hélio was Vice Mayor of São Paulo from 2001 to 2004, during the administration of Marta Suplicy.

In 1986, Bicudo was candidate to the Senate by the PT, placing 3rd, after the elected Mário Covas and Fernando Henrique Cardoso, both from the PMDB.

In 2015, he filed in the Chamber of Deputies an impeachment request against president Dilma Rousseff. 

Bicudo died on 31 July 2018 in São Paulo from a stroke, aged 96.

Alex Fergusson (politician)

Sir Alexander Charles Onslow Fergusson (8 April 1949 – 31 July 2018) was a Scottish politician. He was a member of the Scottish Conservative and Unionist Party and Scottish Parliament from 1999 to 2016. He was the third Presiding Officer of the Scottish Parliament from 2007 until 2011.

Fergusson died on 31 July 2018, aged 69.

Bassano Staffieri

Nino Staffieri (6 September 1931 – 31 July 2018) was an Italian bishop. He was bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of La Spezia-Sarzana-Brugnato. He was ordained a priest on June 9, 1955. Staffieri was born in Casalpusterlengo, Italy.

He was appointed bishop of Carpi on July 11, 1989. He was appointed bishop of La Spezia-Sarzana-Brugnato on July 10, 1999. Staffieri retired as bishop on December 6, 2007. He was vice-president of "Episcopal Conference of Liguria" until his death in 2018.

Staffieri died in Genoa, Italy from a cerebral hemorrhage on 31 July 2018, aged 86.


Deaths in August 2018

The following is a list of deaths that should be noted in August 2018. For deaths that should be noted before the month that the world is in, please see "Months". Names under each date are noted in the order of the alphabet by last name or pseudonym. Deaths of non-humans are noted here also if it is worth noting.

Each listing of a death must have a source. If no reference is included, the death notice will be removed. The following are the requirements of adding a name to the list in its order: name, age, where they came from, what the person is known for, cause of death (if known) and a source.



































Des Plaines River

The Des Plaines River () is a river that flows southward for through southern Wisconsin and northern Illinois in the United States. They meet in the Kankakee River west of Channahon to form the Illinois River, a tributary of the Mississippi River.

Kankakee River

The Kankakee River () is a tributary of the Illinois River. It is about long, in northwestern Indiana and northeastern Illinois in the United States. It flows through a primarily rural farming region of reclaimed cropland, south of Lake Michigan.

Channahon, Illinois

Channahon is a village in Grundy and Will counties in the U.S. state of Illinois. The population was 13,383 at the 2020 census. Channahon is also the name of the township in which most of the village resides. The current village president is Missey Moorman Schumacher. It is a southwestern suburb of Chicago.

Grundy County, Illinois

Grundy County is a county in the U.S. state of Illinois. According to the 2020 census, it has a population of 52,533. Its county seat is Morris.

Chicago metropolitan area

The Chicago metropolitan area, or Chicagoland, is the metropolitan area that includes the city of Chicago, Illinois, and its suburbs, spanning 14 counties in northeast Illinois, northwest Indiana, and a small portion of southeast Wisconsin. The population is about 9.5 million people and CSA population of 9.9 million people, it is the third largest metropolitan area in the United States.

The Chicago metropolitan area is one of the world's largest economies, with more than four million employees and making an annual gross regional product (GRP) of over $561 billion. The region is home to more than 400 major corporate headquarters, including 31 in the Fortune 500.

Kane County, Illinois

Kane County is a county in the U.S. state of Illinois. In the 2020 census, it has a population of 516,522, making it the fifth-most populous county in Illinois. Its county seat is Geneva, and its largest city is Aurora.

Kane County is part of the Chicago metropolitan area.

Kendall County, Illinois

Kendall County is a county in the U.S. state of Illinois. In the 2020 census, it has a population of 131,869. Its county seat is Yorkville, and its most populous municipality is Oswego. It is part of the Chicago metropolitan area.

Oswego, Illinois

Oswego is a village in Kendall County, Illinois, United States. The village population, in the 2020 census, is 34,585. Its population has more than doubled since the 2000 census count of 13,326. With that growth, Oswego is the largest city located completely within Kendall County. 

Philmont, New York

Philmont is a village in Columbia County, New York, United States. The population was 1,377 at the 2020 census.

List of governors of South Carolina

The Governor of the State of South Carolina is the head of state for the state of South Carolina. Under the South Carolina Constitution, the governor is also the head of government, serving as the chief executive of the South Carolina executive branch. 

The governor is the "ex officio" commander-in-chief of the National Guard when not called into federal use. The governor's responsibilities include making yearly "State of the State" addresses to the South Carolina General Assembly, submitting an executive budget and ensuring that state laws are enforced.

Henry McMaster is the Governor of South Carolina since January 2017.

The only female governor in South Carolina is Nikki Haley.

This is a list of South Carolina governors.

The General Assembly chose the President for a term of two years.


The General Assembly chose the Governor for a term of two years.


The General Assembly chose the Governor for a term of two years.


First Constitution of South Carolina to provide for the direct election of the Governor.




This is a table of congressional seats, other federal offices, other governorships, and other high offices held by governors. All representatives and senators mentioned represented South Carolina except where noted. *denotes those offices which the governor resigned to take.

, there are six former U.S. governors of South Carolina who are currently living at this time, the oldest U.S. governor of South Carolina being Ernest "Fritz" Hollings (served 1959–1963, born 1922). The most recent U.S. governor of South Carolina to die was James Burrows Edwards (served 1975–1979, born 1927), on December 26, 2014. The most recently serving governor to die was Carroll A. Campbell, Jr. (served 1987–1995, born 1940) on December 7, 2005.


Diya (lamp)

A Diya, diyo, deya, divaa, deepa, deepam, or deepak is an oil lamp. It is used in the Indian subcontinent, mostly in India and Nepal. It is usually made from clay and a cotton wick dipped in ghee or vegetable oils. Diyas are native to the Indian subcontinent. It is often used in Hindu, Sikh, Jain and Zoroastrian religious festivals such as Diwali or the Kushti ceremony.

Kali Puja

Kali Puja is also known as Shyama Puja or Mahanisha Puja. It is a festival celebrated in the honour of Hindu goddess Kali. It is celebrated on the new moon day of the Hindu month Kartik. It is mostly celebrated in West Bengal, Mithila region of Bihar, Odisha, Assam, Tripura and Bangladesh. It happens at the same time with the pan-Indian Lakshmi Puja day of Diwali. In this day Bengalis, Odias, Assamese and Maithils worship goddess Kali. Mahanisha puja is done by the Maithili people of Mithila region in India and Nepal.

Mandiraja

Mandiraja is a sub-district in Banjarnegara Regency, Central Java, Indonesia. Its area is 52,61 km and the population in 2010 was 63.679 people. Mandiraja Subdistrict consists of 16 Villages 72 RW and 387 RT.The administrative center of Mandiraja sub-district is in the village of Mandiraja Kulon.

Mandiraja iis in the northern mountains of South Serayu to the zone of Serayu alluvial depression with an altitude between 50 and 450 meters above sea level, South of the hills covering 6 villages namely Salamerta, Glempang, Kebanaran, Somawangi, Jalatunda, and Kaliwungu while the other 10 villages are lowlands. The highest point of Mandiraja is Igir hill 475 meters in the border between Somawangi village and Kebumen District. The big rivers in the Mandiraja District are the Kalisapi River and Serayu River.

Mandiraja District is between 7°28'37 South latitude and 109 East longitude and borders:

Mandiraja sub-district is inhabited by various Javanese tribes. Besides the Javanese tribes in Mandiraja sub-district there are also other tribes such as Sundanese,Chinese, Arabic and other
The majority of the population of Mandiraja sub-district embraced Islam and a small proportion embraced Catholicism, in Kertayasa village and in part of the villages of Candiwulan, Somawangi and Mandiraja Kulon.

Most of the productive land in Mandiraja sub-district is planted with rice and a small portion is planted with various vegetables and fruits. The village with the largest rice production is Purwasaba village. 

Mandiraja culture adheres to the Banyumasan culture and Javanese culture is quite different because the Banyumasan culture is absorbed in Sundanese culture. In Mandiraja District there are some very unique cultures such as Ebeg, Lengger, Kentongan and others.

Mandiraja sub-district has a wide variety of special foods including Mendoan and Sroto, Tahu Masak, Dawet, Sate and others.

list of names of villages in Mandiraja sub-district :

Cherokee County

Cherokee County is the name of eight counties in the United States:

Caldwell County

Caldwell County is the name of five counties in the United States:

Ellis County

Ellis County is the name of three counties in the United States:

Green County

Green County is the name of three counties in the United States:


Greene County

Greene County is the name of several counties in the United States:


Greene County, Arkansas

Greene County is a county in the U.S. state of Arkansas. As of the 2020 census, the population was 45,736. The county seat is Paragould.

Greene County, Alabama

Greene County is a county in the U.S. state of Alabama. As of the 2020 census, the population was 7,730; it was the least populous county in Alabama. The county seat is Eutaw. It was named in honor of Revolutionary War General Nathanael Greene of Rhode Island. In the 2010 census, the county's population was 81.5% African-American.

Greene County, Indiana

Greene County is a county in the U.S. state of Indiana. As of the 2020, the population was 30,803. The county seat is Bloomfield.

Greene County, Missouri

Greene County is a county in the U.S. state of Missouri. As of the 2020 census, the population was 298,915, making it the fourth-most populous county in Missouri. The county seat is Springfield. The county was founded in 1833 and is named after American Revolutionary War General Nathanael Greene.

Greene County, Illinois

Greene County is a county in the U.S. state of Illinois. According to the 2020 census, it has a population of 11,985. The county seat is Carrollton.

Greene County, Georgia

Greene County is a county in the U.S. state of Georgia. As of the 2020 census, the population was 18,915. The county seat is Greensboro. The county was founded on February 3, 1786 and is named for Nathanael Greene, an American Revolutionary War major general.

Greene County, Iowa

Greene County is a county in the U.S. state of Iowa. As of the 2020 census, the population was 8,771. The county seat is Jefferson. The county is named after American Revolutionary War General Nathanael Greene.

Grundy County

Grundy County is the name of four counties in the United States, all named in honor of Felix Grundy:

Grundy County, Iowa

Grundy County is a county in the U.S. state of Iowa. As of the 2020 census, the population was 12,329. The county seat is Grundy Center. The county is named for Felix Grundy, former U.S. Attorney General.

Seguin, Texas

Seguin ( ) is a city in the U.S. state of Texas. It is the county seat of Guadalupe County. As of the 2020 census, the population was 29,433.

Gervase Markham

Gervase Markham (21 June 1978 – 27 July 2018) was a British computer scientist, engineer and writer. He worked for the Mozilla Foundation, and was a lead developer of Bugzilla. He started working on the Mozilla project in 1999 and became the youngest paid employee of Mozilla.org at age 23. 

Markham was born in Morland, Cumbria. He studied at Oxford University. Markham was diagnosed with salivary gland cancer in 2006. He died on 27 July 2018 from the disease at his home in Loughborough, Leicestershire, aged 40.

Anne Vermeer

Anne Rinse Vermeer (12 December 1916 – 26 July 2018) was a Dutch politician and economist. He was born in Tiel, Netherlands. Vermeer was a member of the Labour Party (PvdA). Vermeer was a member of thw House of Representatives from 1956 to 1963 and a Senator from 1966 to 1987. In between his time in congress, Vermeer was also Mayor of Amersfoort from 1976 to 1982.

Vermeer died of respiratory failure in Amersfoort, Netherlands on 26 July 2018, aged 101.


Try Sutrisno

Try Sutrisno (, born 15 November 1935) is an Indonesian politician. He is the sixth vice president. He held office from 11 March 1993 to 10 March 1998.


Vice President of Indonesia

The Vice President of the Republic of Indonesia () is the first in the line of succession in the Republic of Indonesia.

The Indonesian Vice Presidency was created during the creation of the 1945 constitution by the Investigating Committee for Preparatory Work for Independence (BPUPKI). The office was first filled on 18 August 1945 when Mohammad Hatta was elected.




The Vice-President replaces the President in the event that the President dies, resigns, or is unable to perform his/her duties for any reason. If the President and the Vice-President dies, resigns, or is unable to perform his/her duties for any reason, the government will be taken over together by Minister of Foreign Affairs, Minister of Internal Affairs and Minister of Defence.



Mohammad Hatta

Mohammad Hatta (;12 August 1902 – 14 March 1980) was Indonesia's first Vice President of Indonesia, later also being the country's Prime Minister. He fought for the independence of Indonesia from the Dutch.

Hatta died on 14 March 1980 in Jakarta and was buried in Jakarta's Tanah Kusir public cemetery.


Jusuf Kalla

Muhammad Jusuf Kalla (; born 15 May 1942) is an Indonesian politician. He was the 12th Vice President of Indonesia from 2014 through 2019. He was also the 10th Vice President from 2004 to 2009. He ran as Golkar's presidential candidate in the 2009 presidential election, but lost the election. Since 2009 Kalla has served as the Chairman of the Indonesian Red Cross Society.

Before Kalla said he would run as a running mate for Joko Widodo in the 2014 presidential election, polling numbers showed Kalla as the front-runner of the elction. He is the first person to hold two non-consecutive terms as Vice President of Indonesia.


Celeste Rodrigues

Maria Celeste Rebordão Rodrigues (14 March 1923 – 1 August 2018) was a Portuguese "fadista" (fado singer) and the younger sister of Amália Rodrigues. She was born in Fundão, Portugal. Rodrigues was known for her songs such as "Lenda das Algas" (Legend of the Algae), "Já é tarde" (It is already late) and "Fado Celeste" achievements.

Rodrigues lived in Lisbon and Washington, D.C.. She died in Lisbon on 1 August 2018 from a stroke, aged 95.

Umbayee

Umbayee (ഉമ്പായി; 1950 – 1 August 2018) was an Indian folk musician and composer. He worked in the Ghazal genre. Umbayee was born in Mattancherry, Kerala. Umbayee was known for his unique style of singing.

Burleson, Texas

Burleson is a city in Texas. During the 2020 Census, there were 47,641 people living in Burleson. Burleson is in both Johnson and Tarrant counties and is a suburb of Fort Worth.

Kelly Clarkson was living in Burleson when she won the first American Idol contest.

Cleburne, Texas

Cleburne is a city and county seat of Johnson County, Texas, United States. At the 2020 U.S. Census, the population was 31,352. The city is named after Patrick Cleburne, a Confederate General. Lake Pat Cleburne, the reservoir that provides water to the city and surrounding area, is also named after Pat Cleburne.

Dallas–Fort Worth metroplex

The Dallas–Fort Worth metroplex (officially called the Dallas–Fort Worth–Arlington, TX Metropolitan Statistical Area by the US Office of Management and Budget) is a large, metropolitan area of Texas which includes the 13 counties in the area. Residents of the area also refer to it as the Dallas–Fort Worth Metroplex, DFW, or the Metroplex. It is the economic and cultural hub of the region. DFW is the largest inland metropolitan area in the United States.

Louise Tobin

Mary Louise Tobin (born November 11, 1918) is an American jazz singer. Tobin was born in Aubrey, Texas, but raised in Denton, Texas. She appeared with Benny Goodman, Bobby Hackett, Will Bradley, and Jack Jenney. Tobin introduced "I Didn't Know What Time It Was" with Benny Goodman’s band in 1939.

Her biggest hit with Goodman was "There'll Be Some Changes Made", which was number two on the "Hit Parade" in 1941 for 15 weeks.

Aubrey, Texas

Aubrey is a city in Denton County, Texas, United States. The population was 5,006 at the 2020 census.

Tate Donovan

Tate Buckley Donovan (born September 25, 1963) is an American actor and director. He is known for playing Tom Shayes in "Damages", Jimmy Cooper in "The O.C.", and the voice of Hercules in the Disney animated movie "Hercules", the animated television series of the and in a few "Kingdom Hearts" video games.

Tenafly, New Jersey

Tenafly is a borough in Bergen County, New Jersey, United States. As of the 2020 census, the borough's population was 15,409. Tenafly is a suburb of New York City.

Susan Egan

Susan Farrell Egan (born February 18, 1970) is an American actress, singer, dancer and comedian. She is known for her work on the Broadway stage. She is best known for the role of Belle in the Broadway musical adaptation of "Beauty and the Beast" (1994), as well as the voice of Megara in "Hercules" (1997), and the voice for Rose Quartz/Pink Diamond on "Steven Universe".

Seal Beach, California

Seal Beach is a city in Orange County, California. As of the 2020 census, the population was 25,242. Seal Beach is located in the westernmost corner of Orange County. To the northwest, just across the border with Los Angeles County, lies the city of Long Beach.

Coral bleaching

Coral bleaching occurs when stony corals turn white.

Stony corals are simple animals that form large reefs. The animals live in a endosymbiotic relationship with single-celled algae. To get sunlight the corals live just below sea level. The algae make food products for the coral polyp by photosynthesis.

Coral polyps are sensitive to changes in their environment. This includes the temperature of the water they live in. Under stress, coral polyps may expel the algae which live inside their tissues. The algae provide up to 90% of the coral's energy. Bleached corals continue to live but begin to starve after bleaching. Some corals recover.

Warmer sea water temperatures caused by global warming is the leading cause of coral bleaching.

The United Nations Environment Programme says that the longest recorded global bleaching events happened between 2014 and 2016. Coral was killed on an unprecedented scale. In 2016, bleaching of coral on the Great Barrier Reef killed between 29 and 50 percent of the reef's coral. 
In 2017, the bleaching got into the central region of the reef. The interval between bleaching events has halved between 1980 and 2016.

Recent research showed that the coral-algae relationship is much older than was thought. This suggests it has survived many climate changes.

Some corals change color instead of turning white when they are bleached. The colors can be very bright. In May 2020, scientists from the University of Southampton said that the colors act like sunscreen and protect the coral cells from light. The scientists said this means some corals can lose their algae for a while and might have developed bright colors as a way to make it easier for the algae to come back and to stay alive until then.

Mike Chattey

Michael Stanley Kemp Chattey OBE, better known as "Mike Chattey" (born 9 January 1952) has been the Head of Fundraising at the Conservative Party since 2001 and is the interim chief executive officer since 2019.

In June 2016, Chattey was awarded an OBE in David Cameron's resignation honours list and gained an OBE for “political service” in his role of Head of Fundraising.

Mike Chattey has been married to Baroness Charlotte Vere since 2016.

Mike as Head of Fundraising has responsibility for the donation and fundraising efforts of the Conservative Party including managing the parties extensive donor clubs as well as presiding over the annual Tory Party Fundraising Ball 

Chattey conducts his role of Head of Fundraising from the partty’s central office, known as CCHQ in the Treasurer's Department.

Chattey attended school at Milton Abbey School in Dorset between 1974 and 1979, before he temporarily moved to the North Carolina in order to attend University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill in 1980. Chattey also attended the University of the West of England from 1980 to 1984 gaining a 2:1 in Business Studies.

Mike Chattey spent 2 years as regional salesman in the south west for Calor Gas. He then moved to London to start a 15-year career in Advertising predominately for Evans Hunt Scott and Leo Burnett Advertising working on South African Airways, COI, Kelloggs, Procter & Gamble, McDonalds, Kodak, Sun Alliance and Commodore Computers. He was hired by Lord Ashcroft in 2002 to join The Conservative Party's Treasurers' Department. He was promoted to Head of Fundraising in 2012.


Enrique Verástegui

Enrique Fidel Verástegui Peláez (24 April 1950 – 27 July 2018), was a Peruvian poet, physicist, philosopher and mathematician. He was born in Lima. In 1975 he recorded his poems for the Library of Congress of the United States and worked for El Colegio de México. On 1976 he received the Guggenheim Fellowship.

In 1978, representing the Peruvian community, he reads his poems before the tomb of César Vallejo, which earned him the congratulations of Julio Ramón Ribeyro, consul of Peru to UNESCO.

Verástegui died in Lima on 27 July 2018 from a heart attack, aged 68.

Prime Minister of Peru

The President of the Council of Ministers of Peru, informally called "Premier" (form of address) or "Prime Minister", is in charge of the Council of Ministers, and is appointed by the President, but must be approved by the Congress as with all members of the Council.

The Prime Minister of Peru is, however, not the head of government, since in Peru the President is the one who serves as the head of government. Peru is one of the few countries in Latin America that has a Prime Minister. 

The current prime minister is . He was appointed March 6th, 2024.


Lubomír Metnar

Lubomír Metnar (born 6 October 1967 in Olomouc) is a Czech politician and former policeman. He is the Ministry of Defence in the second government of Andrej Babiš, since June 2018. From December 2017 to June 2018, he was Ministry of the Interior in the first cabinet of Andrej Babiš.

President of Peru

The President of Peru () officially called the President of the Republic of Peru () is the head of state and head of government of Peru and represents the republic in official international matters.

The last directly elected President of Peru was Pedro Pablo Kuczynski, from 28 July 2016 to 21 March 2018, when he resigned from office.

The current president of Peru is Dina Boluarte who assumed office on 7 December 2022.

Presidents are elected for five-year terms, with no opportunity for immediate reelection. A former president can run again after being out of office for a full term. The change of government takes place on July 28, which is the date of independence from Spain and thus a national holiday.

There are only five ways the office of President of Peru can be left empty:

Four presidents of Peru have resigned: Guillermo Billinghurst (forced resignation), Andrés Avelino Cáceres, Alberto Fujimori, and Pedro Pablo Kuczynski.

Martín Vizcarra was impeached and removed from office on 10 November 2020. Pedro Castillo was impeached and removed from office after attempting to dissolve Congress as a self-coup d'état attempt on 7 December 2022.

All former presidents of Peru since 1985 have been prosecuted since leaving office.
As of 2021, there were eight living former presidents of Peru. In order of office they are:

The most recent president to die was Francisco Morales Bermúdez (1975–1980) on 14 July 2022.

Alan García

Alan Gabriel Ludwig García Pérez (; 23 May 1949 – 17 April 2019) was a Peruvian politician. He was the President of Peru from 1985 to 1990 and again from 2006 to 2011. He was the leader of the Peruvian Aprista Party.

His first term, the country went through a severe economic crisis, social unrest and violence. He ran unsuccessfully for the Presidency in 2001, losing in a run-off to Alejandro Toledo. He ran again in 2006 and was elected to a second term, even though his first term in the 1980s was thought to be the worst in the country's history.

During García's second term, Peru had increased environmental damage, according to critics, and increased social conflict, according to the national human rights ombudsman's office.

García ran for a third term as president in the 2016 Peruvian general election as the candidate of the criticized Popular Alliance coalition which included APRA’s old rival, the Christian People’s Party with Lourdes Flores as his first running mate. The election's first round polls gave García 5.83% of the popular vote, preventing him from participating in the runoff election. Pedro Pablo Kuczynski was ultimately elected.

On the morning of 17 April 2019, García shot himself in the neck when police officials were planning to arrest him linked to a corruption scandal. He was hospitalized under critical condition and had emergency surgery where García had three cardiac arrests. He died hours later at a Lima hospital. García became the second head of state of Peru to die of suicide after Gustavo Jiménez, who did so in 1933.

García is considered one of the most controversial yet talented politicians of Peru's contemporary history. He was known as an immensely charismatic orator.

Ollanta Humala

Ollanta Moisés Humala Tasso (; born 27 June 1962) is a Peruvian politician. He was the 65th President of Peru from 2011 to 2016. Humala lost the 2006 presidential election and eventually won the 2011 presidential election in a run-off vote. He was elected as President of Peru in the second round, defeating Keiko Fujimori (daughter of former President Alberto Fujimori).
Born to a prominent political family affiliated with the ethnocacerist movement, Humala is the son of famed Quechua labour lawyer Isaac Humala. Humala entered the Peruvian Army in 1981, eventually achieveing the rank of Lieutenant Colonel. During his time in the military, he fought in the internal conflict against far-left terrorist group Shining Path as well as in the Cenepa War with neighboring Ecuador. In October 2000, Humala attempted an unsuccessful coup d'etatagainst President Alberto Fujimori during the dying days of his regime; eventually, Congress granted him amnesty and Humala was allowed to return to military duty.
In 2005, Humala entered electoral politics, founding the Peruvian Nationalist Party (PNP) in order to run in the 2006 presidential election. Having received first place in the first round, he faced former centre-left President and APRA candidate Alan García in the second round, ultimately losing by a narrow margin. His campaign received widespread international attention in 2006 given the recent success of left-wing politicians in Latin America. In 2011, he would once again run for President, and narrowly defeated Keiko Fujimori in the runoff.

Humala's election initially concerned investors, who feared he would govern similar to far-left Venezuelan PresidentHugo Chavez, a former ally of his. To assuage these fears, Humala would begin his term by choosing centrists for positions in his cabinet. Humala's unpopular presidency was dominated by corruption scandals surrounding him and his politically influential wife Nadine Heredia. Environmentalists were highly critical of Humala's mining policies, and argued that he reneged on his campaign promise to reign in mining companies.

Humala was arrested by Peruvian authorities in July 2017 for illegally accepting bribes and awaits a corruption trial.

Humala ran for president again in 2021, but lost in the first round of the election.

Javier Valle Riestra

Javier Maximiliano Alfredo Hipólito Valle Riestra González Olaechea, (born January 5, 1932) is a Peruvian lawyer, jurist and politician. He was born in Lima. He is a known member of the Peruvian Aprista Party. He held several public offices, among them the most controversial being President of the Council of Ministers in the government of Alberto Fujimori (1998).

From 2006 to 2011, Valle Riestra was a member of the Congress representing Lima.


President of El Salvador

The President of El Salvador () officially known as the President of the Republic of El Salvador () is the head of state of El Salvador. The office was created in the Constitution of 1841. From 1821 until 1841, the head of state of El Salvador was styled simply as Head of State ("Jefe de Estado").

Intendant and Superior Political Chief
21 Sep 1821 – 28 November 1821 Pedro Barriere (b. ... - d. 1827)
Intendant and Governor (from 11 January 1822, President of the Junta of Government)
28 Nov 1821 - 9 February 1823 José Matías Delgado (b. 1767 - d. 1832)
Supreme Political Chief
Chief of State
22 Apr 1824 - 1 October 1824

The Civic Directory governed El Salvador from 2 to 4 December 1931 . Composed entirely of military, the civic directory began the era of military dictatorships. The civic directory ended its government when the Presidency of the Republic was handed over to Vice President Maximiliano Hernández Martínez , who would later perpetrate a massacre in 1932. The civic directory was formed by (according to the military organization to which they belonged):

National Guard :

First Infantry Regiment :

First Artillery Regiment :

First Machine Gun Regiment :

Cavalry Regiment :

Ministry of War :

Military Aviation :


Alfredo Cristiani

Alfredo Félix Cristiani Burkard, popularly known as Alfredo Cristiani (born November 22, 1947) is a Peruvian politician. He was the President of El Salvador from 1989 to 1994. Cristiani was born in San Salvador. He is a member of the ARENA. Cristiani is of Swiss decent.


Antonio Saca

Elías Antonio "Tony" Saca González (born March 9, 1965) is a Salvadoran politician. He was the President of El Salvador from 2004 to 2009. Saca was a member of the ARENA until 2010 when he switched to the GANA from 2013. Saca was born in Usulután, El Salvador.


Fakir Musafar

Roland Loomis (August 10, 1930 – August 1, 2018), known professionally as Fakir Musafar, was an American performance artist and early artist of the modern primitive movement. He worked with and taught body modification techniques such as body piercing, tightlacing, scarification, tattooing, and flesh hook suspension.

In May 2018, Musafar announced on his website that he was suffering from terminal lung cancer. He died from the disease on August 1, 2018 in Menlo Park, California, aged 87.


Herbert King (actor)

Herbert King (1963 – 2 August 2018) was a Colombian actor. He was born in Santa Marta, Colombia. 

His career started the 2000s with a role in the telenovela "Alejo, the search for love", followed by "Pedro el escamoso", "Pasión de Gavilanes", "La saga, negocio de familia", "La Tormenta", "En los tacones de Eva", "Nuevo rico, nuevo pobre". 

His last movie role was in the 2017 movie "Loving Pablo" alongside Javier Bardem and Penelope Cruz.

King died on August 2, 2018 from a heart attack in the Clinic La Colina in Bogotá, aged 55.

Winston Ntshona

Winston Ntshona (6 October 1941 – 2 August 2018) was a South African playwright and actor. He won a Tony Award for Best Featured Actor in a Play in 1975. He was born in Port Elizabeth, South Africa. Ntshona wrote the 1973 play "The Island". He also wrote "Sizwe Banzi is Dead", which he also co-wrote. Ntshona starred in the play "Full Frontal" at the Royal Court Theatre in London.

Ntshona died on 2 August 2018 from a long-illness in New Brighton, South Africa, aged 76.

Kenneth Copeland

Kenneth "Scammer" Max Copeland (born December 6, 1936) is an American author, musician, public speaker, and televangelist. His work deals with the Charismatic Movement. Copeland has been known for preaching a message called the prosperity gospel, but some people criticize it. 

People also criticize Copeland for his anti-vaccination stance, which the say caused a large measles outbreak in his church and for using donations from his church for personal needs such as a $17.5 million private airplane.

With a net worth of USD $300 million, Copeland is the world's richest pastor.

Alec Martinez

Alec Martinez (born July 26, 1987) is an American professional ice hockey defenseman. He currently plays for the Vegas Golden Knights of the National Hockey League. He previoulsy played for the Los Angeles Kings. He was selected by the Boston Bruins with the 95th overall pick in the 2008 NHL Entry Draft after playing for Miami University for 3 seasons. He has won the Stanley Cup with the Kings in 2012 and 2014.

In 2014, in double overtime in Game 5, he scored the Stanley Cup winning goal against the New York Rangers after he had previously scored the series winner in the Western Conference finals against the Chicago Blackhawks in Game 7.

Greene County, Virginia

Greene County is a county in Virginia in the eastern United States. As of the 2020 census, the population was 20,552. The county seat is Stanardsville.

Greene County was founded in 1838 from Orange County. The county is named for American Revolutionary War hero Nathanael Greene.

Greene County, Mississippi

Greene County is a county in the U.S. state of Mississippi. As of the 2020 census, the population was 13,530. The county seat is Leakesville. The county was founded in 1811 and is named after American Revolutionary War General Nathanael Greene.

Etowah County, Alabama

Etowah County is a county in the U.S. state of Alabama. As of the 2020 census, the population was 103,436. The county seat is Gadsden. The name is from a Cherokee word meaning "edible tree". It is the smallest county in Alabama, but one of the most densely populated.

Fayette County, Alabama

Fayette County is a county of the U.S. state of Alabama. In 2020, 16,321 people lived there. The county seat is Fayette.

Franklin County, Alabama

Franklin County is a county in the U.S. state of Alabama. As of the 2020 census, the population was 32,113. The county seat is Russellville. The name is in honor of Benjamin Franklin, famous statesman, scientist, and printer.

Franklin County was founded on February 6, 1818.

Geneva County, Alabama

Geneva County is a county in the U.S. state of Alabama. As of the 2020 census, the population was 26,659. The county seat is Geneva. The county was named after its county seat, which in turn was named after Geneva, New York which was named after Geneva, a Swiss city.

Hale County, Alabama

Hale County is a county in the U.S. state of Alabama. As of the 2020 census, the population was 14,785. The county seat is Greensboro. It is named in honor of Confederate officer Stephen Fowler Hale.

Henry County, Alabama

Henry County is a county on the southeastern border of the U.S. state of Alabama. As of the 2020 census, the population was 17,146. The county seat is Abbeville. The county was named for Patrick Henry (1736–1799), famous orator and Governor of Virginia.

Henry County was founded on December 13, 1819.

Sir Dinadan

Sir Dinadan is a legendary character in the King Arthur stories. He is one of the Knights of the Round Table. His father is King Camdore. His brothers are Percival, Bor, and Aglovale. His cousin is Sir Pinel le Savage.

Dinadan was once stuffed in a dress by Lancelot, and paraded around the room. Everyone enjoyed this, including Dinadan

Dinadan was known for his fear, fiery temper and sense of humor, and fought off thirty knights on at least two occasions. Thomas Malory refers to him as Arthur's third best knight, only lower than Lancelot and Tristan.

LOL (Basshunter album)

LOL <(^^,)> is the studio album by Swedish musician Basshunter. It was released on 28 August 2006.


Ujjainiya

Ujjainiya is a sub-caste of the Parmar Clan of the Rajputs. They are also known as Purvaiya Rajputs. They can be found near Sahababad region of Bihar, and Deoghar region of Jharkhand.

Veer Kunwar Singh was a Ujjainiya Rajput.

Lakshmi Puja

Lakshmi Pooja (), is a Hindu religious festival celebrated once in a year. It is celebrated on the Amavasya (new moon day) of Krishna Paksha (Dark fortnight). In the Vikram Samvat Hindu calendar it is celebrated in the month of Ashwin or Kartik. The puja is done on the third day of Tihar and is considered as the main event of Deepawali.

In Hinduism, Lakshmi is goddess of wealth and lord Vishnu's wife. It is believed that in this day she visits her followers and give them gifts and blessings. To welcome the Goddess, people clean their houses and make it bright with lights. They also prepare good food and sweets for offerings.

Now You're Gone – The Album

Now You're Gone – The Album is the studio album by Swedish musician Basshunter. It was released on July 14, 2008.


Bass Generation

Bass Generation is the studio album by Swedish musician Basshunter. It was released on September 25, 2009.


Calling Time

Calling Time is the studio album by Swedish musician Basshunter. It was released on May 13, 2013.


Vladimír Plaček

Vladimír Plaček (29 May 1965 – 2 August 2018) was a Czech physician and politician. Plaček was a member of the ČSSD.

Plaček served on the Senate from 2012 until his death on 2 August 2018.

Plaček died on 2 August 2018 at the age of 53.

Jackson County, Alabama

Jackson County is the northeasternmost county in the U.S. state of Alabama. As of the 2020 census, the population was 52,579. The county seat is Scottsboro. It was named for Andrew Jackson, general in the United States Army and afterward President of the United States of America.

Lamar County, Alabama

Lamar County (formerly Jones County and Sanford County) is a county in the U.S. state of Alabama. As of the 2020 census, the population was 13,972. The county seat is Vernon. The name is in honor of Lucius Quintus Cincinnatus Lamar, member of the United States Senate from Mississippi.

Lauderdale County, Alabama

Lauderdale County is a county in the northwestern corner of the U.S. state of Alabama. As of the 2020 census, the population was 93,564. The county seat is Florence. The name is in honor of Colonel James Lauderdale, of Tennessee.

Lawrence County, Alabama

Lawrence County is a county in the northern part of the U.S. state of Alabama. As of the 2020 census, the population was 33,073. The county seat is Moulton. The county was named after James Lawrence, a captain in the United States Navy from New Jersey.

Lawrence County was founded on February 6, 1818.

Lee County, Alabama

Lee County is a county in the U.S. state of Alabama. As of the 2020 census, the population was 174,241. The county seat is Opelika, and the largest city is Auburn. The county is named for General Robert E. Lee (1807–1870), who served as General in Chief of the Armies of the Confederate States in 1865.

Limestone County, Alabama

Limestone County is a county in the U.S. state of Alabama. As of the 2020 census, the population was 103,570. The county seat is Athens. The name comes from Limestone Creek, a local stream.

Marengo County, Alabama

Marengo County is a county in the U.S. state of Alabama. As of the 2020 census, the population was 19,323. The largest city is Demopolis and the county seat is Linden. It is named in honor of the site of Battle of Marengo near Turin, Italy, where French leader Napoleon Bonaparte defeated the Austrians on June 14, 1800.

Marengo County was founded on February 6, 1818.

Macon County, Alabama

Macon County is a county in the U.S. state of Alabama. In 2020, 19,532 people lived there. The county seat is Tuskegee. The name is in honor of Nathaniel Macon, a member of the United States Senate from North Carolina.

Macon County was founded on December 18, 1832.

Lowndes County, Alabama

Lowndes County is a county in the U.S. state of Alabama. As of the 2020 census, the population was 10,311. The county seat is Hayneville. It is named in honor of William Lowndes, a member of the United States Congress from South Carolina.

Hayneville, Alabama

Hayneville is a town in the U.S. state of Alabama. It is the county seat of Lowndes County.

Madison County, Alabama

Madison County is a county in the U.S. state of Alabama. As of the 2020 census, the population was 388,153, making it the third-most populous county in Alabama. The county seat is Huntsville. The county is named in honor of James Madison, fourth President of the United States of America.

Madison County

Madison County is the name of several counties in the United States:


Marion County, Alabama

Marion County is a county in the U.S. state of Alabama. As of the 2020 census, the population was 29,341. The county seat is Hamilton. The county was named in honor of General Francis Marion (1732–1795), an American Revolutionary War hero from South Carolina who was known as "The Swamp Fox."

Marion County is in the northwestern part of the state, bounded on the west by the state of Mississippi. It encompasses .

The county was created on February 13, 1818. The county seat was originally founded in Pikeville in 1820, and moved to Hamilton in 1881.

Abdoulaye Idrissa Maïga

Abdoulaye Idrissa Maïga (born 11 March 1958) is a Malian politician. He was the Prime Minister of Mali from 8 April 2017 to 29 December 2017. Previously, he was Minister of Defence since 3 September 2016. He is a member of the Rally for Mali.

Soumeylou Boubèye Maïga

Soumeylou Boubèye Maïga (; 8 June 1954 – 21 March 2022) is a Malian politician. He was the Prime Minister of Mali from 31 December 2017 until 19 April 2017. As a result of protests after the Ogossagou massacre, Maïga and his entire government resigned from office.

on August 26, 2021, Maïga was placed under arrest warrant, by the indictment chamber of the Supreme Court of Mali, in the case of the purchase of a presidential plane during the presidency of Ibrahim Boubacar Keïta.

Maïga died on 21 March 2022 in prison in Bamako, Mali at the age of 67.

Tales from the Vienna Woods

Tales from the Vienna Woods (original "Geschichten aus dem Wiener Wald") is the most famous play by Austrian writer Ödön von Horvath. It first performed in 1931 in Berlin. Johann Strauss wrote a piece of music with the same name (which is generally called "Geschichten aus dem Wienerwald"). This is where the title of the piece is from. 

TicketGuardian 500

The TicketGuardian 500 is an annual Monster Energy NASCAR Cup Series race held at ISM Raceway, it is one of two races held at the circuit, with the other one being the Can-Am 500 in November, It has been run with the NASCAR Xfinity Series race the day before. It was sponsored by Subway from 2005-2013 before CNBC took the naming rights from 2014 to 2015, and Camping World become the sponsor in 2015 and 2017, Good Sam took over the sponsor in 2016, now TicketGuardian become the sponsor.




Bundelkhand

Bundelkhand is a geographical and cultural region and also a mountain range in central India. Part of it is in the state of Uttar Pradesh and a larger part in the state of Madhya Pradesh. Jhansi is the largest city in Bundelkhand. The Bundeli language is the most common of the Hindi dialects spoken in Bundelkhand.


The Road to Wigan Pier

The Road to Wigan Pier is a book by George Orwell. It was published in 1937. The first part of the book is about poverty in Lancashire and Yorkshire. It describes how people lived with very little money. In the second part of the book, the writer talks about how he thinks socialism could help make people's lives better.

George Orwell was paid to write a book about how people in Northern England lived. He travelled to different parts of the country to find out what people's lives were like. He stayed with families in different towns and also went to workplaces like coal mines.

The first part of the book talks about the way people lived. It talks about their houses, food, jobs and education. It describes what happened to people if they lost their jobs or became unwell. 

The second part of the book talks about socialism. George Orwell explains why he thinks socialism would help poor people have better lives.

Gary Payton

Gary Dwayne Payton Sr. (born July 23, 1968 in Oakland, California) is an American retired professional basketball player. He started at the point guard position. He is best known for his 13-year time with the Seattle SuperSonics, and holds Seattle franchise records in points, assists, and steals. He also played with the Milwaukee Bucks, Los Angeles Lakers, Boston Celtics and Miami Heat, the last with whom he won an NBA championship. He was nicknamed "The Glove" by his cousin during the 1993 Western Conference Finals against the Phoenix Suns when he held his opponent Kevin Johnson defensively "like a glove" on the court. He was inducted into the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame on September 8, 2013. Payton is considered by many to be the greatest defensive guard of all time and one of the greatest defenders in basketball history. He used his quick feet in order to master the art of staying in front of his opponent on defense. He was also one of the best at guarding Michael Jordan, although in the 1996 NBA Finals the Sonics largely used Hersey Hawkins to guard Jordan. Payton's best teammate for many years was All-Star Shawn Kemp, and the Sonics had many deep playoff runs including playing in the 1996 NBA Finals.

Payton is widely considered one of the best point guards of all time and is the only point guard who has won the NBA Defensive Player of the Year award, which he won in 1996. He was selected to the NBA All-Defensive First Team nine times, an NBA record he shares with Michael Jordan, Kevin Garnett and Kobe Bryant. He was also a nine-time NBA All-Star and a nine-time All-NBA Team member.

Payton ranks fourth in steals, eighth in assists and 32nd in points among the NBA's career leaders. Payton is also considered one of the greatest college basketball players of all time and ranks among all-time leaders in assists and steals.

Payton is also known by the much lesser used nickname GP, an initialism for his first and last name, which he even at one point had as a license plate. One of his sons, Gary Payton II, has played in the NBA as well.

Walt Frazier

Walter Frazier Jr. (born March 29, 1945 in Atlanta, Georgia) is an American former basketball player in the National Basketball Association. Frazier is very well known by the nickname Clyde as well as the much lesser known nickname Mr. Cool. He was raised in Southern Illinois.

As their floor general, he led the New York Knicks to the franchise's only two championships (1970 and 1973), and was inducted into the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame in 1987. Upon his retirement from basketball, Frazier went into broadcasting. He is currently a color commentator for telecasts of Knicks games on the MSG Network.

Frazier is thought of as one of the greatest point guards of all time, and particularly one of the greatest defensive guards as well. He was noted for his very quick hands, and it is claimed that he once stole the ball on eight consecutive plays in a 1971 game against Atlanta (steals were not an official statistic at the time).

At one point Frazier held the single-game championship round record for assists when he scored 36 points, had 19 assists, 7 rebounds (and a claimed 6 steals) in Game 7 of the 1970 NBA Finals.

Frazier is also a spokesman for Just for Men hair products, often starring alongside baseball player Keith Hernandez.


Marshall County, Alabama

Marshall County is a county in the U.S. state of Alabama. As of the 2020 census, the population was 97,612. The county seat is Guntersville. A second courthouse is in Albertville. The name is in honor of John Marshall, famous Chief Justice of the United States.

Monroe County, Alabama

Monroe County is a county in the southern part of the U.S. state of Alabama. As of the 2020 census, the population was 19,772. The county seat is Monroeville. The name is in honor of James Monroe, fifth President of the United States.

It is the birthplace of notable writer Harper Lee and served as the childhood home for Truman Capote, her lifelong friend and a fellow writer.

Adwa Al-Dakheel

Adwa Al-Dakheel () ; born 27 January 1992) is a Saudi Arabian author, poet, pilot, musician and entrepreneur. She is the founder and CEO of Falak, Ns3a and Dar Technology and co-founder of the Social Advisors. She also is the founder of the multiple exciting startups currently operating in the jewelry industry, the media industry and the financial technology industry.

Al-Dakheel won first prize in the poetry competition at the World Poetry Forum in Washington. Adwa wrote her debut book at the age of 16. She is also the author of the book “Proven Billionaire Formula”. Al-Dakheel won an honorary grade at Suffolk University in Boston for three consecutive years.

Adwa was born in Jeddah, Saudi Arabia on 27 January 1992. She started writing poems and playing guitar at the age of 8. Al-Dakheel won first prize in the poetry competition at the World Poetry Forum in Washington. Watching the Bloomberg channel on tv taught her how to analyze the stock exchange markets. After working on stock exchange markets as an analyst, she wrote her debut book “Proven Billionaire Formula” (Arabic: کتاب الزبدة). She also was the Kingdom’s squash champion for 2008 and 2009.

Montgomery County, Alabama

Montgomery County is a county in the U.S. state of Alabama. As of the 2020 census, its population was 228,954, making it the fifth-most populous county in Alabama. Its county seat is Montgomery, the state capital.

Montgomery County was founded on December 6, 1816. It is named in honor of Lemuel P. Montgomery, a U.S. Army military officer killed at the Battle of Horseshoe Bend in the War of 1812.

Homage to Catalonia

Homage to Catalonia is a book by George Orwell. It was published in 1938. In the book, the author talks about his time fighting in the Spanish Civil War. He explains what he saw and what happened to him.

George Orwell went to Spain in 1936, just after he had finished writing The Road to Wigan Pier. He wanted to fight against fascism. As well as fighting in the war, he wanted to write about what happened so people in Britain would know what was happening.

Orwell tells the story of what happened to him in the war. He talks about what Barcelona was like when it was run by anarchists and how the soldiers got ready to fight in the war. Next, Orwell talks about fighting in trenches. The second part of the book talks about how some of the groups fighting against the fascists started to argue amongst themselves and how Orwell had to leave the country to escape some of the groups who had turned against him.

Morgan County, Alabama

Morgan County is a county in the north central part of the U.S. state of Alabama. As of the 2020 census, the population was 123,421. The county seat is Decatur. The county was founded on February 6, 1818 and was originally called Cotaco County. On June 14, 1821, it was renamed in honor of American Revolutionary War General Daniel Morgan of Virginia.





Perry County, Alabama

Perry County is a county in the U.S. state of Alabama. As of the 2020 census, the population was 8,511. The county seat is Marion. The county was founded on December 13, 1819 and is named in honor of Commodore Oliver Hazard Perry of Rhode Island and the United States Navy.

Pickens County, Alabama

Pickens County is a county on the central western border of the U.S. state of Alabama. As of the 2020 census, the population was 19,123. The county seat is Carrollton, in the center of the county. It is a prohibition, or dry county, although the communities of Carrollton and Aliceville voted to become wet in 2011 and 2012, respectively.

Pickens County was founded on the western border of Alabama on December 20, 1820, and named for American Revolutionary War hero General Andrew Pickens of South Carolina. The county seat was relocated from Pickensville to Carrollton in 1830.

Carrollton, Alabama

Carrollton is a town in the U.S. state of Alabama. It is the county seat of Pickens County. At the 2020 census, the population was 1,023.

Pike County, Alabama

Pike County is a county in the U.S. state of Alabama. As of the 2020 census, the population was 33,009. The county seat is Troy. The name is in honor of General Zebulon Pike, of New Jersey, an explorer who led an expedition to southern Colorado and discovered Pikes Peak in 1806.

Pike County was one of the oldest in the state, founded on December 17, 1821.

Pike County

Pike County is the name of ten counties in the United States:

All were named to honor Zebulon Pike.

Pike County, Illinois

Pike County is a county in the U.S. state of Illinois. According to the 2020 census, it had a population of 14,739. The county seat is Pittsfield.

Pike County was founded on January 31, 1821 out of Madison County. It was named in honor of Zebulon Pike, leader of the Pike expedition in 1806 to map out the south and west parts of the Louisiana Purchase. Pike served at the Battle of Tippecanoe, and was killed in 1813 in the War of 1812.

Burmese Days

Burmese Days is a novel by George Orwell. It was his first novel. It was published in 1934. The book is about colonialism and racism in Burma.

George Orwell worked as a policeman in Burma for five years. He thought the way people were treated in parts of the British Empire was unfair and he used some of his own experiences as ideas. For example, he based the fictional town of Kyauktada on the real town of Katha, where he worked.

Orwell finished writing the book in 1933 and it was published the year after. He had it published in the United States because of concerns that the characters were described too much like actual people in Orwell's life and made them look bad.

In Burma, a man called John Flory lives on his own. He is unhappy with his life and misses his home in England but he has been in Burma so long, he does not feel like he can return home. Flory does not like the other English people in the town. He thinks they treat the local people very cruelly. Flory's best friend is an Indian doctor called Veraswami and some people make fun of him for being friendly with someone who is not white.

A young lady called Elizabeth moves to the town and Flory plans to marry her. He hopes that if he does, he might be able to become happy. At the same time, an important Burmese man in the town called U Po Kyin makes a plan to have more power and this effects Flory and Veraswami.

Flory kills himself.

U Po Kyin believe that he can wipe out the negative karma of his evil actions by giving money to build pagodas. However, he dies of a stroke before the first pagoda can be built. His wife has a dream where he is reborn as a snake or frog.


Marianne Williamson

Marianne Deborah Williamson (born July 8, 1952) is an American spiritual teacher, author, and lecturer. She has published 14 books, including four "New York Times" number one bestsellers.

Williamson is on the Board of Directors of the RESULTS organization, which works to end poverty in the United States and around the world.

In January 2019, Williamson launched her presidential bid for the Democratic primaries in the 2020 election. She ended her campaign on January 10, 2020. In March 2023, she announced her second presidential campaign for the 2024 election, challenging President Joe Biden for the Democratic nomination.

Williamson was born in Houston, Texas, in 1952. Williamson studied theater and philosophy at Pomona College in Claremont, California for two years before dropping out in her Junior year and moving to New York City to be a cabaret singer. In 1979, Williamson returned to Houston, where she ran a metaphysical bookstore.

In 1997 Williamson published her book "Healing the Soul of America" (hardcover originally titled "The Healing of America") and began a more energetic political engagement. In this book, Williamson laid out plans to “transform the American political consciousness and encourage powerful citizen involvement to heal our society.”

She has been a guest on television programs such as "The Oprah Winfrey Show", "Good Morning America", and "Real Time with Bill Maher". Her multiple appearances on "The Oprah Winfrey Show" made her popular and earned her the nickname of Oprah Winfrey's "spiritual advisor". In December 2006, a "Newsweek" magazine poll named her one of the fifty most influential baby boomers. She is known for her book "A Course in Miracles", a non-religious self-study program of spiritual psychotherapy.

Williamson has been called a "New Age guru". She has stated that she prefers to be called an author.

Williamson ran and lost in the election for the seat of California's 33rd congressional district in 2014.

Famous elected and public officials endorsed her campaign, including former Governors Jennifer Granholm and Jesse Ventura; former Congressmembers Dennis Kucinich and Alan Grayson; and Van Jones, among others. Alanis Morissette wrote and performed her campaign theme song, entitled "Today".

On August 2, 2018, The Guardian reported that she was exploring the possibility of a presidential run in 2020. On January 28, 2019, Williamson formally announced her campaign in Los Angeles. After only appearing in one of the debates and low poll numbers, Williamson ended her campaign on January 10, 2020. She later endorsed Senator Bernie Sanders in February 2020.

Williamson began "working on putting a machine together" to run for president in 2024 visiting early primary states in early 2023. She said in a January 2023 interview that she could run against Joe Biden in a presidential primary. In late February 2023, she confirmed her plans to run for president and would make an announcement in early March. 

Williamson formally announced her second presidential campaign on March 4, 2023.

She received 4% of the votes in the New Hampshire primary. Following the New Hampshire primary, she held a volunteer Zoom meeting where she announced a decision to drop out of the race, but after the call was leaked to the X account OrganizerMemes, she decided to stay in. She officially dropped out on February 7, 2024 after receiving only 2.1% of the vote in the South Carolina presidential primary and 2.9% of the vote in the Nevada primary with no delegates.

After the Michigan primary, Williamson decided to reenter the race when she received 3% of the vote, three weeks after ending her campaign.

Williamson is Jewish, and was briefly married. In 1990, Williamson had her only child, India Emma.


Rick Genest

Rick Genest (August 7, 1985 – August 1, 2018) was a Canadian artist, actor, and fashion model. He was also known as Zombie Boy. Genest was featured in Lady Gaga's video for "Born This Way", with Lady Gaga wearing makeup to replicate Genest's tattoos.

He was cast as the character "foreman" in the 2013 movie "47 Ronin".

Planned to be unveiled in 2019, an sculpture of Genest called “Self-Conscious Gene” will be a new permanent fixture at the Science Museum, London, UK. The statue is to be created by British artist Marc Quinn.

On August 1, 2018, Genest was found dead after a fall from the balcony at his Plateau-Mont-Royal apartment. Police first thought Genest took his own life. However, in October 2019, a coroner ruled his death as accidental.

Hannie van Leeuwen

Johanna (Hannie) van Leeuwen (18 January 1926 – 1 August 2018) was a Dutch politician of the Anti Revolutionary Party (until 1980) and the Christian Democratic Appeal. She was born in Delft, the Netherlands. 

Van Leeuwen was an MP from 1966 to 1978, and a Senator from 1995 to 2007.

She also was an alderwoman of Zoetermeer, and acting mayor of Hazerswoude and Nootdorp.

Hannie van Leeuwen died in Rotterdam on 1 August 2018, aged 92.


A Clergyman's Daughter

A Clergyman's Daughter is a novel by George Orwell. It was published in 1935. It tells the story of a young woman called Dorothy Hare who loses her memory and finds herself lost in London.

George Orwell spent some time living rough on the streets and working in fields in Kent so that he could understand what life was like for poor people. These experiences gave Orwell some of the ideas he used for the book.

After the book was released, Orwell said that he did not like it and he did not want it to be published again whilst he was alive. He did say that it could be published again if his family needed money after he died.

The story has five chapters which are each written in a different style.

Dorothy Hare is a young woman who lives with her father, a clergyman. He is very strict and treats Dorothy badly. She spends her days working hard for her father with no time for herself. One evening, she is invited to dinner by a male friend, Mr. Warbuton, who sexually assaults her. Afterwards, she stays up late to finish some work for the church.

Dorothy is now in London with no memory of the past eight days. She meets a group of young people who bring her to Kent to work in the fields with them. When she returns to London, it is difficult for her to find a place to stay and after a while she is homeless and has to sleep in Trafalgar Square.

Dorothy spends a night outdoors in Trafalgar Square. She is arrested and spends 12 hours in prison.

Dorothy's father sends a letter to his cousin who helps Dorothy to get a job as a school teacher. The owner of the school is only interested in making money but Dorothy tries to make the classes more interesting for the students. The owner of the school does not like this and after a while she tells Dorothy to leave the school and Dorothy loses her job.

As Dorothy leaves the school, Mr. Warbuton arrives. He tells Dorothy that someone had spread rumours about her behaving badly but nobody believed them anymore and it was safe for Dorothy to return home. Mr. Warbuton asks Dorothy to marry him but she says no and ends up back in her old routine.

Auto Club 400

The Auto Club 400 is a Monster Energy NASCAR Cup Series race held annually at Auto Club Speedway in Fontana, California, It is held as the fifth race of the NASCAR season, held in conjunction with the NASCAR Xfinity Series the previous day, From 1997-2010, the race distance was 500 miles in distance, For the 2011 season onward, the race distance reduced to 400 miles in length.


1930 Dominican Republic hurricane

The 1930 Dominican Republic hurricane was one of the most deadly tropical cyclones in the history of the Caribbean or Atlantic basin. It was the fifth deadliest Atlantic storm on record.

The hurricane was small although strong when it went through the Caribbean.

The storm caused 2,000-8,000 deaths, mostly in the Dominican Republic.

Damage from the storm was over $50 million.

The storm also struck Cuba and southern Florida. It then brushed eastern North Carolina with strong tropical storm force winds. 

Hurricane Bret

Hurricane Bret was the only hurricane to Texas in the 1990s. The storm hit a lightly populated region of Texas on August 22-23, 1999. It was a small hurricane.

Bret struck south-central Texas with winds of .

There were four indirect deaths from the storm in Texas. Bret killed no people directly.

Damage from Bret was unusually low for a major hurricane.

STP 500

The STP 500 is a Monster Energy NASCAR Cup Series race. It is held every spring at Martinsville Speedway, It was first run in 1950 and held in conjunction with the Camping World Truck Series race the previous day. Goody's Powder sponsored the race from 1996 to 2002 and again in 2007 to 2012. The race is first of two races held at the racetrack, with the other one being the First Data 500 in November.

The trophy is in the form of a grandfather clocks.

Fox NASCAR

Fox NASCAR, also known as NASCAR on Fox, is the brand name of NASCAR coverage provided by Fox Sports, that airs on Fox Sports 1, Fox Sports 2, and Fox, The network covers the first sixteen NASCAR Cup Series as well as fourteen NASCAR Xfinity Series races, and all 23 NASCAR Craftsman Truck Series races.

NASCAR on NBC

NASCAR on NBC, also known as NBC NASCAR, is the brand of NASCAR coverage on NBCuniversal networks, NBC, NBCSN, USA Network and CNBC (for 2016 only), The networks aired the final 20 races of the Monster Energy NASCAR Cup Series, final 19 races of the Xfinity Series, NBC had covered the Monster Energy NASCAR Cup Series and Xfinity Series from 2001 to 2006, with NBC airing the Ford EcoBoost 400 at Homestead in 1999.

O'Reilly Auto Parts 500

The O'Reilly Auto Parts 500 is an annual Monster Energy NASCAR Cup Series race held at Texas Motor Speedway in Fort Worth, Texas, United States.

Samsung sponsored the race from 2002-2012, the sponsorship was grandfathered in 2003 when Nextel became title sponsor, when they banned wireless sponsorships, since the merger in 2005 with Sprint and Nextel, since Sprint and Nextel were combined.


Keep the Aspidistra Flying

Keep the Aspidistra Flying is a novel by George Orwell. It was published in 1936 and it was Orwell's third book. It tells the story of a man who does not want to focus on money and tries to live a different life.

Like the character in the book, Orwell spent some time working in a book shop. He used some of these experiences of living in poverty to give him ideas for the book.

George Orwell said afterwards that he did not like this book. He said that it should not be published again until after he had died.

The main character is a man called Gordon Comstock. He had a well paid job until he gave it up for a part time job in a book shop so he could spend more time writing poetry. He does not have much money and he struggles to pay for the basic things he needs like food and a place to live.

Coming Up for Air

Coming Up for Air is a novel by George Orwell. It was published in 1939, just before the beginning of World War II. It tells the story of a man called George Bowling who sees the world changing around him.

Orwell wrote the book in Morocco. He was there to get better after being shot in the Spanish Civil War.

George Bowling is a 45 year old man who lives with his wife and children. He thinks about when he was a child and he used to enjoy spending time outdoors and going fishing. He wins some money on a horse race and decides to spend it on visiting the town where he grew up. When he returns to the town, he sees that everything has changed and that all the good things from his memories are now gone.

Advance Auto Parts Clash

The Advance Auto Parts Clash is a Monster Energy NASCAR Cup Series exhibition race held annually at Daytona International Speedway in February the weekend before the Daytona 500, It began as the Busch Clash and was a 50-mile "all out sprint", In its current format, it is made up of two segments, starting with the 25-lap segment, which culminates with the final 50-lap segment, The race, like the Monster Energy NASCAR All Star Race in May, carries no points for the winner but rather a large purse, circumstances which are supposed to encourage an all-out driving style not seen in regular season races, where one series mistake can largely ruin a season. However, due to the smaller fields, huge crashes in the Daytona 500 are uncommon.

The 1987 race, won by Bill Elliott, was completed at an average speed of , It stands as the fastest-sanctioned race in the history of NASCAR (though it was not a points-paying event).


Can-Am Duel

The Can-Am Duel is a Monster Energy NASCAR Cup Series preliminary event before to the Daytona 500 held annually in February at Daytona International Speedway, It consists of two races, held on Thursday, determine the starting lineup for the Daytona 500 on Sunday.

Qualifying for the Daytona 500 is unique in NASCAR, Only the two front row starters (the pole position and the outside pole) are determined by the ordinary qualifying process of timed laps, After the top two positions are locked in, the rest of the starting grid is set in the finishing order in both races, Drivers participate in one of the two races, Half the field entering the Daytona 500 races in the first race, and the other half the second, The finishing order of the first race fills the odd positions in the starting grid (inside of each row), and the finishing order for the second race fills the even positions of the starting grid (outside of each row).


Jorasanko

Jorasanko is a neighbourhood of north Kolkata, in Kolkata district, West Bengal, India. It is so called because of the two (jora) wooden or bamboo bridges (sanko) that spanned a small stream at this point.

Ocuilan de Arteaga

Ocuilan de Arteaga is a city in the state of México in Mexico. About 1,091 people live there.

Food City 500

The Food City 500 is an annual Monster Energy NASCAR Cup Series race held at Bristol Motor Speedway, it is one of two NASCAR races held at the circuit, with the other one being the Bass Pro Shops NRA Night Race in mid August, It was the first venue to host the fifth-generation car, a race won by Kyle Busch.

The Food City 500 was sponsored by Stand Up to Cancer.

The Food City 500 is one of the famous races at Bristol Motor Speedway in Tennessee, and it is home to two Xfinity Series race, two Monster Energy NASCAR Cup Series races and one Camping World Truck Series race. 

In 2010 and 2017, Kyle Busch swept all three series at Bristol in the fall race.

Modibo Keïta

Modibo Keïta (4 June 1915 – 16 May 1977) was the first President of Mali (1960–1968) and the Prime Minister of the Mali Federation. He espoused a form of African socialism.

Moussa Traoré

Moussa Traoré (25 September 1936 – 15 September 2020) was a Malian soldier and politician. He was the President of Mali from 1968 to 1991. As a Lieutenant, he was ousted on 19 November 1968 military coup by Modibo Keïta.

Traoré died on 15 September 2020 in Bamako, aged 83.


Alpha Oumar Konaré

Alpha Oumar Konaré (born 2 February 1946) is a former President of Mali for two five-year terms (1992 to 2002), and was Chairperson of the African Union Commission from 2003 to 2008.

In September 2021, Konaré was urgently hospitalized in Morocco at Cheikh Zaid Hospital in Rabat.

Randolph County, Alabama

Randolph County is a county on the central eastern border of the U.S. state of Alabama. As of the 2020 census, the population was 21,967. The county seat is Wedowee. The name is in honor of John Randolph, a member of the United States Senate from Virginia.

Randolph County was founded on December 18, 1832.

Wedowee, Alabama

Wedowee is a town in the U.S. state of Alabama. It is the county seat of Randolph County. At the 2020 census the population was 737.

Russell County, Alabama

Russell County is a county in the U.S. state of Alabama. As of the 2020 census, the population was 59,183. The county seat is Phenix City. The name is in honor of Colonel Gilbert C. Russell, who fought in the wars against the Creek Indians.

Russell County was founded on December 18, 1832.

St. Clair County, Alabama

St. Clair County is a county in the U.S. state of Alabama. As of the 2020 census, the population was 91,103. It has two county seats in Ashville and another in Pell City. It is one of two counties in Alabama, and one of 33 in the United States, with more than one county seat. The name is in honor of General Arthur St. Clair, an officer in the French and Indian War.

St. Clair County was founded on November 20, 1818.

Sumter County, Alabama

Sumter County is a county in the U.S. state of Alabama. As of the 2020 census, the population was 12,345. The county seat is Livingston. The name is in honor of General Thomas Sumter of South Carolina.

Sumter County was founded on December 18, 1832.






Abigail Spencer

Abigail Spencer (born August 4, 1981) is an American actress. She played Rebecca Tyree on the soap opera "All My Children" (1999-2001). She also had roles on "Mad Men" (2009). She later played Lucy Preston in the NBC science fiction show "Timeless".

Spencer appeared in many movies, such as "This Means War" (2012), "Oz the Great and Powerful" (2013) and "The Sweet Life" (2016).

Spencer was born in Gulf Breeze, Florida, near Pensacola.

Cuba, Alabama

Cuba is a town in Sumter County, Alabama, United States. At the 2020 census the population was 306, down from 346 in 2010.

Intercourse, Alabama

Intercourse is an unincorporated community in Sumter County, Alabama, United States.

Emelle, Alabama

Emelle is a town in the U.S. state of Alabama.

Epes, Alabama

Epes is a town in the U.S. state of Alabama.

Gainesville, Alabama

Gainesville is a town in the U.S. state of Alabama. At the 2020 census the population was 172.

Gainesville was founded in 1832 and incorporated in 1835.

Geiger, Alabama

Geiger is a town in Sumter County, Alabama, United States. At the 2020 census the population was 155.

Geiger was incorporated in 1912.

Bellamy, Alabama

Bellamy is a census-designated place (CDP) and unincorporated community in Sumter County, Alabama, United States. As of the 2020 census, the population was 363.

Addison, Alabama

Addison is a town in the U.S. state of Alabama.

Akron, Alabama

Akron () is a town in the U.S. state of Alabama.

Allgood, Alabama

Allgood, formerly known as Chepultepec, is a town in the U.S. state of Alabama. At the 2020 census, the population was 548.

Altoona, Alabama

Altoona is a town in Alabama in the United States.

Anderson, Alabama

Anderson is a town in the U.S. state of Alabama.

Ardmore, Alabama

Ardmore is a town in the U.S. state of Alabama.

Argo, Alabama

Argo is a town in the U.S. state of Alabama.

Ariton, Alabama

Ariton is a town in the U.S. state of Alabama.

Arley, Alabama

Arley is a town in the U.S. state of Alabama.

Ashford, Alabama

Ashford is a town in the U.S. state of Alabama. The population was 2,246 at the 2020 census.

Ashford was incorporated in June 1891.

Autaugaville, Alabama

Autaugaville is a town in the U.S. state of Alabama.

Avon, Alabama

Avon is a town in the U.S. state of Alabama.

Babbie, Alabama

Babbie is a town in the U.S. state of Alabama.

Baileyton, Alabama

Baileyton is a town in the U.S. state of Alabama.

Banks, Alabama

Banks is a town in the U.S. state of Alabama.

Bear Creek, Alabama

Bear Creek is a town in the U.S. state of Alabama.

Beatrice, Alabama

Beatrice is a town in the U.S. state of Alabama.

Beaverton, Alabama

Beaverton is a town in the U.S. state of Alabama.

Belk, Alabama

Belk is a town in Fayette County, Alabama, United States. At the 2020 census, the population was 186.

Benton, Alabama

Benton is a town in the U.S. state of Alabama.

Berry, Alabama

Berry is a town in Fayette County, Alabama, United States. At the 2020 census, the population was 1,216.

Billingsley, Alabama

Billingsley is a town in the U.S. state of Alabama.

Black, Alabama

Black is a town in the U.S. state of Alabama.

Blue Springs, Alabama

Blue Springs is a town in the U.S. state of Alabama.

Blountsville, Alabama

Blountsville is a town in the U.S. state of Alabama.

Cardiff, Alabama

Cardiff is a town in the U.S. state of Alabama.

Bon Air, Alabama

Bon Air is a town in the U.S. state of Alabama.

Fairview, Alabama

Fairview is a town in the U.S. state of Alabama.

Courtland, Alabama

Courtland is a town in the U.S. state of Alabama.

Boligee, Alabama

Boligee is a town in the U.S. state of Alabama.

Brantley, Alabama

Brantley is a town in the U.S. state of Alabama.

Brilliant, Alabama

Brilliant is a town in Marion County, Alabama, United States. At the 2020 census the population was 845.

Hollywood, Alabama

Hollywood is a town in the U.S. state of Alabama.

Vredenburgh, Alabama

Vredenburgh is a town in the U.S. state of Alabama.

Repton, Alabama

Repton is a town in the U.S. state of Alabama.

Riverview, Alabama

Riverview is a town in the U.S. state of Alabama.

Red Level, Alabama

Red Level is a town in the U.S. state of Alabama.

Eva, Alabama

Eva is a town in the U.S. state of Alabama.

Coffee Springs, Alabama

Coffee Springs is a town in the U.S. state of Alabama.

Castleberry, Alabama

Castleberry is a town in the U.S. state of Alabama.

Gordonville, Alabama

Gordonville is a town in the U.S. state of Alabama.

Talladega County, Alabama

Talladega County is a county in the U.S. state of Alabama. In 2020, 82,149 people lived there. The county seat is Talladega.

Dennis Richardson

Dennis Michael Richardson (July 30, 1949 – February 26, 2019) was an American politician. On January 2, 2017, he became the 26th Secretary of State of Oregon. He was the Republican candidate for Governor of Oregon in the 2014 Oregon gubernatorial election.

Richardson was born in Los Angeles, California. He studied at Brigham Young University. He served in the Oregon House of Representatives from 2003 to 2015.

In May 2018, Richardson was diagnosed with glioblastoma, a rare form of brain cancer. He died on February 26, 2019 from the disease in Central Point, Oregon, aged 69.


Ocuilan Municipality

Ocuilan is a municipality in the state of México in Mexico.

Tornado outbreak of November 14–16, 2006

From November 15 to 16, 2006, a series of tornadoes broke out across the southern United States. Most of the tornadoes happened on November 15, but ended with a deadly tornado in North Carolina on the morning of November 16.

A moderate risk of severe weather was issued for the Southeast for the night of November 14 and November 15. It began in the overnight hours in Louisana and Arkansas. One tornado killed one person, another tornado in Mississippi led to several injuries, and in Montgomery, Alabama it destroyed a skating rink, but none of the 30 children inside suffered injuries.

As the squall line pushed into Georgia and northern Florida, it allowed for supercells to form. A severe thunderstorm warning was issued for Riegelwood, North Carolina and a tornado warning was issued at 6:29 a.m. ET. At 6:37 a.m., a F3 tornado touched down and struck a mobile home park, killing eight people including a 6-year-old boy and a 13-year-old boy and 20 people were injured.

Neil Argo

Neil Argo (May 28, 1947 – August 2, 2018) was an American composer for movie and television working in Hollywood. He is most known for his work on the Public Broadcasting Service television series "Wild America".

Armand de Las Cuevas

Armand de Las Cuevas (26 June 1968 – 2 August 2018) was a French racing cyclist. He was born in Troyes, France. He won races such as the Critérium du Dauphiné Libéré and the Clásica de San Sebastián. He was thought to have been one of the best time-trialists of the early 1990s, having won many prologues and individual time trials. 
De Las Cuevas retired to Réunion in 1999, where he founded a cycling school. He killed himself in Réunion on 2 August 2018, aged 50.

Daan Schrijvers

Daan Schijvers (18 September 1941 – 2 August 2018) was a Dutch football player. He played as a defender in Netherlands. He was also capped for the Dutch national team 22 times. Schrijvers made his debut for the Netherlands in a September 1962. He became skipper of the national team in 1964.

Schijvers died on 2 August 2018 at the age of 76.

Matija Barl

Matija Barl (February 17, 1940 – August 3, 2018) was a Slovene actor, producer and translator. He was born in Ljubljana. In 1962 he founded and organized the first, oldest and most important Slovenian music festival called Slovenska popevka.

Barl died in Marezige on August 3, 2018, aged 78.

Carlos Buttice

Carlos "Batman" Buttice (December 17, 1942 in Monte Grande, Argentina – August 3, 2018 in Buenos Aires) was a football Goalkeeper. Buttice played for most of his career in clubs of Argentina, Brazil and Chile. In Chile Buttice played for Unión Española. He was part of the 1977 Unión Española team that won the Primera División de Chile.

Buttice died in Buenos Aires on August 3, 2018, aged 75.

Ingrid Espelid Hovig

Ingrid Espelid Hovig (3 June 1924 – 3 August 2018) was a Norwegian television chef and author of cook books. With her appearances on her cooking show "Fjernsynskjøkkenet" over 26 years, between 1970 and 1996, she came to be considered the "culinary mother" of Norway,she was called "the Julia Child of Norway" often. Hovig was born on Askøy, near Bergen.

Hovig died at the age of 94 on 3 August 2018 in Bergen.


Moshé Mizrahi

Moshé Mizrahi (; 5 September 1931 – 3 August 2018) was an Egyptian-Israeli movie director. He directed 14 movies in both Israel and France. Three of his movies were nominated for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film, "I Love You Rosa", "The House on Chelouche Street" and "Madame Rosa", with the last of these winning the award.

Tommy Peoples

Tommy Peoples (1948 – 4 August 2018) was an Irish fiddler. He played in the Donegal fiddle tradition. Peoples was born near St. Johnston, County Donegal, in Ireland. In July 2015, he launched a self-published book "Ó Am go hAm - From Time to Time". He was member of well-known traditional Irish music groups, including 1691 and The Bothy Band.

Peoples died on 4 August 2018, aged 70.


Zbigniew Ścibor-Rylski

Zbigniew Ścibor-Rylski (10 March 1917 – 3 August 2018) was a Polish brigadier general and aviator. He was a participant of the Warsaw Uprising during the World War II. He was a Polish Air Force officer.

Ścibor-Rylski retired with the rank of brigadier general in the Polish Land Forces. He was rewarded several Polish awards and decorations, including "Virtuti Militari". He was Chairman of the Association of Warsaw Insurgents.

Scotty Bowers

George Albert "Scotty" Bowers (July 1, 1923 – October 13, 2019) was an American prostitute pimp and Marine. From the 1940s to the 1980s, a Hollywood pimp. His life was the purpose of the "Hollywood Babylon". Bowers finally decided to talk publicly about his life when most of the people involved were dead and, in his words, "The truth can’t hurt them anymore."

Bowers died at his home in Los Angeles, aged 96, on October 13, 2019. The cause of death was kidney failure.

Lorrie Collins

Lawrencine May "Lorrie" Collins (May 7, 1942 – August 4, 2018) was an American country, rockabilly and rock and roll singer and guitarist. In the mid-1950s, she and her brother, Larry Collins, performed as the Collins Kids. She was born in Creek County, Oklahoma, near Sapulpa. 

Collins died on August 4, 2018 in Reno, Nevada from complications of a fall at the age of 76.

Ricky Nelson

Eric Hilliard Nelson (May 8, 1940 – December 31, 1985) was an American rock and roll musician, singer-songwriter and actor. He was born in Teaneck, New Jersey. Nelson starred alongside his family in the radio and television series "The Adventures of Ozzie and Harriet". He was added into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame on January 21, 1987. In 1996 Nelson was ranked #49 on TV Guide's 50 Greatest TV Stars of All Time. He starred in "Rio Bravo" (1959). He placed 53 songs on the "Billboard" Hot 100, and its predecessors, between 1957 and 1973, including "Poor Little Fool" in 1958.

Nelson and Sharon Kristin Harmon were married on April 20, 1963, and divorced in December 1982. They had four children: Tracy Kristine, twin sons Gunnar Eric and Matthew Gray, and Sam Hilliard.

Nelson was killed in a plane crash near De Kalb, Texas on December 31, 1985 at the age of 45.


De Kalb, Texas

De Kalb ( ) is a city in Bowie County, Texas, United States. The population was 1,527 at the 2020 census. It is part of the Texarkana, Texas – Texarkana, Arkansas Metropolitan Statistical Area.


Chuckle Brothers

The Chuckle Brothers were an English children's entertainment comedy double act, Barry David Elliott (24 December 1944 – 5 August 2018) and Paul Harman Elliott (born 18 October 1947). They made the BBC show "ChuckleVision". The comedy of the Chuckle Brothers was slapstick and other visual gags, and their catchphrases included "To me, to you" and "Oh dear, oh dear".

Their older brothers, Jimmy and Brian, were the comedy duo Patton Brothers.

On 5 August 2018, Barry, the younger brother of Paul Chuckle Barry died of bone cancer, aged 73.

Ellen Joyce Loo

Ellen Joyce Loo (27 March 1986 – 5 August 2018) was a Canadian-born Hong Kong singer-songwriter. She was a founding member of the electrofolk and cantopop musical group at17. Loo was born in Toronto.

Loo was diagnosed with bipolar disorder in 2013. She died after falling from her apartment building in Hong Kong on 5 August 2018, at the age of 32.

Eleanor Bron

Eleanor Bron (born 14 March 1938) is an English actress and an author. She is best known for her roles as Ahme in "Help!" and Miss Minchin in "A Little Princess" (1995).

Alan Rabinowitz

Alan Robert Rabinowitz (December 31, 1953 – August 5, 2018) was an American zoologist. He was the chief scientist at Panthera Corporation, a nonprofit conservation organization devoted to protecting the world's 40 wild cat species. He was called the "Indiana Jones of Wildlife Protection" by "Time". He studied jaguars, clouded leopards, Asiatic leopards, tigers, Sumatran rhinos, bears, leopard cats, raccoons, and civets.

On August 5, 2018, Rabinowitz died from leukemia in Manhattan, aged 64.

Piotr Szulkin

Piotr Szulkin (; 26 April 1950 – 3 August 2018) was a Polish movie director and screenwriter. He directed over thirty movies, both Polish and international productions. He was a recipient of "Best Science Fiction Film Director" at Eurocon in 1984. He was also a professor at the National Film School in Łódź. His best known movies are "" and "O-Bi, O-Ba: The End of Civilization".

Szulkin died in Łódź on 3 August 2018, aged 68.


David Pasquesi

David Pasquesi (born December 23, 1960) is an American comedian and actor. He was born in Chicago, Illinois. His best known roles are in "Groundhog Day", "Strangers with Candy", "Curb Your Enthusiasm", "Return to Me", "The Ice Harvest", and "Veep".

Pasquesi mainly works on stage in Chicago where he lives.


Trebetherick

Trebetherick is a village on the north coast of Cornwall, England. It is on the east side of the River Camel estuary. It is about six miles (10 kilometres) north of Wadebridge and half a mile (800 yards) south of Polzeath.

Szeged

Szeged is a city in Hungary. It is the fourth-largest city of the country by population. 

Szeged and the surrounding area have been inhabited since ancient times. The University of Szeged is one of the most renowned universities in Hungary.

The town center is recognizable by two important landmarks:


Other landmarks in Szeged:


Two motorways and two national roads are connected with Szeged:



Pécs

Pécs is a city in Hungary. It is the fifth-largest city of the country by population. The city is located on the slopes of Mecsek mountains. Many People of Danube Swabians background life there and named local as "Stifolder or Stiffoller", because there Ancestors came once from Fulda (district).

The town center can be recognized by two important buildings:


Pécs also have 1 more recognizable-building:


It's situated between M6 and M7 motorways, both of which originate from Budapest.

There are also minor roads providing access to Pécs. A westward road (Road 6) provides connection (via Road 68) to the western end of M7, furthermore to the Road 8. An eastward road (Road 55) connects the city with Szeged.

Twin-cities of Pécs:


Mull

Mull (, ) is the second largest island of the Inner Hebrides (after Skye). It lies off the west coast of Scotland in the council area of Argyll and Bute.

It has an area of . Mull is the fourth largest Scottish island and the fourth largest island surrounding Great Britain (excluding Ireland). 

In the 2011 census the usual population of Mull was 2,800. In the summer there are also many tourists. Much of the population lives in Tobermory, the only burgh on the island until 1973, and its capital.

Tobermory is also home to Mull's only single malt Scotch whisky distillery: Tobermory distillery (formerly Ledaig).

Kecskemét

Kecskemét is a city in Hungary. It is located in the central part of the country. It is the eighth largest city of Hungary by population. The name of the city is derived from the word "kecske" which means "goat" in Hungarian language.


Alan Garner

Alan Garner OBE (born 17 October 1934) is an English author who writes children's fantasy novels.

Garner was born in Congleton in the front room of his grandfather's house. He grew up in a town called Alderley Edge. His family told stories about the local area involving kings, knights and wizards. He played with his friends in the cliffs and forests around the town. He later used these experiences to give him ideas for his books. In 1953 he went to Oxford University but left after a few years because he wanted to concentrate on writing.

Garner worked as a labourer until his first book The Weirdstone of Brisingamen was published in 1960. It is set in the Alderley Edge mines and the story is about wizards and knights underground, just like in the stories Garner's family would tell. After the book was published, Garner gave up his job and started working as a television reporter instead. He made very little money. At this time, he started to work on a second book called The Moon of Gomrath. In 1965, Elidor was published, telling the story of four children who enter a fantasy world.

Tallapoosa County, Alabama

Tallapoosa County is a county in the U.S. state of Alabama. As of the 2020 census, the population was 41,311. The county seat is Dadeville. The name Tallapoosa is of Creek origin, and many Indian villages were along the banks of the lower river before the 19th century.

Tallapoosa County was founded on December 18, 1832.

Jasper, Alabama

Jasper is a city in Alabama in the United States. It is the county seat of Walker County.

Washington County, Alabama

Washington County is a county in the U.S. state of Alabama. As of the 2020 census, the population was 15,388. The county seat is Chatom. The county was named in honor of George Washington, the first President of the United States.

Washington County has a total area of 1,089 square miles.

Chatom, Alabama

Chatom is a town in the U.S. state of Alabama. The town is the county seat of Washington County.

Wilcox County, Alabama

Wilcox County is a county in the U.S. state of Alabama. As of the 2020 census, the population was 10,600. The county seat is Camden.

Wilcox County was founded on December 13, 1819. The county was named after Joseph M. Wilcox, a U.S. Army lieutenant who was killed in Alabama during the Creek War.

According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (2.1%) is water.







Camden, Alabama

Camden is a city in Alabama in the United States. The city is the county seat of Wilcox County.

Winston County, Alabama

Winston County is a county in the U.S. state of Alabama. As of the 2020 census, the population was 23,540. Its county seat is Double Springs. It was also known as Hancock County before 1858, the county is named in honor of John A. Winston, the fifteenth Governor of Alabama.

Winston County was founded under the name Hancock County on February 12, 1850.

Double Springs, Alabama

Double Springs is a town in Winston County, Alabama, United States. The town is the county seat of Winston County. At the 2020 census the population was 1,119.

Brookside, Alabama

Brookside is a town in north-central Jefferson County, Alabama, United States. As of the 2020 census, the population was 1,253.

Detroit, Alabama

Detroit is a town in the U.S. state of Alabama.

Ethelsville, Alabama

Ethelsville is a town in the U.S. state of Alabama.The town is in the county of Pickens.

Gordo, Alabama

Gordo is a town of Alabama in the United States. The name was derived from the Battle of Cerro Gordo during the Mexican-American War.

McMullen, Alabama

McMullen is a town in the U.S. state of Alabama. In U.S states there are counties. McMullen is in Pickens County.

Memphis, Alabama

Memphis, also known as Old Memphis, is a town in the U.S. state of Alabama.

Pickensville, Alabama

Pickensville is a town in the U.S. state of Alabama.

Brookwood, Alabama

Brookwood is a town in Tuscaloosa County, Alabama, United States. It was incorporated in September 1977. As of the 2020 census, the population was 2,504.

Newton, Alabama

Newton is a town in Dale County, Alabama, United States. At the 2020 census, there were 1,607 living in Newton.

Riverside, Alabama

Riverside is a town in the U.S. state of Alabama.

Frisco City, Alabama

Frisco City is a town in the U.S. state of Alabama.

Camp Hill, Alabama

Camp Hill is a town in the U.S. state of Alabama.

Kansas, Alabama

Kansas is a town in the U.S. state of Alabama.

Carolina, Alabama

Carolina is a town in Covington County, Alabama, United States. At the 2020 census, the population was 286.

It is about south of Montgomery and about west of Dothan.

Coosada, Alabama

Coosada is a town in the U.S. state of Alabama.

Providence, Alabama

Providence is a town in the U.S. state of Alabama.

Center Point, Alabama

Center Point is a city in Alabama in the United States.

Kellyton, Alabama

Kellyton is a town in the U.S. state of Alabama .

Pleasant Groves, Alabama

Pleasant Groves is a town in Jackson County, Alabama, United States. It was incorporated on February 17, 1993. As of the 2020 census, the population of the town was 426.

This town is not to be confused with Pleasant Grove.

Dayton, Alabama

Dayton is a town in Marengo County, Alabama, United States. The population was 28 at the 2020 census, down from 52 in 2010.

DeKalb County

DeKalb County is the name of six counties in the United States:


DeKalb County, Missouri

DeKalb County is a county in the northwest part of the U.S. state of Missouri. As of the 2020 census, the population was 11,029.< The county seat is Maysville. The county was founded on February 25, 1845. It is named after General Johann de Kalb, Baron de Kalb, of the American Revolutionary War.

Cowarts, Alabama

Cowarts is a town in Houston County, Alabama, United States. The town was incorporated in August 1961. At the 2020 census the population was 1,930.

Winston County

Winston County is the name of two counties in the United States:

Chickasaw, Alabama

Chickasaw is a city in Alabama in the United States.

Dozier, Alabama

Dozier is a town in Crenshaw County, Alabama, United States. At the 2020 census, the population was 285. Dozier was incorporated in 1907.

Discworld

Discworld is a series of fantasy books by the English author Terry Pratchett (1948-2015). There are 41 novels in total as well as short stories and guidebooks. All of them are set on the Discworld, which is a flat planet balanced on the back of four elephants who stand on the back of a giant turtle. Make believe creatures like dragons, dwarves and elves live on the Discworld.

The Discworld books follow lots of different characters and storylines. Sometimes, the same main characters are used in several books to create a story arc:

Rincewind was the first main character in Discworld books. He is a wizard who does not know any spells and tries to run away from everything. Even though he is a coward, he saves the world several times by accident.

Death is seen in all the Discworld books except for The Wee Free Men and Snuff. He is a seven foot tall skeleton who appears when people die to take their souls to the afterlife. Even though he is seen as frightening, he is sometimes kind to people. He especially likes cats.

The City Watch is a police force in one of the main cities on the Discworld. At the beginning of the series, there are only a few members of the City Watch and they are lazy and useless. Later in the series, they grow to have many members and stop crimes around the city.

The main witch in the series is Granny Weatherwax. She seems not to like most people but still helps to heal them when they are sick and deliver babies.

The Colour of Magic

The Colour of Magic is a fantasy book by Terry Pratchett. It was published in 1983 and it is the first book in the "Discworld" series.

The story follows Rincewind, a wizard who can do no magic and is very cowardly. He is forced to act as a guide to a man called Twoflower who is the first tourist on Discworld.

A TV version of the book was made with David Jason playing the part of Rincewind.

A text based computer game version was released in 1986.

Sorites paradox

Sorites paradox (also called Paradox of the heap) is a paradox that arises when unclear terms are used. The name of the paradox is related to the Greek word for "heap" ('soros'). There are different versions, but a typical one involves a heap of sand. The heap is made of many grains of sand. So if one grain is removed, the structure will still be a heap. This process can be repeated, until only one grain of sand is left. Since the heap never changed to a non-heap, this grain of sand is still a heap.

The paradox works the other way as well. If one begins with one grain of sand and adds another, and then another; when do the grains of sand become a heap?

The Light Fantastic

The Light Fantastic is a fantasy book by Terry Pratchett. It was published in 1986 and it is the second book in the "Discworld" series.

The book follows on from "The Colour of Magic". Rincewind the cowardly wizard continues his adventure with Twoflower the Discworld's first tourist.

A TV version of the book was made with David Jason playing the part of Rincewind, and Christopher Lee playing the part of Death.

Nancy Tuckerman

Nancy Ludlow Tuckerman (October 24, 1928 – August 1, 2018) was an American secretary. She was born in Manhattan, New York.

Tuckerman was the White House Social Secretary during the Kennedy administration from early 1963 until Lyndon B. Johnson being sworn-in in November 1963. After the Kennedy assassination, she remained the personal secretary to Jackie Kennedy until Kennedy's death in 1994. 

Tuckerman died on August 1, 2018 of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease in Salisbury, Connecticut, aged 89.

Robert Dugard

Robert “Bob” Dugard (3 July 1942 – 5 August 2018) was an English motorcycle speedway rider and promoter. He was born Hove, East Sussex. Dugard rode with Eastbourne Eagles, Wimbledon Dons, and West Ham Hammers. He was the owner of Arlington Stadium.

Dugard died on 5 August 2018 in Hove from lung cancer, aged 76.

2.0 (movie)

2.0 is an Indian science fiction movie written and directed by S. Shankar, co-written by B. Jeyamohan, and produced by Subaskaran Allirajah. The movie serves as a spiritual successor to the 2010 Tamil movie "Enthiran," and features Rajinikanth reprising the roles of Dr. Vaseegaran and Chitti, alongside Akshay Kumar and Amy Jackson. With an estimated budget of 570 crore it is the most expensive Indian movie made to date.

The movie was shot in Tamil. and additional dubbed releases in 13 other languages. The movie theatrically released on 29 November 2018. This film received positive reviews.


Joël Robuchon

Joël Robuchon (, 7 April 1945 – 6 August 2018) was a French chef and restaurateur. He was born in Poitiers, France. Robuchon was named "Chef of the Century" by the guide Gault Millau in 1989. He was awarded the Meilleur Ouvrier de France (France's best worker) in cuisine in 1976. He published many cookbooks. He also hosted culinary television shows in France.

Robuchon owned a dozen restaurants called: L'Atelier de Joël Robuchon in Bangkok, Bordeaux, Hong Kong, Las Vegas, London, Macau, Monaco, Montreal, Paris, Singapore, Taipei, Tokyo, and New York City. He had a total of 32 "Michelin Guide" stars among them, the most of any chef in the world.

Robuchon died from pancreatic cancer on 6 August, 2018 in Geneva, Switzerland, aged 73.


Godzilla: King of the Monsters

Godzilla: King of the Monsters (also known as Godzilla II: King of the Monsters in some markets) is an American monster movie. It was directed and co-written by Michael Dougherty. It is a sequel to "Godzilla" (2014). It is the 35th movie in the "Godzilla" franchise. It stars Kyle Chandler, Vera Farmiga, Millie Bobby Brown, Bradley Whitford, Sally Hawkins, Charles Dance, Thomas Middleditch, O'Shea Jackson Jr., Ken Watanabe, and Zhang Ziyi.

"Godzilla: King of the Monsters" was released in the United States on May 31, 2019, in 2D, 3D, Dolby Cinema and IMAX.

KFUO

KFUO (850 AM) is a Christian radio station in St. Louis County, Missouri. It can be heard locally on the radio, and it also streams online. It is the longest-running Christian radio station in the United States. The Lutheran Church–Missouri Synod (LCMS) owns and runs the station. It broadcasts talk programs about the Bible, theology, and society. It also plays Lutheran sacred music. The station broadcasts four Lutheran church services on the weekends.

KFUO's studios are in the LCMS headquarters in Kirkwood, Missouri. The transmitter is located at Concordia Seminary in Clayton.

KFUO broadcasts on the same frequency as KOA (AM) in Denver, Colorado. KOA is a clear-channel station. Because of this, KFUO must stop at night. The station's website plays sacred music when the 850 AM signal is off the air.

On February 19, 1923, Richard Kretzschmar said that there should be a Lutheran radio station. This happened at a meeting of the Board of Control of Concordia Seminary. Then they raised money from students and other Lutheran organizations. Then they started a "radio committee" to oversee the project.

Soon afterwards, construction for the station began at the seminary. At this time, it was located in St. Louis. The control room and studio for the station were located in the attic of one of the seminary buildings. The license to broadcast was issued on October 25, 1924. The station went on air for the first time the next day. It broadcast a speech about the laying of the cornerstone for the new seminary being constructed in Clayton. The station was formally dedicated and began regular broadcasting on December 14, 1924. In 1927, the station moved to the new campus of Concordia Seminary in Clayton.

At first, KFUO had to share frequences with other stations. The FCC approved the station to move to 830 kHz on July 1, 1940. By September 1941, the FCC reassigned the station to 850 kHz, where it has remained to this day. It also received a "limited time" license because this was the same frequency as KOA in Denver. KFUO can only operate between 80.5 and 102.5 hours per week. The exact hours depend on the times of sunrise and sunset in Denver.

The LCMS started the FM station KFUO-FM at 99.1 MHz in 1948. At first, the FM station broadcast the same thing as the AM station. In 1975, KFUO-FM switched to broadcasting classical music. In March 2010 the FM station was sold to Gateway Creative Broadcasting. On July 7, 2010 of that year it switched to a Contemporary Christian format.

In 1997, the FCC said that the LCMS's radio stations had violated the FCC's Equal Employment Opportunity requirements. The FCC said that KFUO and KFUO-FM did not hire enough minorities, women, and non-Lutherans. The LCMS lost an appeal within the FCC, and then appealed to the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit. That court found, in Lutheran Church–Missouri Synod v. FCC (1998), that the FCC's requirements were unconstitutional.

KFUO began streaming its broadcast on the station's web site, kfuo.org, in 1998. In 2004, KFUO started its HD radio station, the first in Missouri.

In 2008, there was a controversy about the theological talk show, "Issues, Etc.". The program was removed from the station on March 18. The producer and host were also fired. Three weeks later, the management of KFUO announced that "Issues, Etc." was canceled because the station did not have enough money for it. The station did not make its financial information public. About 75 people had a peaceful protest outside the LCMS International Center to question the station's motives. More than 7,000 people signed a petition online to ask for the program to be returned. The program started again on another local Christian radio station on June 30, 2008. On March 13, 2012, the program returned to KFUO. The company that now produces it, Lutheran Public Radio, now pays KFUO for airtime.

The studios of KFUO were moved to the LCMS International Center, the LCMS's headquarters in Kirkwood, Missouri, on June 24, 2013. The transmitter is still located at Concordia Seminary.

Kris Kobach

Kris William Kobach (born March 26, 1966) is an American politician who is the 45th and current Attorney General of Kansas since 2023. He was the 31st Secretary of State of Kansas from 2011 to 2019. He served as Chairman of the Kansas Republican Party from 2007 to 2009.

Kobach was the Republican candidate for Governor of Kansas after beating incumbent Governor Jeff Colyer in the primaries by 345 votes. He lost to Democrat Laura Kelly in the general election.

On July 8, 2019, Kobach launched his 2020 campaign for the United States Senate seat of retiring Senator Pat Roberts. He lost the Republican nomination to U.S. Representative Roger Marshall in August 2020.

Kobach was born in Madison, Wisconsin. He studied at Harvard University, University of Oxford, and at Howard University School of Law. He served on the Overland Park City Council. Kobach was a professor of constitutional law at the University of Missouri–Kansas City.


War of the Third Coalition

The War of the Third Coalition was a European War during the years 1803 to 1806. During the war, France and the countries it conquered, led by Napoleon I, defeated an alliance, called The Third Coalition. The Third Coalition was made up of the Holy Roman Empire, Russia, Britain and others. The main fighting in Central Europe ended with Napoleon's victory at the Battle of Austerlitz in 1805 but a smaller campaign continued in Italy until Napoleon won there, too.

War of the Fourth Coalition

The Fourth Coalition fought in a war against Napoleon's French Empire from 1806–1807. The coalition was defeated.

Countries in the Coalition included Prussia, Russia, Saxony, Sweden, and Great Britain. Several members of the coalition had previously been fighting France in the Third Coalition, and there wasn't any peace in between wars. On October 9, 1806, Prussia joined a new coalition, fearing that France was becoming more powerful after it defeated Austria and established the Confederation of the Rhine. Prussia and Russia prepared for a new campaign. Prussian troops moved to Saxony.

On 14 October 1806, the French defeated the Prussian army at the Battle of Jena-Auerstadt. Then French forces occupied Prussia and captured Berlin. Later they advanced towards Poland and Russia. On 7-8 February 1807, the French and Russian armies fought the Battle of Eylau. There was no clear winner. On 14 June 1807, the French defeated the Russians at the Battle of Friedland. In July 1807, France made peace with Russia, ending the war. This left Napoleon as ruler of most of western and central Europe. The exceptions were Spain, Portugal, Austria, and a few smaller states. These were able to remain independent. 

Even though the Fourth Coalition came to an end, Britain remained at war with France. Later that year, the Peninsular War started. 

Thomas B. Evans Jr.

Thomas Beverley Evans Jr. (born November 5, 1931) is an American lawyer and politician. He is a member of the Republican Party. He was a three term as U.S. Representative from Delaware from 1977 to 1983.


Uvalde, Texas

Uvalde ( ) is a city in and the county seat of Uvalde County, Texas, United States. The population was 15,312 at the 2020 census.

Uvalde was founded in 1853 by Reading Wood Black as the town of "Encina". Encina was later renamed as "Uvalde" in 1856 after the Spanish governor Juan de Ugalde (Cádiz, Andalusia, 1729–1816).

On May 24, 2022, 19 children and 3 adults were killed in an elementary school mass shooting.

2016 United States presidential election in Oklahoma

The 2016 United States presidential election in Oklahoma was held on 8 November 2016. It was part of the 2016 United States presidential election, in which all other states plus the District of Columbia voted.

In the presidential election, Donald Trump easily defeated Hillary Clinton and received 7 electoral votes.

Below is a table with the polling results in Oklahoma. Oklahoma has voted Republican in the general election since 1968.

Three-way race

Hillary Clinton only received 28.9% of the statewide vote. This is the lowest number any Democratic candidate has received in Oklahoma since 1972, when George McGovern received only 24.0% of the vote.

Donald Trump won every county in the state. This is the fourth consecutive election in Oklahoma in which all counties voted for the Republican candidate.

The Democratic primary occurred on March 1, 2016.

The Republican primary occurred on March 1, 2016.



Lyric poetry

Lyric poetry is a formal type of poetry which expresses personal feelings, usually spoken in the first person. The term derives from a form of Ancient Greek literature, the lyric, which was defined by its musical accompaniment, usually on a stringed instrument known as a lyre.

Examples of lyric poets from the 20th century are the Frenchmen Paul Éluard and Paul Valéry and the Englishmen Robert Graves and Ted Hughes. American poets who wrote lyric poetry H.D., Shel Silverstein, Anne Sexton, and T. S. Eliot.



FeesMustFall

Fees Must Fall was a student protest to ask universities to drop fee hikes in South Africa and Namibia between 2015 and 2017. It was led student activists mainly from political parties, youth movements and student organisations.

South Africa

Economic Freedom Fighters

The Economic Freedom Fighters is a South African far left political party. It was formed in 2013 and has representatives at both local and national governments.

Draymond Green

Draymond Jamal Green Sr. (born March 4, 1990 in also known as Jeremy Rosales 2.0 Saginaw, Michigan) is an American basketball player. He plays for the Golden State Warriors of the National Basketball Association at the power forward position. Green has won NBA title thrice. He has also been declared NBA All-Star three times.

Humberto de Alencar Castelo Branco

Marshal Humberto de Alencar Castelo Branco () (20 September 1897 – 18 July 1967) was a Brazilian military leader and politician. He served as the first President of the Brazilian military government after the 1964 military coup d'etat. Castelo Branco was killed in an aircraft collision in July 1967, soon after the end of his Presidency.

Castelo Branco was born in a wealthy Northeastern Brazilian family. His father, Cândido Borges Castelo Branco, was a general. His mother, Antonieta Alencar Castelo Branco, came from a family of intellectuals (which included the writer José de Alencar).

He was married to Argentina Vianna, and had two children, Nieta and Paulo.

Dareen Tatour

Dareen Tatour (Arabic: دارين طاطور, born April 16, 1982 in Reineh) is a Palestinian poet and photographer. She wrote an Arabic book called "The Final Invasion", which she published in 2010. In 2017, an English anthology of Palestinian poets called "A Blade of Grass: New Palestinian Poetry" included translations of her writing. She is a citizen of Israel.

She was arrested in 2015 by Israeli police. They accused her of terrorism and inciting violence. Then her trial became famous and many free speech activists defended her. In May 2018 she was found guilty, and in July 2018 she was sent to prison for six months. She served 42 days in prison and was set free on September 20, 2018.

At Tatour's trial, a police officer translated her poem, "Resist them, my people, resist them." This police officer was not a professional translator and did not have experience with literature. Tatour's defense team invited a professional translator. Tatour's accusers said the professional translator was biased.

Tatour's accusers also showed one of her Facebook posts. It said "I am the next martyr." They claimed that this meant she was planning terrorism. They also showed that she had shared the Facebook status of a terrorist group.

Tatour's defense team invited literature professors to her trial. They said that the Russian Empire and British Mandate of Palestine did not put Jewish writers on trial for "much harsher words."

Many writers protested her arrest. In June 2016, there was a protest in Tel Aviv. Almost 20 poets, writers and translators read their writing. Sami Michael wrote that her arrest showed that Israel was helpless and its culture had failed. He said that Israel could not defend itself but could only make writers be quiet. The poet Lilach Weber also wrote a poem about her.

In October 2016 more than 180 poets, writers and intellectuals asked for her freedom. Four of them were winners of the Israel Prize: A. B. Yehoshua, Tuvia Rivner, Avishai Margalit and Shimon Sandbank. The statement said Tatour was "arrested and tried for writing a poem." They believed this went against "democracy, free speech and creativity." They added that it made it difficult for Arabs and Jews to talk to each other and end the Arab-Israeli conflict. A poet and activist named Tal Nitzan led these efforts.

After she was found guilty, PEN International wrote that she was only doing her job as a writer: "we use our words to peacefully challenge injustice."

Tatour was set free on September 20, 2018.


Durban University of Technology

Durban University of Technology (DUT) is a South African public university. It is in Durban, KwaZulu-Natal. The school was made into a university in 2002 and it has about 29,000 students.

Steven Ogg

Steven Ogg is a Canadian actor. He is best known for his roles as Trevor Philips in the video game "Grand Theft Auto V" (2013) and as Simon in the AMC series "The Walking Dead". He has also appeared in television series such as "Better Call Saul", "Law & Order", "Person of Interest", "Broad City" and "Westworld".

Ogg was born in Calgary, Alberta. He has a son, Bodhi.


Affirmative Repositioning

Affirmative Repositioning Movement (AR) is a radical youth political movement in Namibia which advocates for Namibians to own urban land. It was formed in 2014 as young Namibians held mass protests to demand land, it now participates in Namibian land reform.

Middle High German

Middle High German is the form of the German language spoken and written in the High Middle Ages. It is usually placed in the period between 1050 and 1350. It developed from Old High German and then developed into Early New High German.

Mbuyiseni Ndlozi

Mbuyiseni Ndlozi (born 9 May 1985) is a South African politician. He is a youth leader serving the spokesperson for the Economic Freedom Fighters (EFF). Ndlozi is the youngest member of parliament for the party in the South African Parliament. He obtained his PhD in Political Science from Wits University in 2017.

Mort

Mort is a fantasy book by Terry Pratchett. It was published in 1987 and it is the fourth book in the Discworld series. It is the first Discworld book to focus on the character of Death.

Mort is a young man who is not well suited to working with his family on their farm. His father takes him to find an apprenticeship and he finds one working for Death, a seven foot tall skeleton who collects the souls of dead people. Death takes Mort to his world where he meets his servant and his daughter.

WannaCry ransomware attack

WannaCry ransomware attack was a worm that infected many Windows computers around the world on May 2017. The worm had spread malware that encrypted the user's computer data (i.e. scrambled the user's computer data into meaningless information) and demanded affected users to pay $300 Bitcoin within 3 days or $600 Bitcoin within 7 days before all of the affected computer's data is destroyed. The malware had cost the world millions to billions of dollars to fix their servers and computers.

The WannaCry ransomware attack started in May 14th 2017. After the WannaCry ransomware attack started, companies and universities around the world have researched ways to eliminate spread of the malware. After four days, the malware did not spread any further, and it was now easy to eliminate the malware.

The person who started the ransomware attack was Park Jin-hyok, who is a computer hacker in North Korea. On September 6, 2018, the US Department of Justice charged Park Jin-hyok for helping make the program for the WannaCry ransomware, as well as being responsible for the Sony Pictures hack of 2014.

John C. Demers, the head of the Justice Department’s National Security Division, said in a statement:
Mr. Park, who also went by the alias Pak Jin Hek, is unlikely to see the inside of an American courtroom. The United States has no direct, formal relations with North Korea and did not communicate with its reclusive government ahead of the charges.

Brenda Fassie

Brenda Nokuzola Fassie (3 November 1964 – 9 May 2004) was a South African anti-apartheid Afropop singer.

She was named after American singer Brenda Lee. Fassie's music became a symbol of hope for the South African black community during its Apartheid painful days.

Fassie died on 9 May 2004, aged 39.

Lucky Dube

Lucky Philip Dube (pronounced "duu-beh"; 3 August 1964 – 18 October 2007) was a South African reggae musician and Rastafarian. He recorded over 27 albums in English, Zulu and Afrikaans over a span of 12 years.

Dube was shot and killed in Johannesburg on 18 October 2007 at the age of 43.

2018 United States Senate election in Texas

The 2018 United States Senate election in Texas took place on November 6, 2018. Ted Cruz ran for a second term. He ran against Democrat Beto O'Rourke, and Libertarian Neal Dikeman.

Ted Cruz won the election.


2018 United States Senate election in Arizona

The 2018 United States Senate election in Arizona took place on November 6, 2018.

The election was between Republican Martha McSally, and Democrat Kyrsten Sinema.

Kyrsten Sinema won the election.

Below is a list of the major Republican candidates.






Roop - Mard Ka Naya Swaroop

Roop — Mard Ka Naya Swaroop (English: "Roop — New Form of Man") is an Indian television series that airs on Colors TV. It premiered on 28 May 2018, and is produced by Rashmi Sharma of Rashmi Sharma Telefilms Limited.

Arthur Samuel

Arthur Lee Samuel (December 5, 1901 – July 29, 1990) was an American pioneer in the field of computer gaming and artificial intelligence. He coined the term "machine learning" in 1959. The Samuel Checkers-playing Program was among the world's first successful self-learning programs, and as such a very early demonstration of the fundamental concept of artificial intelligence (AI). He was also a senior member in the TeX community who devoted much time giving personal attention to the needs of users and wrote an early TeX manual in 1983.

Jakob Schönenberger

Jakob Schönenberger (2 October 1931 – 1 August 2018), was a Swiss conservative politician and businessman for the Christian Democratic People's Party of Switzerland. He worked as lawyer.

From 1961 to 1976 Schönenberger was a municipal councilor in Kirchberg and from 1968 to 1980 for the CVP in the Canton of St. Gallen Kantonsrat. From 1979 to 1991 he sat in the Council of States.

Nicholas Bett

Nicholas Kiplagat Bett (27 January 1990 – 8 August 2018) was a Kenyan track and field athlete who competed in the 400 metres hurdles. His personal best for the event is 47.79 seconds. He was a world champion in the event, having won in 2015 and a two-time bronze medallist at the African Championships in Athletics. He was born in Uasin Gishu County, Kenya.

Bett was killed in a car crash in Nandi Hills, Kenya on 8 August 2018, aged 28.

Godrich Gardee

Godrich Gardee is a South African politician, MP & Secretary General of the Economic Freedom Fighters (EFF). He became involved in politics from 1985. He has Higher National Diploma in Accounting and Auditing.

Psycho (1998 movie)

Psycho is a 1998 horror movie directed by Gus Van Sant. It is a shot-for-shot remake of the original "Psycho" movie. That means all the parts of the movie were made in the same way as the original, the only difference being that it's now in color and has stereo sound. The film was not liked by many critics and audiences for that reason.



Rocket engine nozzle

A rocket engine nozzle is a nozzle used in a rocket engine to make the burning propellants go out faster and over a bigger area.

The difference between the skinniest part of the nozzle to where the burning fuel comes out is what makes the rocket work so well. The shape of the nozzle is important too, with the best nozzle angle being about 15 degrees, and a smooth angle for the nozzle.

Anne Manie, Alabama

Anne Manie, sometimes spelled Annemanie, is an unincorporated community in Wilcox County, Alabama, United States.

Carbon Hill, Alabama

Carbon Hill is a city in Walker County, Alabama, United States. It was incorporated in February 1891. At the 2020 census the population was 1,769.

Cedar Bluff, Alabama

Cedar Bluff is a town in Cherokee County, Alabama, United States. At the 2020 census, the population was 1,845.

Cedar Bluff is on the north shore of Weiss Lake, noted for its crappie fishing.

Chelsea, Alabama

Chelsea is a city in Alabama in the United States.

Masahiko Tsugawa

, born Masahiko Kato (加藤雅彦 "Katō Masahiko", January 2, 1940—August 4, 2018) was a Japanese actor and director. Tsugawa was born in Kyoto, Japan. He was known for his roles in "Otoko wa Tsurai yo", "", and "Tampopo".
Tsugawa died from heart failure on August 4, 2018 in Kyoto at the age of 78.

John Ciaccia

John Ciaccia (March 4, 1933 – August 7, 2018) was an Italian-born Canadian provincial cabinet minister. He was born in Jelsi, Italy, but raised in Montreal, Quebec. Ciaccia was a member of Quebec’s National Assembly from 1973 to 1998, representing the Mount Royal riding for the Quebec Liberal Party. He was Minister of the Energy and Natural Resources, International Affairs, Native Affairs, and Immigration and Cultural Communities.

Ciaccia died on August 7, 2018 in Montreal at the age of 85.

Gustavo Giagnoni

Gustavo Giagnoni (23 March 1932 – 7 August 2018) was an Italian professional footballer and coach. He played as a defender.

He was born in Olbia, Italy. As a player, he started his career with hometown side Olbia Calcio. He went on to spend a decade playing as a sweeper for Mantova and three seasons at Reggiana.
Giagnoni died on 7 August 2018 in Mantova, Italy, aged 86.

Anton Lehmden

Anton Lehmden (2 January 1929 in Nitra, Slovakia – 7 August 2018 in Vienna) was an Austrian painter, draughtsman, and printmaker. Lehmden was a co-founder of the Vienna School of Fantastic Realism. In 1948 he was represented in exhibitions of the Vienna Art-Club and has also been represented in many international exhibitions.

Lehmden's work has been extensively exhibited in Italy, Austria, Japan, United States, Germany, Turkey and Poland.

Lehmden died on 7 August 2018 in Vienna at the age of 89.


Romelu Lukaku

Romelu Lukaku Bolingoli (born 13 May 1993) is a Belgian football player. He has Congolese origins. Lukaku plays professionally for Inter Milan and for the Belgium national team.

Lukaku is a prominent figure in the football world, having played for professional clubs in Belgium, England, and Italy.

Cherokee, Alabama

Cherokee is a town in Colbert County, Alabama, United States. As of the 2020 census, the population was 970.

Carbon Hill

Carbon Hill is the name of three places in the United States:

Calera, Alabama

Calera is a city in Shelby and Chilton counties in the U.S. state of Alabama. The population was 16,494 at the 2020 census.

From 2000 to 2010, the population more than tripled to 11620, making it the fastest-growing city in Alabama.


Tendai Biti

Tendai Laxton Biti (born 6 August 1966) is a Zimbabwean politician. He served as finance minister from 2009 to 2013 during a Zanu-PF and MDC-Alliance coalition government.

Citronelle, Alabama

Citronelle is a city in Alabama in the United States. It is about north of Semmes.

Semmes, Alabama

Semmes (pronounced , locally ) is a city in western Mobile County, Alabama, United States.

Clayhatchee, Alabama

Clayhatchee is a town in Dale County, Alabama, United States. At the 2020 census the population was 466. It was incorporated in April 1967.

Napier Field, Alabama

Napier Field is a town in Dale County, Alabama, United States. At the 2020 census, the population was 409.

Pinckard, Alabama

Pinckard is a town in Dale County, Alabama, United States. At the 2020 census the population was 582. Pinckard was incorporated in 1893.

Pinckard is in southeastern Dale County at (31.312803, -85.545713). It is bordered to the east by the town of Midland City and to the northwest by the town of Newton. The northeast border of Pinckard follows the northeast side of U.S. Route 231, a four-lane highway which leads northwest to Ozark, the county seat, and southeast to Dothan.

According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the town has a total area of , of which , or 0.16%, is water.

Lady Gaga Enigma

Lady Gaga Enigma is the first Las Vegas residency concert series by American singer-songwriter Lady Gaga. It started on December 28, 2018, at the MGM Park Theater in Las Vegas. There are 23 "Enigma" shows, where Gaga will perform a "brand-new odyssey of her pop hits built as an experience unlike any other." There will also be four "Jazz & Piano" shows, where she will perform standards and some of her own material. Five additional Jazz & Piano shows were added, bringing the total of both shows to 32.

On May 9, 2019, Gaga performed the show at the Sapphire Now and ASUG Annual Conference in Orlando, Florida. She also performed at Apple Inc.'s new headquarters, Apple Park, on May 17. She was announced to perform at the Apollo Theater in Harlem, New York, on June 24.

At a show, Gaga announced she would perform in Vegas for another two years.

Midland City, Alabama

Midland City is a town in Dale County, Alabama, United States. At the 2020 census, the population was 2,239. Midland City was incorporated in 1890. It is part of the Ozark Micropolitan Statistical Area.

Corrèze (disambiguation)

Corrèze can mean:

Corrèze might also refer to:

Charente (disambiguation)

Charente can mean:


Hérault (disambiguation)

Hérault can mean:

Douglas, Alabama

Douglas is a town in the U.S. state of Alabama.

Sardis City, Alabama

Sardis City is a town in Etowah and Marshall counties in the U.S. state of Alabama. It was originally incorporated in May 1963 under the name of Sardis. It later became Sardis City in the 1980s. At the 2020 census, the population was 1,814.

Oak Hill, Alabama

Oak Hill is a town in the U.S. state of Alabama. It is in Wilcox County.

According to the 1940 U.S. Census, it was incorporated in 1938. The population was 14 at the 2020 census.

Carlos Almenar Otero

Carlos José Almenar Otero (21 March 1926 – 7 August 2018) was a Venezuelan singer-songwriter. He was born in Caracas. He was President of the Almenar Otero Foundation which he founded in 1989.

Almenar Otero recorded more than 20 albums in four different languages: German, Italian, English, and Spanish. During the 50's and 60's he made concert tours in more than 15 countries. He was known for his songs "Cara Mia" "Arpa, mar y llano", and "Ven a mis brazos". He was also singing professor and vocal coach of Venezuelan singers Gioconda, Maximo Manuel, Edward Mena, among others.

Almenar Otero died on 7 August 2018 from pneumonia in Miami, Florida, aged 92.

Lamberton, Minnesota

Lamberton is a town in Redwood County, Minnesota, United States. The population was 792 at the 2020 census.

Burr Ridge, Illinois

Burr Ridge (formerly Harvester) is a village in Illinois and a suburb of Chicago, in Cook and DuPage counties, Illinois, United States. The village is one of the richest towns in Illinois. It is locally known for its large beautiful mansions. The population was 11,192 at the 2020 census.


Carnegie, Pennsylvania

Carnegie () is a borough in Allegheny County, Pennsylvania, United States. It is part of the Pittsburgh Metro Area. The population was 8,134 in the 2020 census.

Development economics

Different countries have economies that are in different states of development. Development economics is a branch of economics that looks at ways on how to improve economic development. Very often, it is used in developing countries. In these context, many factors that are outside pure microecomics hinder economic development: A developing country may have a low literacy, or a high infant mortality. Plans to improve economic development in such a country therefore also needs to provide a solution to these problems (which are not economic ones).

Economic development generally is measured by the human development index, life expectancy etc.These are the tools which institutions like IMF and world Bank use to classify a country as a developed, underdeveloped or newly industrialized emerging economies.

Charlottesville car attack

On August 12, 2017, a car crashed into a group of people at the Unite the Right rally in Charlottesville, Virginia. Heather Heyer died and 19 others were injured. James Alex Fields Jr. was arrested and sentenced to life in prison. He had previously expressed neo-Nazi and white supremacist beliefs.

During the 2020 George Floyd protests, the United States Marine Corps made a rule against showing the Confederate flag at their bases. In the announcement, they said "events like the violence in Charlottesville in 2017 highlight the divisiveness the use of the Confederate battle flag has on our society." 

N'Golo Kanté

N'Golo Kanté (; born 29 March 1991) is a French football player. He plays for both Chelsea Football Club and the French national team.

He made his name in the English Premier League with Leicester City. They won the league on 2015/16, largely because his tackles in midfield and passes to Jamie Vardy created so many goals. 

Chelsea bought him next year (2016/17) for £32 million, and they also won the league that year. Since then opposing sides have adjusted to his particular skills, and he has been somewhat less successful. Nevertheless, his performance has been extraordinary as a midfielder only 5'6" tall in an era where most defenders are much taller.

Kanté made his senior international debut for France in 2016. In 2017 Kanté was named the French Player of the Year, a first for a player from the Premier League in seven years. 12 months later he was a key member of the 2018 FIFA World Cup winning squad.

Kanté's parents moved to France in 1980 from the African country of Mali 11 years before his birth.

Floyd Shivambu

Nyiko Floyd Shivambu (born 1 January 1983) is a South African politician. He is serving as a member of parliament for the Economic Freedom Fighters (EFF).

Shivambu began his political career as a Student Representative Council President for University of Witwatersrand in 2004.

Tu Aashiqui

Tu Aashiqui (English: "You are love") is a 2017 Indian musical romance television show based on two lovers effort to unite. It is produced by Mahesh Bhatt under Gurudev Bhalla production house. It stars Jannat Zubair Rahmani and Ritvik Arora in lead roles of Pankti and Ahaan respectively. It stars Krissann Barretto, Rahil Azam and Buneet Kapoor as antagonists Rangoli, Jayant and Vikram respectively. The series was premiered on Colors TV on 20 September 2017.



Hakainde Hichilema

Hakainde Hichilema (born 4 June 1962) is a Zambian politician and businessman. Hichilema is the President of Zambia. He has been the President of the United Party for National Development since 2006. He ran for president six times, winning in 2021.

Hichilema was born in a village in Monze District in which is now called Zambia. He studed at the University of Zambia and graduated in 1986 with a bachelor's degree in Economics and Business Administration.

He is a member of United Party for National Development (UPND) party. After Anderson Mazoka died in 2006, he was elected as the new party President. He worked as the leader of the United Democratic Alliance (UDA), a party made up of three opposition political parties. He has already taken part in the 2006, 2008, 2011, 2015 and 2016 elections.

Hichilema ran for president again in 2021, this time successfully being elected in a landslide victory by winning 59% of the vote in August 2021. He beat incumbent President Edgar Lungu, who has refused to accept his defeat and has called the election a fraud.

Hichilema is married to Mutinta and has three children. He is a member of the Seventh-day Adventist Church. Hichilema is a millionaire and the second-largest cattle rancher in Zambia.

Michael A. Sheehan

Michael A. Sheehan (February 10, 1955 – July 30, 2018) was an American author, former government official and military officer. Sheehan is the author of the book "Crush the Cell: How to Defeat Terrorism Without Terrorizing Ourselves" 
Sheehan was born in Red Bank, New Jersey. He studied at the Christian Brothers Academy and graduated in 1973. He would go on to study at United States Military Academy, Georgetown University and at the United States Army Command and General Staff College.

Sheehan was a colonel in the United States Army being part of the Special Forces. His stations were located in Panama, South Korea and El Salvador focusing on counter-terrorism.

He was a Distinguished Chair at the U.S. Military Academy in West Point, New York and a terrorist analyst for NBC News. Sheehan was the U.S. Ambassador-at-Large for Counter Terrorism from 1998 to 2000 during the Bill Clinton administration. Afterwards, from 2003 to 2006, Sheehan worked for the New York City Police Department Counter-Terrorism Commission.

Sheehan was later the Assistant Secretary of Defense for Special Operations/Low Intensity Conflict & Interdependent Capabilities from 2011 to 2013 during the Barack Obama administration.

Sheehan died in Bethesda, Maryland from multiple myeloma on July 30, 2018, aged 63.


Red Bank, New Jersey

Red Bank is a borough in Monmouth County, New Jersey. It was created in 1908 and located on the Navesink River. As of the 2020 United States Census, the borough had a population of 12,936.

Fikile Mbalula

Fikile April Mbalula (born 8 April 1971 in the Free State) is a South African politician and is the 17th Secretary-General of the African National Congress (ANC). He is also a former .

Mbalula also serves as President of the African National Congress Youth League.

Mbalula was appointed deputy police minister in Jacob Zuma's cabinet in 2009. In 2011, he was promoted to minister of Sports and Recreation.

Mendocino Complex Fire

The Mendocino Complex Fire is  a large complex of two wildfires, the River Fire and Ranch Fire, currently burning in Mendocino, Lake, and Colusa counties in the U.S. state of California. It is th largest fire complex in recorded US history. The Ranch Fire is currently burning eight miles northeast of Ukiah and the River Fire is currently burning six miles north of Hopland. The fires were first reported on  July 27, 2018. Both fires have burned a combined total of . Several communities and cities in the region had to be evacuated. 

By the night of August 7, the fires were collectively 34% contained. The River Fire was 78% contained and the Ranch Fire was only 20% contained, with flames on the northern flank still actively pushing towards Snow Mountain Wilderness.

The River and Ranch Fires have affected communities along the Mendocino and Lake County borders. People in these areas had to be evacuated: Lakeport, Kelseyville, Lucerne, Upper Lake, Nice, Saratoga Springs, Witter Springs, Potter Valley, and Finley, parts of Hopland, and the tribal communities Hopland Rancheria and Big Valley Rancheria.


Terai

The Terai or Tarai is a region of northern India and southern Nepal. The Terai is a strip of natural marshland bordering the Yamuna River to the west and the Brahmaputra River to the east. To the north of the Terai are the Himalayas. The marshy areas have been reduced by drainage and cultivation.

Patricia De Lille

Patricia de Lille (born 17 February 1951) is a South African politician and mayor of the city of Cape Town.

She has been a member of the Democratic Alliance (DA). However, she had been at conflict with the party officials for months. This led to her resignation as Mayor of Cape Town in August 2018, a seat she held on her party ticket.

Joseph Warren

Dr. Joseph Warren (June 11, 1741 - June 17, 1775) was an American physician and fighter in the American Revolutionary War. He played a leading role in American Patriot groups in Boston in the early days of the American Revolution.

Warren enlisted Paul Revere and William Dawes on April 18, 1775. They were to leave Boston and spread the alarm that the British were about to raid Concord, Massachusetts and arrest rebel leaders Samuel Adams and John Hancock.

Warren was appointed Major General in the Massachusetts colony's militia just before the June 17, 1775 Battle of Bunker Hill. But instead of exercising his rank, Warren served in the battle as a private soldier. He was killed in combat when British troops attacked Breed's Hill.

Many United States cities and towns are named for Warren.

Asia Network Television

Asia Network Television (); is an Iraqi satellite television channel. It is based in Baghdad, Iraq. The channel was launched in 2012.


Forbes

Forbes is an international American business magazine that is published twice in a week. The magazine is famous for publishing lists and rankings including Forbes 400 and Forbes Global 2000. The magazine was founded by B. C. Forbes, a financial columnist, on 5 September 1917. Forbes magazine has circulation over 700 thousands readers. Its headquarters are in Jersey City, New Jersey. Steve Forbes is the current Editor-in-Chief of the magazine and Mike Perlis is the CEO.

Apart from the main Forbes.com, Forbes runs 45 local language editions, including:


ENCA

eNCA (also referred to as eNews Channel Africa) is a 24-hour news channel in South Africa. It was launched in 2008 and broadcasts on DStv channel 403 and GOtv chanel 43.

Simona Halep

Simona Halep (born 27 September 1991 in Constanța, Romania) is a professional tennis player from Romania. She is the winner of 2018 French Open. Halep is currently ranked world no. 1.

Feeding Frenzy (video game)

Feeding Frenzy is a arcade video game developed and published by PopCap Games. It involves fish eating other fish. The game was the 17th most popular Xbox Live Arcade title for 2006.

Ndola

Ndola is the third-largest city by population in Zambia's mining Copperbelt Province. It is also the provincial capital of the region.

Mpumalanga

Mpumalanga is a province in South Africa. It is one of South Africa's 9 provinces. The name of the province means 'where the sun rises'.

Katanga Province

Katanga Province was a province in the south of the Democratic Republic of Congo before it was split into four provinces. Its mountains have many valuable ores including the majority of the world's cobalt.

Kogelo

Kogelo is a village on the shores of Lake Victoria in Kenya. It is found in Kenya's Siaya County and is best known as the place of birth of former U.S. President Barack Obama's father.

In 2008 when Barack was running for President, Kogelo gained international attention as the place of his father's death.

Kisumu

Kisumu is a city located on the shores of Lake Victoria in Kenya. It has a population of just over a million. This means that it is the third largest city in Kenya after Mombasa and the capital Nairobi.

Kisumu was founded in 1901 as the main terminal of the Uganda Railway named "Port Florence". Kisumu is about 320 km (200 mi) northwest of Nairobi. Since Kisumu is a few kilometers south of the Equator, daytime there always lasts about 12 hours. Local sunset always occurs between 18:28 and 18:58 local time. 

Kisumu city is one of the oldest settlements in Kenya. Historical records indicate that Kisumu has been
dominated by diverse communities. The people from the Nandi, Kalenjin, Kisii, Maasai, Luo and Luhya
communities lived near Lake Victoria. They called this place "sumo" which literally means "a place of barter trade".

Most people prefer speaking in the English Language in Kisumu. The English language is one of two national languages of Kenya. Most people in Kisumu also speak Dholuo which is the local dialect and Kiswahili. English and Swahili are national languages.

Kisumu is served by Kisumu International Airport which has international status, with regular daily flights to Nairobi and Mombasa. 

As mentioned above, the Uganda Railway from the port of Mombasa reached Kisumu in 1901. Currently (2013) no passenger trains are operated between Nairobi and Kisumu.

Kisumu is connected to the cities of Nakuru, Nairobi and Mombasa via the A104 highway and to the north city of Eldoret via the B1 highway.
A 450 km lake Victoria ring road along the shores of the lake is currently under construction and will pass by the city.

Hippo Point is a viewing area on Lake Victoria. Despite its name, it is better known as a viewing point for sunsets over the lake than for its occasional hippos. Hippo point is located near the village of Dunga, a few kilometres South West of Kisumu. The village also has a fishing port and a camping site.




Nelspruit

Nelspruit also known as Mbombela is a city in northeastern South Africa. It is also the capital of Mpumalanga Province.

Nelspruit is home to the Kruger national park which is one of the biggest animal park in South Africa. It is also home to the Mbombela Stadium.

Monheim, Bavaria

Monheim is a municipality in the district of Donau-Ries in Bavaria in Germany. The mayor is currently Günther Pfefferer from the CSU.

Concordia Theological Seminary

The Concordia Theological Seminary is an institution of theological higher education. It is run by the Lutheran Church–Missouri Synod (LCMS) and is located in Fort Wayne, Indiana. Its main purpose is to teach men who will become pastors in the congregations of the LCMS. It also teaches women who will become deaconesses. It offers professional, master's and doctoral degrees.

In 1844, a pastor in Fort Wayne named Frederick C. D. Wynecken started teaching two men to be pastors. The next year, he became a pastor in Baltimore, and a pastor named Wilhelm Sihler continued teaching in Fort Wayne. The seminary officially started in August 1846, when eleven students and an instructor from Germany arrived in Fort Wayne. They were sent by a German pastor named Wilhelm Loehe. At first, classes were held in a nearby house.

The Lutheran Church–Missouri Synod was started in 1847. Loehe then gave ownership of the seminary to the synod. Two years later, the seminary purchased land east of Fort Wayne and built the first building on its new campus.

Other people in the LCMS called Concordia Theological Seminary the "practical seminary", because it tried to teach men to become pastors quickly. It taught pre-seminary and seminary classes. The pre-seminary classes were similar to high school classes. The seminary classes taught theology. At this time, it did not teach Greek and Hebrew, the languages that the Bible was originally written in.

In 1861, the seminary moved to the campus of Concordia Seminary, in St. Louis, Missouri. This is the synod's other seminary. This was done so that students wouldn't be drafted for the American Civil War.

In 1874, the pre-seminary students and one instructor were moved to the campus of the former Illinois State University in Springfield, Illinois. The next year, 1875, the "practical seminary" itself moved to the Springfield campus.

In 1918, an additional year of instruction was added to the pre-seminary courses. These additional courses made pastors eligible to get teaching certificates. After 1935, Greek was made a required course.

Starting in 1941, all entering students had to be high school graduates. The seminary then stopped teaching high school classes. Later, they required two years of college for entering students.
In 1976, the seminary returned to Fort Wayne.

The seminary has four departments: Exegetical Theology, Historical Theology, Pastoral Ministry and Mission, and Systematic Theology.


Cleveland, Alabama

Cleveland is a town in Blount County, Alabama, United States. At the 2020 census, the population was 1,245.

Borgerhout

Borgerhout is the smallest district of the city of Antwerp, in Flanders (Belgium). , the district houses 45,948 people.

It is the birthplace of singer-songwriter Milow.

Newbern, Alabama

Newbern is a town in the U.S. state of Alabama.

Moundville, Alabama

Moundville is a town in the U.S. state of Alabama.

Heath, Alabama

Heath is a town in the state Alabama in the United States.

Gantt, Alabama

Gantt is a town in the state of Alabama in the United States.

Libertyville, Alabama

Libertyville is a town in the state of Alabama in the United States.

Priscilla Chan

Priscilla Chan (born February 24, 1985) is an American pediatrician and philanthropist. She is the wife of the co-founder and CEO of Facebook, Mark Zuckerberg.

War of the Fifth Coalition

The War of the Fifth Coalition was fought in 1809. It was fought by a coalition of the Austrian Empire and the United Kingdom against Napoleon's French Empire and Bavaria. The main countries in the war were France and Austria Major battles between them happened in a large area of Central Europe from April to July. Many people died on both sides. France won the war after the Battle of Wagram in early July.

Manfred Melzer

Manfred Melzer (28 February 1944 – 9 August 2018) was a German bishop of the Roman Catholic Church. He was born in Solingen-Ohligs, Germany. He was appointed by Pope Benedict XVI. He was an Auxiliary Bishop of the Archdiocese of Cologne from 1995 to 2015.

Melzer died in Cologne on 9 August 2018, aged 74.


Michael Avenatti

Michael John Avenatti (born February 16, 1971) is an American lawyer and businessman. Avenatti is best known for suing President Donald Trump on behalf of porn star Stormy Daniels in an attempt to prove that Trump paid Daniels to stay silent during their affair.

Avenatti said that he would run for president in 2020 if Trump runs for re-election and if no other candidate is good enough to beat Trump.

Avenatti was found guilty of wire fraud and identity theft in February 2022. On June 2, 2022, he was sentenced to four years in prison for defrauding Stormy Daniels. On December 5, 2022, he was sentenced to 14 years in prison for wire fraud and obstruction against the IRS.

Born on February 16, 1971 in Sacramento, California, Avenatti spent his early childhood in Colorado and Utah. He moved with his family to Chesterfield, Missouri, near St. Louis, in 1982, where he attended Parkway Central High School. After graduating in 1989, Avenatti attended Saint Louis University for a year before transferring to the University of Pennsylvania, where he graduated with a B.A. in political science in 1996.

He attended George Washington University Law School, where he graduated Order of the Coif and first in his class with a J.D. in 2000. In 2003, George Washington University Law School established the Michael J. Avenatti Award for Excellence in Pre-Trial and Trial Advocacy, an annual award given to the member of the graduating Juris Doctor class who demonstrates excellence in pre-trial and trial advocacy. Avenatti also received George Washington University's prestigious Alumni Recognition Award in 2010.

While in college and later in law school, Avenatti worked at The Research Group, a political opposition research and media firm run by Rahm Emanuel (later White House Chief of Staff for President Barack Obama, and Mayor of Chicago). Avenatti worked on over 150 Democratic and Republican campaigns in 42 states while studying at George Washington University.

After law school, Avenatti worked at O'Melveny & Myers in Los Angeles, California, alongside Daniel M. Petrocelli, who previously represented the Ron Goldman family in its case against O.J. Simpson. He assisted Petrocelli on multiple legal matters, including the representation of singer Christina Aguilera and litigation surrounding the movie "K-19: The Widowmaker", and worked extensively for Don Henley and Glenn Frey of the musical group the Eagles, including in a suit brought by former bandmate Don Felder against the group and Irving Azoff.

Avenatti later joined Greene Broillet & Wheeler, a Los Angeles boutique law firm. While there, he handled a number of high-profile cases, including a $10 million defamation case against Paris Hilton, settled an idea-theft lawsuit relating to the show "The Apprentice" and against producers Mark Burnett and Donald Trump, and a $40 million embezzlement lawsuit involving KPMG.

In 2007, Avenatti formed the law firm Eagan Avenatti, LLP (formerly known as Eagan O'Malley & Avenatti, LLP) with offices in Newport Beach, Los Angeles and San Francisco, California. He has since appeared on "60 Minutes" three times in connection with cases he has handled. Avenatti has also served as lead counsel on a number of historically large cases, including an April 2017 $454 million verdict after a jury trial in Federal Court in Los Angeles in a fraud case against Kimberly-Clark and Halyard Health, later reduced to a $21.7 million verdict upon appeal, an $80.5 million class-action settlement against Service Corporation International, a $41 million jury verdict against KPMG, and a $39 million malicious prosecution settlement.

In 2013 Avenatti formed a company, Global Baristas, to buy Seattle-based Tully's Coffee out of bankruptcy. Since 2015, Global Baristas has been named in more than 50 lawsuits in state and federal courts for breach of contract, unpaid bills, and unpaid taxes.

In 2015, Avenatti prevailed against the National Football League (NFL) following a jury trial in Dallas. He later pursued a class-action suit on behalf of fans who showed up for Super Bowl XLV with tickets that didn't correspond to actual seats but the courts in Texas declined to certify the class. Later, in 2016, Avenatti filed another class action lawsuit against the NFL, this time on behalf of ticket-holders to the annual Hall of Fame Game, which was cancelled a few hours before kickoff.

In 2017, a Florida man named Gerald Tobin alleged Avenatti failed to pay him $28,700 for private investigatory work. As a result, Avenatti's firm was abruptly forced into bankruptcy. The issue was resolved when the pair entered into a Non-Disclosure Agreement, and Avenatti paid Tobin the $28,700.

In 2018, Avenatti's law firm was subjected to a $10 million judgment in U.S. bankruptcy court. In June 2018, a former partner filed a motion in U.S. bankruptcy court asking for a lien on any and all legal fees Avenatti's firm might collect, up to $10 million, from clients in 54 cases including his representation of Stormy Daniels.

Avenatti has on several occasions, including in a post to Twitter, expressed interest in running for president in 2020. In a CBC TV interview published in September 2018, Avenatti said he would run in 2020 only against Trump or Pence.


Michael Cohen (lawyer)

Michael Dean Cohen (born August 25, 1966) is an American attorney and convicted felon. He worked as a lawyer for Donald Trump from 2006 until he was fired in May 2018.

Cohen was a vice-president of the Trump Organization and special counsel to Donald Trump, and was co-president of Trump Entertainment and was a board member of the Eric Trump Foundation.

, he has been under investigation by federal prosecutors on multiple matters, including bank fraud, wire fraud and campaign finance violations due to payments made by him in the Stormy Daniels–Trump scandal. The investigation led to him pleading guilty on August 21, 2018 to eight counts of campaign finance violations, tax fraud, and bank fraud. On December 12, 2018, Cohen was sentenced to three years in prison.<ref name="BBC 12/12/2018"></ref>

Cohen, after his conviction, wrote a memoir titled "Disloyal", where he accused Trump of telling him to commit the crimes he was convicted of, and talked about his other personal stories.

Marina Silva

Maria Osmarina Marina Silva Vaz de Lima (born 8 February 1958) is a Brazilian politician. She was a presidential candidate in the 2018 Brazilian elections. She is a member of the Sustainability Party (REDE). She is known both for her pro-environmental views and her conservative social views. In the 2022 election, she was elected to the Chamber of Deputies. In 2023, she became the Minister of the Environment. She held this role from 2003 to 2008.

Silva was a member of the Worker's Party (PT) until 2009. She was a Senator before becoming Minister of the Environment in 2003. She ran for president in the 2010 Brazilian elections as the candidate for the Green Party (PV).

In April 2014, Eduardo Campos announced his candidacy for the fall 2014 Presidential Election, naming Marina Silva as his Vice Presidential candidate. After Campos's death in a plane crash on August, she was selected to run as the Socialist Party's candidate for the Presidency.

In 2012 she was one of eight people chosen to carry the flag for the opening ceremonies of the London Olympic Games.

2018 Brazilian general election

General elections were held in Brazil on 7 October 2018 to elect the President and Vice President and other political figures in the nation.

The first round of the presidential election was held on 7 October 2018. Jair Bolsonaro won 46% of the vote with Fernando Haddad winning 29.3%. Since no candidate won more than 50% of the vote, a second round was held on 28 October 2018 with Bolsonaro being elected president.

The 2014 elections Dilma Rousseff re-elected as president in the second round with 51.6% of the vote.

However, on 3 December 2015, impeachment process against Rousseff were officially accepted by the Chamber of Deputies. Vice President Michel Temer, of the Brazilian Democratic Movement Party, became Acting President of Brazil. On 31 August 2016, the Senate voted 61–20 in favor of impeachment, finding Rousseff guilty of breaking budgetary laws and removing her from office. Vice President Temer replaced Rousseff as the 37th President of Brazil.

Even though current President Temer said he would not run, he received an eight-year ban from holding office on 2 June 2016 for violating election laws.

Former President Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva said he would run for the presidency again, but was arrested for money laundering and found guilty. On August 1, 2018, the Higher Electoral Court Minister, Luiz Fux, confirmed the decision that the former president Lula is ineligible to run for elections in 2018.

The following candidates advanced to the second round as they were placed in the top two candidates following the voting: 
The following candidates were eliminated in the first round of the election as they were placed third or lower in the final votes:

Vice President of Brazil

The Vice President of Brazil (), officially the Vice President of the Federative Republic of Brazil ("Vice Presidente da República Federativa do Brasil") is the second-highest government official in the executive branch of the government of Brazil.

The Vice President's main job is to replace the president on the event of their death, resignation, or impeachment, and to temporarily take over the presidential powers and duties while the President is abroad, or unable to carry out his or her duties. 

The Vice President is elected with the president as his or her running mate.

There are two living former vice presidents. The most recent former president to die was Marco Maciel (1995–2002) on June 12, 2021.


Marco Maciel

Marco Antônio de Oliveira Maciel (21 July 1940 – 12 June 2021) is a Brazilian politician, lawyer and law school professor. He was the 22nd Vice President of Brazil from January 1, 1995 to December 31, 2002. He worked alongside President Fernando Henrique Cardoso in the 1994 and 1998 general elections.

He was a founder of the conservative PFL party, former ARENA.
Marco Maciel was married to Ana Maria Maciel and had three sons. He was also a practising Roman Catholic.

Maciel died on 12 June 2021 from multiple organ failure caused by COVID-19 in Brasília at the age of 80.

Impeachment of Dilma Rousseff

The impeachment of Dilma Rousseff, the 36th President of Brazil, began on 2 December 2015 with a petition for her impeachment accepted by Eduardo Cunha, then president of the Chamber of Deputies. It continued into late 2016. 

Rousseff, more than 12 months into her second four-year term, was charged with criminal administrative misconduct for the federal budget in violation of article 85 of the Constitution of Brazil.

Rousseff was formally impeached on 17 April 2016. On 12 May, the Senate voted to suspend Rousseff's powers for the duration of the trial, and Vice President Michel Temer became acting president. On 31 August 2016, the Senate removed President Rousseff from office by a 61–20 vote. Temer was sworn in as the 37th President of Brazil.

Ciro Gomes

Ciro Ferreira Gomes (born 6 November 1957 in Pindamonhangaba, São Paulo) is a Brazilian politician, lawyer, and academic. He is a member of the Democratic Labor Party (PDT). He was the PDT's presidential candidate in the 2018 Brazilian election and again in 2022.

Geraldo Alckmin

Geraldo José Rodrigues de Alckmin Filho () (born November 7, 1952) is a Brazilian politician who is the Vice President of Brazil since 2023. 

Alckmin was the Governor of São Paulo twice from 2001 to 2006 and again from 2011 to 2018. He was the PSDB's presidential candidate in the 2006 and 2018 Brazilian elections. He is pro-business and works with the political and financial establishment. 

He was the running mate of Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva in the 2022 election. The ticket narrowly won the election on 30 October 2022.

Pindamonhangaba

Pindamonhangaba is a city in the state of São Paulo, Brazil. It is located in the Paraíba valley, between the two most active production regions in the country, São Paulo and Rio de Janeiro. 

This place name comes from the Old Tupi language meaning "where hooks are made" or, according to a different meanings, "where the river bends".

Álvaro Dias

Álvaro Dias (born December 7, 1944) is a Brazilian politician. He has represented Paraná in the Federal Senate since 1999. He was the governor of Paraná. He is a member of Podemos. He was born in Quatá, São Paulo.

Dias is a member of PODE and is the party's presidential candidate in the 2018 election.

João Amoêdo

João Dionisio Filgueira Barreto Amoêdo (born 22 October 1962), also known as João Amoêdo, is a Brazilian engineer and politician. He is one of the founders of the New Party (NOVO). He was the president of the party from September 2015 to July 2017. He is the party's presidential candidate in the 2018 election.

Henrique Meirelles

Henrique de Campos Meirelles (born August 31, 1945) is a Brazilian politician. He is the former Minister of the Economy and former president of Central Bank of Brazil from 2003 to 2011.

He is also a member of the board of directors of Azul Brazilian Airlines.

In 2017, Meirelles launched his presidential campaign as a member of the Brazilian Democratic Movement in the 2018 election.

Guilherme Boulos

Guilherme Castro Boulos (São Paulo, 1982) is a Brazilian politician, militant, professor and writer. He is a member of the National Coordination of Homeless Workers' Movement and is known as one of the main far-left leaders in Brazil.

Boulos is the (PSOL) candidate for the presidency of Brazil in the 2018 general election. He joined PSOL in 2018.

Jarrod Lyle

Jarrod Lyle (21 August 1981 – 8 August 2018) was an Australian professional golfer. He was born in Shepparton, Victoria. Lyle won twice on the 2008 Nationwide Tour. He played many seasons on the PGA Tour. His best finish being tied for 4th place in the 2012 Northern Trust Open. 
In 2012, Lyle was diagnosed with acute myeloid leukemia. As a result his playing time was limited and in July 2018, Lyle decided to stop treatment. He died on 8 August 2018 from the disease in Torquay, Victoria at the age of 36.

Felicia Farr

Felicia Farr (born Olive Dines, October 4, 1932) is a former American actress and model. She was born in Westchester County, New York.

Farr is known for her roles in Billy Wilder's "Kiss Me, Stupid" (1964) with Dean Martin and Ray Walston, as Walter Matthau's daughter-in-law in "Kotch"; the Don Siegel bank-heist movie "Charley Varrick" (1973) and other appearances on "The Alfred Hitchcock Hour", "Bonanza", "Ben Casey", "Burke's Law", and many others.

From 1962 until his death in 2001, she was married to Jack Lemmon.

Room (2015 movie)

Room is a 2015 Canadian-Irish-British-American independent drama movie directed by Lenny Abrahamson and written by Emma Donoghue. It is based on her 2010 novel of the same name. The movie was filmed in Toronto.

It stars Brie Larson as a woman who has been held captive for seven years. It also stars Jacob Tremblay, Joan Allen, Sean Bridgers, Tom McCamus and William H. Macy with Wendy Crewson.

At the 88th Academy Awards, "Room" received four nominations, including Best Picture, and winning Best Actress for Larson.


Jacob Tremblay

Jacob Tremblay (; born October 5, 2006) is a Canadian child actor. His breakout performance was his starring role as Jack Newsome in "Room" (2015). He went on to play August Pullman in the drama "Wonder" (2017). In 2019, he starred as Max in the adult comedy "Good Boys". In 2021, he voiced Luca the Disney Pixar movie "Luca".

July 2018 Lombok earthquake

A M 6.4 earthquake struck the island of Lombok on the morning of 29 July 2018 at a shallow depth of . Large damage was reported in the area, and authorities said that 20 people were killed in the earthquake while hundreds were injured.

The epicentre was located in Sembalun Subdistrict, East Lombok Regency. The earthquake was a foreshock for the more powerful 6.9 earthquake which struck the island a week later.

5 August 2018 Lombok earthquake

On 5 August 2018, a major earthquake measuring M 6.9 (7.0 on Richter scale) struck the island of Lombok, Indonesia. It was the main shock following its foreshock, a nearby 6.4 earthquake on 29 July.

The epicentre was located inland, near Loloan Village in North Lombok Regency. The earthquake caused tsunamis across the coastal region of the city. In the aftermath of the earthquake 259 people were confirmed killed while more than 1,400 were confirmed injured. More than 165,000 people were displaced.

Western Cape

Western Cape is one of South Africa's nine provinces. It surrounds the Cape of Good Hope. It was made in 1994 by splitting the old Cape Colony into three. The majority of the people live in the metropolitan area of Cape Town, which is also the capital.

Western Cape borders the provinces of Northern Cape and Eastern Cape, bordering the Atlantic Ocean. On its southwestern tip is the Cape of Good Hope.

Sesheke

Sesheke is a border town in the Western Province of Zambia. It borders with Namibia on the north.

Munningen

Munningen is a municipality in the district of Donau-Ries in Bavaria in Germany. The mayor is currently Friedrich Hertle.

Münster, Bavaria

Münster is a municipality in the district of Donau-Ries in Bavaria in Germany. The mayor is currently Gerhard Pfitzmaier.

Computer-aided manufacturing

Computer-aided manufacture (CAM) is the use of computers to control machines when creating a product. It may also refer to the use of a computer to help planning.


Limpopo

Limpopo Province is one of the nine South African provinces. It borders three countries namely Zimbabwe, Mozambique and Botswana. It was started in 1994 with the name of Northern Transvaal but was renamed for the Limpopo River.

Antoine Griezmann

Antoine Griezmann (born 21 March 1991) is a French footballer. He plays for Atlético Madrid and the French national team as a forward.

He was a part of the French national team selection that won the 2018 FIFA World Cup.

Griezmann played his first professional match with Real Sociedad on 2 September 2009 in a Copa del Rey match against Rayo Vallecano. He scored his first professional goal in a 2-0 win against Huesca. 

On 28 July 2014, Griezmann transferred to Atlético Madrid from Real Sociedad for a fee of 30 million Euros. He scored his first goal for the club in a game against Olympiacos F.C.. They lost 3-2.

Griezmann scored twice in the 2018 UEFA Europa League Final against Olympique de Marseille. Atletico won 3-0. Barcelona offered him a contract in June 2018, but he declined the offer and stayed at Atletico for one more year. 

On 12 July 2019, Griezmann signed to FC Barcelona after they bought his 120 million euro buy-out clause. The transfer created a lot of controversy because experts claim Barcelona paid 80 million euros less than the actual release clause of 200 million.

Griezmann got married to Erika Choperena on 15 June 2017. They have two children: a daughter named Mia, born on 8 April 2016, and a son named Amaro, born on 8 April 2019.

Real Sociedad

Atlético Madrid

Barcelona

France U19

France

Individual

Orders


Kevin De Bruyne

Kevin De Bruyne is a professional football player from Belgium. He plays for Manchester City F.C. and the Belgian national team. He is the captain of Manchester City.

Genk

VfL Wolfsburg

Manchester City

Belgium

Individual

Adélie Land

Adélie Land () is France's claim in Antarctica, It stretches from the Great Southern Ocean inland all the way to the South Pole. It was named after Adèle Dumont d'Urville, the wife of French explorer Jules Dumont d'Urville. 

Jaynagar Majilpur

Jaynagar Majilpur (or Jaynagar) is a town and a municipality of the South 24 Parganas district in the Indian state of West Bengal. It is in the southern suburbs of Kolkata. The city is in the area of Greater Kolkata. It is a part of the area covered by the Kolkata Metropolitan Development Authority (KMDA). The city is very famous for the confectionery called "Jaynagarer Moa".

Jaynagar Majilpur is located at . The average elevation of this city is .

The district is in the Ganges Delta and the southern part is covered by the Baruipur-Jaynagar Plain. Archaeological excavations at Dhosa and Tilpi, on the bank of the Piyali River show people were living there around 2,000 years ago.

During the 2011 Census of India, there were 25,922 people living in Jaynagar Majilpur. 13,234 (51%) of the people were males and 12,688 (49%) were females. There were 2,277 people younger than 6 years old. There were 20,898 (88.38%) people who were older than six years old who could read. Most of the people live in the towns. 

Sranan Tongo

Sranan Tongo (also known as Sranantongo and Sranan) is an English creole language spoken in Suriname.

Nördlingen

Nördlingen is a town in the district of Donau-Ries in Bavaria in Germany. The mayor is currently Hermann Faul. Two battles during the Thirty Years' War took place here. It is one of only three German towns to still have a complete city wall.

Livingstone, Zambia

Livingstone is a city in southern Zambia. It is on the border with Zimbabwe and is known as the home of the Victoria Falls.

Luanshya

Luanshya is a town in Zambia, in the Copperbelt Province near Ndola. It has a population of 117,579 (2008 census).

Coaling, Alabama

Coaling is a town in Tuscaloosa County, Alabama, United States. At the 2020 census, the population was 2,035.

Coffeeville, Alabama

Coffeeville is a town in Clarke County, Alabama, United States. At the 2020 census, the population was 263. The town was incorporated in 1817.

Coffeeville is located at 31°45'40.543" North, 88°5'20.940" West (31.761262, -88.089150), on high ground on the east side of the Tombigbee River.

According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the town has a total area of , all land.

Fulton, Alabama

Fulton is a town in Clarke County, Alabama, United States. At the 2020 census, the population was 223.

Entebbe

Entebbe is a town in central Uganda. It is the second largest city in the country after Kampala. Entebbe is found on the shores of Lake Victoria. Entebbe International Airport, which is the main and busiest airport of Uganda, is located in the town.
The famous Operation Entebbe took place at Entebbe Airport in 1976.

Columbia, Alabama

Columbia is a town in Houston County, Alabama, United States. At the 2020 census the population was 690, down from 740 in 2010. It is part of the Dothan Metropolitan Statistical Area.

Houston County

Houston County is the name of five counties in the United States:

Faunsdale, Alabama

Faunsdale is a town in the U.S. state of Alabama.

ISO 4165

ISO 4165 is a standard adopted by the International Organization for Standardization (ISO). It describes a double-pole DC connector to supply between 12 and 24 V DC at up to 12 amps to appliances in vehicles. It is similar in design to a cigar lighter receptacle, but is shorter and smaller in diameter. It was originally a standard fitting on all the German military vehicles during World War II.

The current version of the standard is ISO 4165:2001

Other names for this connector include:

At least one manufacturer sells a combination plug that combines a cigar lighter plug and a Powerlet plug.

Chingola

Chingola is a city in Zambia's Copperbelt Province, the country's copper-mining region. It has a population of 157,340 (2008 census).

Garden City, Alabama

Garden City is a town in the U.S. state of Alabama.

Holly Pond, Alabama

Holly Pond is a town in the state of Alabama in the United States.

South Vinemont, Alabama

South Vinemont is a town in the state of Alabama in the United States.

Gu-Win, Alabama

Gu-Win is a town in the state of Alabama in the United States.

Sikasso

Sikasso is a city in the south of Mali. It is the capital of the Sikasso Cercle and the Sikasso Region. It is the second largest city in Mali. 225,753 people lived there in the 2009 census.

Butler County

Butler County is the name of eight counties in the United States:

Grand County

Grand County is the name of two counties in the United States:

D12

D12 (also known as The Dirty Dozen) was an American hip hop collective. They were formed in 1996 by Eminem, Proof, Bizarre, D Ratt, B-Flat, Mr. Porter, and Eye Kyu in Detroit, Michigan.

The band gained significant notoriety thanks to Eminem's international success. Taking advantage of this success, they have managed to rank their albums at the top of sales in many countries, including the United States and the United Kingdom. Their best known singles were "Fight Music", "Purple Pills", "My Band", "Shit on You", and "How Come". Since 2006 after the death of Proof, the group has remained almost inactive because of Eminem's drug problems. It led to its withdrawal from the music scene for more than three years and the departure of Mr. Porter and Bizarre in 2012. However, the group reformed several times in 2014, only for Eminem to announce their breakup on "Stepping Stone" from "Kamikaze". However, as Bizarre, Kuniva and Swifty had been recording and touring under the name D12 as a trio for several years prior to Eminem's announcement and have continued to do so since, this announcement is more accurately read as Eminem's official retirement from the group after a decade of token involvement.


David P.I. James

David P.I. James is an American visual effects artist and supervisor. He has worked with Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures on a number of movies, including "The Rocketeer", "Flubber", "Mighty Joe Young", "Inspector Gadget", "Mission to Mars", "102 Dalmatians", "The Princess Diaries", "The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy", "", "Old Dogs", "Doctor Strange", and "Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2".


Toyota Owners 400

The Toyota Owners 400 is a Monster Energy NASCAR Cup Series race held annually at Richmond Raceway in Richmond, Virginia, it is one of two races held at the circuit, with the other one being the Federated Auto Parts 400, From 2007-2011, It was named by the sponsor, Crown Royal, The race is held on Saturday night and it it is held on the weekend in April, For several years, it was held after the Daytona 500 in February, Consistent cold weather, snow delays, prompted track officials to move the race later in the spring.



GEICO 500

The GEICO 500 is a Monster Energy NASCAR Cup Series race held annually at Talladega Superspeedway, it is one of two races held at the circuit, with the other one being the 1000Bulbs.com 500 in October, Unlike the Daytona 500, Multiple cars pile up in wrecks, known as The Big One.

Talladega Superspeedway tops the series list with its steepest banking with 33 degrees, Because of its speed, Talladega is one of two tracks to stop speeds from climbing too high.

S Doradus

S Doradus is a blue hypergiant star found in the large magellanic cloud. Its temperature can fall to lower than 7,000 degrees Kelvin in big eruptions. S Doradus can be more than a million times brighter than our Sun and 380 times larger in these eruptions.

Western Province, Zambia

Western Province is a province in western Zambia. It is home of the Lozi people and the Kuomboka Ceremony.

Kasungu

Kasungu is a town in the Central Region of Malawi. It is also the home town of Malawi's first president Hastings Banda.

Zagazig

Zagazig is a city in Egypt. It is located near the Nile Delta and is the home town of former president Mohamadd Morsi.

Ghats

The Ghats are two mountain ranges at the eastern and western edges of the Deccan Plateau in southern India. The Ghats are separated from the coasts of the Arabian Sea and the Bay of Bengal by fairly level coastal land. 

The Eastern Ghats are broken into several hill masses that are unlike each other and have a northeast-southwest trend along the Bay of Bengal. The Western Ghats are steep on the seaward side but gently sloping on the side of the Deccan plateau.


2018 Monster Energy NASCAR Cup Series

The 2018 Monster Energy NASCAR Cup Series is the 70th season of the Monster Energy NASCAR Cup Series, the season began with the Advance Auto Parts Clash, the Can-Am Duel and the Daytona 500, and will end with the Ford EcoBoost 400 on November 18.

The Bank of America Roval 400 will run on the infield road course instead of its quad-oval.

AAA 400 Drive for Autism

The AAA 400 Drive for Autism is a Monster Energy NASCAR Cup Series race held annually at Dover International Speedway, it is one of two races on the circuit, with the other one being the Dover 400 in October, The race is the 11th race of the season and AAA became the title sponsor for 2016.

NASCAR had memorable finishes at this racetrack.

The race reduced from 500 miles to 400 miles in 1998.

Joshua Wong

Joshua Wong Chi-fung (, born 13 October 1996) is a Hong Kong student activist and politician. He is a member of the Umbrella Movement. The movement seeks democracy of Hong Kong from China. He led students & youths in the 2014 Hong Kong protests and has been jailed twice for leading the pro-democracy protests. In April 2016, he founded Demosistō with Nathan Law, Agnes Chow and more. On 30 June 2020, after the Hong Kong national security law was passed, he told the public on Facebook that he leaves Demosistō. Wong said, the passed national security law means pro-democracy activist have to worry about their lives and personal safety. 


Nathan Law

Nathan Law Kwun-chung (; born 13 July 1993) is a Hong Kong student leader, politician, activist and pro-democracy member. Alongside Joshua Wong, he led the 2014 Hong Kong protests. He is the founding and former chairman of Demosistō. He founded Demosistō with Joshua Wong, Agnes Chow and more. On 30 June 2020, after the Hong Kong national security law was passed, he told the public on Facebook that he quits Demosistō.


Alex Chow

Alex Chow Wing Hong (; born 18th August 1990) is a Hong Kong student leader and member of the 2014 Hong Kong protests. He has alongside Umbrella Movement leaders, Nathan Law and Joshua Wong been a key member in the organizations involvement in pro-democracy protests.


Sam Kazemian

Sam Hamidi-Kazemian (born February 12, 1993) is an Iranian software programmer. He is the co-founder and president of Everipedia.

Kazemian graduated from UCLA in 2015. He changed his mind about going to medical school in order to work on Everipedia.

Sam Kazemian​ founded Everipedia with Theodor Forselius​ in December 2014 in Kazemian's dormitory room at UCLA.

In 2017, Kazemian told to "Boing Boing" that "Wikia, like Wikipedia, uses really old software that was built in 2001. Meanwhile there are all these new, modern crowd-knowledge sites like Rap Genius, Quora and StackOverflow, but nobody ever tried to attack the original beast - a wiki of everything - with the new, modern tools. That is what Everipedia aims to do."

When he was young, he and his family moved to the US. He is a blockchain enthusiast and a fan of the programming language Python.

Milpitas

Milpitas () is a city in Santa Clara County, California. The population was 80,273 at the 2020 census. It shares borders with San Jose to the south and Fremont to the north.

Milpitas is part of Silicon Valley and has many technology companies.

Brisbane, California

Brisbane ( , unlike Brisbane, Australia) is a small city located in California in the northern part of San Mateo County. It is next to San Francisco. The population was 4,851 as of the 2020 census.

Lake View, Alabama

Lake View is a town in Tuscaloosa County, Alabama, United States. At the 2020 census the population was 3,560. It is part of the Tuscaloosa Metropolitan Statistical Area.

Lake View was incorporated in 1998.

Lake View is located at (33.279933, -87.138667).

According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the town has a total area of , of which is land and (12.57%) is water.

Lakeview, Alabama

Lakeview is a town in DeKalb County, Alabama, United States. At the 2020 census, the population was 161.

Fyffe, Alabama

Fyffe is a town in DeKalb County, Alabama, United States. It was incorporated in 1956. At the 2020 census, the population was 967.

Childersburg, Alabama

Childersburg is a city in the U.S. state of Alabama. It is in Talladega County.

Colma, California

Colma is a small incorporated town in San Mateo County, California, near the northern end of the San Francisco Peninsula in the San Francisco Bay Area. The population was 1,507 at the 2020 census. The town was founded as a necropolis in 1924. More than 1 million people are buried in Colma's cemeteries.


Dutton, Alabama

Dutton is a town in Jackson County, Alabama, United States. It was incorporated in 1963. As of the 2020 census, the population was 330.

Mongu

Mongu is the capital city of Western Province, Zambia of the Lozi people. It has about 150,000 residents and is home of the Kuombola Ceremony.

Washington Terrace, Utah

Washington Terrace is a city in Utah, United States. The city was developed in 1942 during a war-time housing project. Washington Terrace is located in Weber County. The city has a total area of 1.9 square miles. As of the 2020 census, 9,267 people live in Washington Terrace.

Monster Energy NASCAR All Star Race

The Monster Energy NASCAR All-Star Race is a race open to race winners from the previous season as well as the current season, plus full-time drivers who won the Monster Energy NASCAR Cup Series championship, Full time drivers who are not eligible compete in the Monster Energy Open, Each driver wins the first three stages or wins the fan vote earns a spot in the All-Star Race, The All-Star Race has a unique format, which changes frequently. The current format consists of one 30-lap stage, two 20-lap stages and one final 10-lap stage to determine the winner. 

The drivers who win the All-Star Race receive $1,000,000 with each stage win receiving a bonus prize.

Coca-Cola 600

The Coca-Cola 600 is a Monster Energy NASCAR Cup Series race held annually at Charlotte Motor Speedway in Concord, North Carolina on Memorial Day weekend, the longest Monster Energy NASCAR Cup Series race held on the circuit, with the other one being the Bank of America Roval 400 in October, Run as , the race still stands as the longest race of the year.

NASCAR has honored military survivors will highlight all five branches of the United States.

The Coca-Cola 600 has been notable for the most finishes, The race starts at 6:20 pm and the track is bathed in sunlight for the first third of the race, The second third happens at dusk, and the final third is under the lights.

From 1960 to 1984 the race was known as the World 600. In 1985, the race's name was changed to the Coca-Cola World 600. In 1986 the name was shortened to the Coca-Cola 600, or Coke 600 which it was referred to at the time. The name changed again in 2002 to the Coca-Cola Racing Family 600 referring to the Coca-Cola family of drivers who are sponsored by Coca-Cola. In 2003, the name returned to the Coca-Cola 600.

Angelique Kerber

Angelique Kerber (born 18 January 1988 in Bremen, Germany) is a professional tennis player from Germany. She is three time Grand Slam champion, having won Australian Open and U S Open in 2016 and Wimbledon in 2018. In September, 2016, Kerber became the oldest female player to hold world no. 1 ranking for the first time. She also won silver medal at 2016 Summer Olympics while representing Germany.

Fire and Fury

Fire and Fury is a book by Michael Woff which explains the way the Donald Trump White House operates. It was published in January 2018.

Pocono 400

The Pocono 400 is a Monster Energy NASCAR Cup Series race held annually at Pocono Raceway, it is one of two races held at the circuit, with the other one being the Gander Outdoors 400 in August.

It is the 14th race of the season.

U Lacertae

U Lacertae is a binary star located in the Lacerta constellation. The main star is a red supergiant 1,022 times larger than our Sun.


WOH G64

WOH G64 is a red supergiant star. It could be the largest known star in the known universe, with a radius of about 1,540 times that of the Sun. 

It is also one of the coolest stars in the Large Magellanic Cloud, with an effective temperature of 3,400 Kelvin. It is a possible Mira variable.

WOH G64 is surrounded by a thick dust envelope of about a light year in diameter. This envelope is made of expelled material and is three to nine times the Sun's mass. It was created by the strong stellar wind. If placed at the center of the Solar System, the star's photosphere would engulf the orbit of Jupiter.

David Hussey

David Hussey (born 1968) is an American actor, comedian, singer, dancer and musician, who is best known for his role as Ronald McDonald in the McDonald's commercials from 2000 to 2014 and voicing Ronald in "The Wacky Adventures of Ronald McDonald", replacing Jack Doepke. He graduated Magna cum Laude from Southern Methodist University in 1990.

Hussey is married to Tonilyn Hussey; together they have a son.





Jack Doepke

Bruce William Deopke (born March 15, 1950), also known as Jack Deopke, is a retired American actor. He is known for his portrayal as Ronald McDonald in the McDonald's commercials from 1991 to 1999 and in "The Wacky Adventures of Ronald McDonald", replacing Squire Fridell. After retiring from acting, Deopke now works as a programmer-technician.

Deopke was previously married to Dawn Watson from 1976 to 1985. Deopke has been married to his second wife Carol Jean Doll since October 1, 1989, together they have two children.




Patriotic Front

Patriotic Front is a political party in Zambia. It has formed in 2001 by Michael Sata as a breakaway from the MMD after he had felt discontent of not being chosen as Frederick Chiluba. It has been the country's rulling party since 2011.

ZANU–PF

ZANU-PF is a political party in Zimbabwe. It came into power when Zimbabwe gained independence from British rule in 1980 .

SCUM Manifesto

SCUM Manifesto is a radical feminist manifesto by Valerie Solanas, published in 1967. It argues that men have ruined the world, and that it is up to women to fix it. To achieve this goal, it suggests the formation of SCUM, an organization dedicated to overthrowing society and eliminating the male sex. The Manifesto is widely regarded as satirical, but based on legitimate philosophical and social concerns. It has been reprinted at least ten times in English, translated into thirteen languages, and excerpted several times.

Garbiñe Muguruza

Garbiñe Muguruza (born 8 October 1993 in Caracas, Venezuela) is a Venezuelan-born professional tennis player from Spain. She is two times Grand Slam winner, having won French Open in 2016 and Wimbledon in 2017. Muguruza is a former world no.1 tennis player, she is currently ranked no.7.

"This table is current through the 2018 Australian Open"

Nerbudda River

The Nerbudda River (other spellings are "Narbudda" and "Narmada") is a river in western India. The source of the Nerbudda is in the east of the state of Madhya Pradesh. At Jabalpur it turns southwest and follows a course between the Vindhya and Satpura ranges. It then follows a more westerly course across Madhya Pradesh and then Gujarat. Finally the river flows into the Gulf of Khambhat through an estuary 13 miles wide.


Karolína Plíšková

Karolína Hrdličková (née Plíšková, born 21 March 1992 in Louny, Czech Republic) is a professional tennis player from Czech Republic. She is a former world no.1 player. Plíšková reached US Open finals in 2016 but lost to Angelique Kerber. She is currently ranked no.9.

Richard Russell

Richard Russell may refer to:


Jelena Janković

Jelena Janković (born 28 February 1985 in Belgrade) is a professional tennis player from Serbia. She is a former world no.1 singles player. Janković reached 2008 US Open finals where she lost to Serena Williams in straight sets.

Viceroy

A viceroy is a royal official who rules an area in the name of the King (or Queen). The word is made of 'vice' (Latin for 'in place of') and 'roy' (French, meaning 'king').

The title was used when an empire has widespread territories which the monarch would rarely visit. It was used regularly by the Spanish, Portuguese, Russian, Habsburg and British empires. In the British Empire a viceroy was only appointed in the case of British India, and only then for Lord Canning in 1858. Otherwise it was just a ceremonial name for the Governors-General.

Cale Yarborough

William "Caleb" Cale Yarborough (March 27, 1939 – December 31, 2023) was a NASCAR Winston Cup Series driver and was one of the series personalities.

Yarborough is a three-time Winston Cup Champion, winning the series, 1976, 1977 and 1978. He is the only driver to only win three consecutive titles. His wins was placed at number 5, Yaroborough won the Daytona 500 five times in his career. His win coming from Wood Brothers Racing in his career, the second in 1977 for Junior Johnson, and back to back wins in 1983 and 1984, In 1984, he became the first driver to qualify for the Daytona 500 with a speed of .

He was involved in a wreck in the 1979 Daytona 500.

As a young kid, Yaroborough attended the Southern 500 as a spectator without a ticket, by 1958, he was able to be competing in the Grand National Circuit, In 1965, He was involved in a wreck by Sam McQuagg, Yaroborough's car sailed over the guardrail after tangling with McQuagg's car, Yaroborough tried to make a pass with McQuagg, but their tenders touched Yaroborugh's car went airborne, The car came to rest against a telephone pole outside the track, Yaroborough, who was uninjured, said "I knew I was in trouble when I saw the grass, because I knew there ain't no grass on the racetrack",

On February 25, 1968, he won his first big time race as he beat LeeRoy Yarbrough by less than a second to win the 1968 Daytona 500, Yarborough would win five more races incuding the Southern 500 by four car lengths above David Pearson.

Early in his career, Yarborough competed in the Indianapolis 500, racing in 1966-1967 and 1971-1972.

He captured his second Daytona 500 in 1977, It was so important that Sports Illustrated put him on cover after his second Daytona 500 win, one of the first stock car drivers that cover on the legendary sports magazine, (see A.J. Foyt).


Two episodes of the TV show The Dukes of Hazzard, was featured Cale playing himself, "Cale comes to the Hazzard" in 1984 and "Cale meets the Hazzard in 1979".

Yarborough died under hospice care in Florence, South Carolina from problems caused by a "rare" genetic disorder on December 31, 2023. He was 84.


Mehrdad Pahlbod

Mehrdad Pahlbod (‎; 16 March 1917 – 9 August 2018) was an Iranian politician. He served as the Minister of Culture and Arts from 1964 to 1978. He was the first culture minister of Iran. He was a member of the Iranian royal family through his marriage to Shams Pahlavi, the sister of Mohammad Reza Pahlavi, the last Shah of Iran.

Pahlbod was born in Tehran. He married Shams Pahlavi in 1945. They also became Roman Catholics in the 1940s. Pahlavi died in 1996.

Pahlbod turned 100 in 2017. He died on 9 August 2018 in Los Angeles, California, United States. He was 101.

Democratic Alliance

The Democratic Alliance, popularly known as the DA, is the main opposition political party in South Africa. It is led by John Steenhuisen.

2019 NASCAR Gander Outdoors Truck Series

The NASCAR Gander Outdoors Truck Series will be the 25th season of third-highest stock-car racing in the United States, the season will begin with the NextEra Energy Resources 250 at Daytona International Speedway and end with the Ford EcoBoost 200 at Homestead-Miami Speedway, Gander Outdoors began as the title sponsor as Camping World decided not to remain as title sponsor.

The schedule, comprising of 23 races, was released on June 15, 2018.

Bad Balance

Bad Balance is a Russian hip hop group. They also perform under the name Bad B..

It was formed in 1989 by breakdancer and rapper Vlad Valov, also known as "Master SheFF" or "SHEFF", and by DJ Gleb Matveyev, known as "DJ LA". First it was based in Donetsk in modern Ukraine, later the musicians relocated to Russia's Saint Petersburg and now this is a Moscow-based group.

Bad Balance are known as one of the first groups in Russia and Soviet Union, which perform hip hop music. Bad Balance actively promoted the hip hop culture in Russia.



Umbrella Movement

The Umbrella Movement () was a political formation that brought about the 2014 Hong Kong protests. It was formed in 2014 as a means of getting the democracy of Hong Kong from China. In 2019, nine of the initiators were found guilty in a Hong Kong court for inciting public nuisance.

Terry Labonte

Terrance Lee "Terry" Labonte (born November 16, 1956) is a former NASCAR Winston Cup Series retired American racecar driver. Labonte was introduced to racing by his father, who worked on racecars as a hobby. He is a brother of former driver Bobby Labonte, and the father of NASCAR Winston Cup Series driver Justin Labonte. He appeared in the 1983 Burt Reynolds movie, Prism Motorsporter Ace. In 1984, he portrayed a crewman from the movie "The Dukes of Hazzard". In 2000, he appeared in a Denny's commercial. 

Labonte started racing when he was 7 years old, and won a national championship at age 9, before moving on to the short tracks as a teenager. He won short track championships as a child, driving on both dirt and asphalt, in Houston and San Antonio from 1975-1977. During this time, he also met Louisiana businessman Billy Hagan. Hagan offered Labonte a job on his Winston Cup team along with the promise to drive five races that year.

Labonte's first NASCAR race came in at Darlington Raceway, racing the #92 Duck Industries Chevrolet. He qualified 19th in the Duck Industries Chevy and finished fourth that weekend. He ran four more races that season and had additional two top-ten finishes. In 1979, he competed for NASCAR Winston Cup Rookie of the Year along with the late Dale Earnhardt, Harry Gant and Joe Millikan, driving the #44 Stratagraph Chevrolet for Hagan Racing, In 1980, he had his first win for the Southern 500. While Labonte failed to win the top rookie of the year award, he was one of the rookies to finish the Top 10 in points. He ended the season with 13 Top 10 finishes, The following year, Labonte won the Labor Day weekend race, the Southern 500 at Darlington Raceway. He won $222,501 and finished sixth in final points. In 1984, He portrayed an unnamed pit crewman on the CBS series, "The Dukes of Hazzard".

Labonte failed to return to victory lane over the next few years, but did not finish outside the top five in points. He won his second career race in 1983 in the Budweiser Chevy, In 1984, his team received sponsorship from Piedmont Airlines and he won at Riverside International Speedway and Bristol Motor Speedway the following year, clinching his first NASCAR Winston Cup Series championship. He dropped to seventh in final points in 1985. The same season, he own in his Busch Series debut at Charlotte in the #17 Pontiac for Darrell Waltrip.

After Labonte fell back to 12th in standings, he announced that he was leaving Hagan to drive the #11 Budweiser Chevy for Junior Johnson and Associates. In his first season with the team, he won four poles and the Holly Farms 400, rising up to third in standings, following that up with a fourth-place finish in 1988. In 1989, the team switched to Ford Thunderbirds. Despite two wins during the season, he fell back to tenth in the championship, causing him to leave the team.

He made plans to field his own team in 1990, but promised involvements fell through at last minute.

In 1990, he signed with the #1 Skoal Classic Oldsmobile team for Precision Products Racing. He had four Top 5 spots in the points standings. He came back to Hagan to drive the #94 Sunoco Oldsmobile in 1991. While he failed to go to victory lane, he won the first pole in 1998 at Watkins Glen International. In 1993, the team switched to the Kellogg's and Chevrolet. He began in 1992 without a finish inside the top 8 in the first eight races. He had a total of four top five finishes, and ended the sesason with eighth in points. For the first time in his career, he failed to finish in the top five and he dropped to eighteenth in points.

After Labonte left Hagan in 1993, he joined Hendrick Motorsports in 1994, where he started driving the #5 Kellogg's-sponsored Chevrolet Lumina and responded by notching three wins in each for his first two wins there. In 1995, the team switched to Chevrolet Monte Carlos. In 1996, he broke Richard Petty's streak for consecutive races ended after winning at North Wilksboro. Despite winning only two races, Labonte went on to win the championship that year as well, a record-setting of twelve years after his first. Driving while having a broken hand during the last two races of the season, Labonte's younger brother Bobby Labonte performed a dual victory laps at Atlanta Motor Speedway for the final day of the season; Bobby won the race and Terry won the championship, the only driver to win the race as a sibling won the championship. He also appeared in the Denny's Restaurant commercial in 2000.

Labonte posted twenty top-ten finishes in 1997, but did not win until the fall race at Talladega Superspeedway.

In 1998, Labonte was able to win the Pontiac Exitement 400 but dropped to ninth in points. Despite a win at his home track at Texas Motor Speedway and The Winston in 1999, Labonte finished 12th in standings, the first time he finished outside of the top 10 points since 1993. The year 2000 saw Labonte's consecutive start break be broken after he had an ear infection at the Pepsi 400, and was forced to miss the Brickyard 400 and Global Crossing @ The Glen. He began in 2001 with two top-six finishes in the first seven races but he had the worst finish of his career at the time when he finished 23rd in final points. He dropped back to 24th in 2002.

In 2003, Labonte went on to win his first pole at Richmond, and his last win at Darlington Raceway after leading 33 laps. He was unable to finish in the top five in 2004, and after a 26th-place finish. He announced that 2004 would be his last year at the circuit, and would run part-time schedules for the next cheerleaders. He borrowed the #44 from Petty Enterprises, and ran Hendrick's #44 Research & Development car with a sponsorship of Kellogg's, Pizza Hut, and GMAC. His best finish in the #44 came at Pocono Raceway, where he finished 12th. He also drove the #11 FedEx Chevrolet for Joe Gibbs Racing part time, following the release of Joe Gibbs Racing, finishing ninth at Richmond.

Labonte began driving the #96 Texas Instruments/DLP HDTV Chevrolet Monte Carlo for Hall of Fame Racing, a new team started by Dallas Cowboys quarterbacks Roger Staubach and Troy Aikman, Labonte's former champion exemption guaranteed the final spot in the first five races.

Labonte's finishes in those left the team with 30th in points, sealing a spot for the team in each race as as long they stay in the top 35, Tony Raines took over the #96 car and is expected to run in the rest of the series, is expected to run the rest of the races, except road course races at Sonoma Raceway and Watkins Glen International. His best finish thus far began at Sonoma, where he finished third, Labonte's last race was to be at Texas Motor Speedway, Michael Waltrip hired him to drive the #55 NAPA Toyota for the road courses races in 2007.

In 1988, the senior Labonte was named as the NASCAR's 50 Greatest Drivers. A park was renamed for the Labonte brothers in their hometown of Corpus Christi in 2001, and they were chosen an entry into the Texas Sports Hall of Fame in 2002. Labonte supports a variety of charities and due to his efforts, the Ronald McDonald House in Corpus Christi, the Victory Junction Gang Camp, and the Hendrick Marrow Program had been benefited. In 2016, He was inducted into the NASCAR Hall of Fame.

Labonte has lived in Thomasville, North Carolina, area for most of his career, Terry and Kim Labonte married in 1978. During his first year with Billy Hagan, where worked while they was in high school in Texas, they have two children who have grown up around racing, just as Labonte did years ago, Justin Labonte, born in 1981, was a late model champion at Caraway Speedway in 2003 and raced a limited Busch Series schedule in 2004 (including a win at Chicagoland Speedway in July) with a sponsorship for the Coast Guard, That sponsor expanded to a full schedule in 2005, Kristy, born in 1983, graduated with a business marketing major from High Point University.

In addition to 22 races in Cup, Labonte has won 11 races in Nationwide, and 1 in the Craftsman Truck Series. He has been the champion for the 24 Hours at Daytona and the 12 Hours of Sebring as well as three all star races, the Busch Clash (now the Advance Auto Parts Clash), and the Winston in 1985 (now the Monster Energy NASCAR All Star Race) in 1998 and 1999. He also won the IROC championship in 1989. Including his two championship seasons, he has finished in the top 10 in year-end standings 17 times, and his top 10 totals approach 25% and 50%, respectively of his total races.


Sexual addiction

Sexual addiction is when people engage in sexual activities, especially sexual intercourse, even if this has negative consequences for them. Some scientists believe it is one of several sex-related disorders within an umbrella concept known as hypersexual disorder. The term "sexual dependence" is also used to refer to people who report being unable to control their sexual urges, behaviors, or thoughts. Other related models of pathological sexual behavior include hypersexuality (nymphomania and satyriasis), erotomania, Don Juanism (or Don Juanitaism), and paraphilia-related disorders.

Not all people agree that the condition sexual addicion exists. There is considerable debate among psychiatrists, psychologists, sexologists, and other specialists whether compulsive sexual behavior constitutes an addiction. They also disagree about its classification and possible diagnosis. Research on animals has shown that compulsive sexual behavior uses the same mechanism of action that is also responsible for drug addiction in laboratory animals. As of 2018, neither the DSM or ICD medical classifications recognise sexual addiction as a valid diagnosis. 

FireKeepers Casino 400

The FireKeepers Casino 400 is a Monster Energy NASCAR Cup Series race held annually at Michigan International Speedway in Brooklyn Michigan. It is the first of two races held at Michigan, with the other one being the Consumers Energy 400 in August.

This particular event had one of the title sponsorship arrangements, Miller Brewing Company sponsored the race from 1984-1998, In 2006, 3M signed a three-year sponsorship for the race, but after one moved its sponsorship to the August race, Starting in 2008, LifeLock began as title sponsor pending the sponsorship by the speedway, but left after two, The LifeLock 400 was the race formerly known as the Banquet 400 in 2007, From 2012-2015, Quicken Loans sponsored the race, and was replaced by FireKeepers Casino for 2016.

The 1999 race, won by Dale Jarrett, went without a caution, At an average speed of 173.957 mph, It set NASCAR all-time record for a 400-mile race, In many seasons, the race falls on Father's Day weekend.

Namibia National Students Organisation

The Namibia National Students Organisation (NANSO) is a student organisation which advocates for educational reforms for Namibian students. It was formed in 1984, four years before Namibia's independence as a means of providing equal opportunities for Namibian students who were excluded by Apartheid rule rules. 

NANSO has been representing Namibian students nationally since its inception in 1984. In 2016, the student organisation organised mass movements of Namibian students to demand free registration fees at the country's two major universities.

Peya Mushelenga

Peya Mushelenga (born 1975) is a Namibian politician and poet. He is a SWAPO MP. Since February 2018, he has been the minister of Urban and Rural Development.

Mikhail Shakhov

Mikhail Afanasyevich Shakhov (; 20 November 1931 – 8 August 2018) was a Soviet bantamweight freestyle wrestler. He competed at the 1956 and the 1960 Summer Olympics and won a bronze medal in 1956. Shakhov was born in Saratov Oblast, Russia.
Shakhov died on 8 August 2018 in Kiev, Ukraine, aged 86.

Levoncourt

Levoncourt may refer to the following places in France:

Franklin, Alabama

Franklin is a town in Macon County, Alabama, United States. The 2020 census placed the population at 590.

Savigneux

Savigneux may refer to the following places in France:

Eclectic, Alabama

Eclectic is a town in the U.S. state of Alabama.

Schinznach (disambiguation)

Schinznach may refer to:

Goms

Goms may refer to:


Copyright status of work by the U.S. government

Anything that is written as "a work prepared by an officer or employee" of the United States federal government "as part of that person's official duties," is permitted to be used without a penalty and is in the public domain. More details of this rule, as defined by the United States copyright law of the United States copyright law, is available. Such writings are not protected under U.S. law. This rule may not be true in other countries.

Chavornay

Chavornay is the name of several places:

Chavornay, Switzerland

Chavornay is a municipality of the district of Jura-Nord Vaudois in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland. On 1 January 2017, the former municipalities of Essert-Pittet and Corcelles-sur-Chavornay merged into the municipality of Chavornay.


United Party for National Development

United Party For National Development (UPND) is a political party in Zambia. It was the country's main opposition party until 2021, when the party president, businessman Hakainde Hichilema, was elected president.

2018 Horizon Air Q400 incident

On August 10, 2018, a Horizon Air Bombardier Dash 8 Q400 was stolen from Seattle–Tacoma International Airport ("Sea–Tac") in SeaTac, Washington.

The man responsible was 29-year-old Richard Russell. He was a Horizon Air ground service operator with no piloting experience.

Russell performed an unauthorized takeoff and flew southward as F-15 fighter jets were scrambled to take down the plane. Sea–Tac air traffic control made radio contact with Russell. He was killed when the plane crashed on sparsely populated Ketron Island in Puget Sound.

Eurocentrism

Eurocentrism (also Western-centrism) is a worldview about the works and criticism of Western civilization. The exact beliefs of the term changes from the entire Western world to only Europe or even just Western Europe (especially during the Cold War). 

When applied to history, it may refer to a stance towards European colonialism and other forms of imperialism.


Steve Oedekerk

Steven Brent "Steve" Oedekerk (born November 27, 1961) is an American comedian, director, editor, producer, screenwriter and actor. Oedekerk is best known for his works with actor Jim Carrey and director Tom Shadyac. He starred in the "Ace Ventura" franchise, on "Thumbmation" shorts and his movie "Kung Pow: Enter the Fist" (2002).

Acting roles
Acting roles

Santiago a mil

Santiago a Mil or Santiago by the Thousands is a large festival in Chile. It lasts three weeks in January in the country's capital, Santiago. It features open-air and indoor theater performances. The performances cost little or nothing.

SeaTac, Washington

SeaTac is a city in southern King County, Washington, United States. It is a suburb of Seattle, Washington. The name "SeaTac" is a combination of "Seattle" and "Tacoma". It is named from the Seattle–Tacoma International Airport.

The city of SeaTac is in area and has a population of 26,909 according to the 2010 census. Residents voted for incorporation on March 14, 1989, and the city incorporated in February 1990.

Camel toe

Camel toe, or cameltoe, is slang for when the outline of a woman's labia majora is seen in tightly fitting clothes. The male equivalent of cameltoe is "mooseknuckle or manbulge". It is called a "camel toe" because of how the woman's labia outline is similar to that of a camel's toe. 

Camel toe happens as a result of wearing tight-fitting clothes, such as shorts, leggings or swimwear.

Labia majora

The labia majora (singular: "labium majus") are two well known areas where the skin folds that extend downward and backward from the mons pubis to the perineum. Together with the labia minora they form the labia of the vulva.

The labia majora are homologous to the male scrotum.


Labia minora

The labia minora, Latin for "smaller lips," singular: "labium minus ""smaller lip""", also known as the inner labia, inner lips, vaginal lips or nymphae, are two flaps of skin on either side of the human vagina. It is an opening in the vulva. It is between the labia majora (the Latin for "larger lips;" also called outer labia, or outer lips). 

The labia minora vary widely in size, color, and shape from individual to individual.

Mons pubis

In human anatomy, and in mammals in general, the mons pubis (pubic mound, also known simply as the mons, and known specifically in females as the mons Venus or mons veneris), is a part of the body where the fatty tissue is found over the pubic symphysis of the pubic bones. The mons veneris is part of the vulva. The vulva is the part of the body where reproductive organs are located on the outside of the body.


Arthur Davies (tenor)

Arthur Davies (11 April 1941 – ) was a Welsh tenor. He had an international performance career from the 1970s through the 1990s. He performed leading roles with The Royal Opera in London, the Welsh National Opera, the Scottish Opera, and the English National Opera.

Davies was born in Wrexham, Wales. He died in August 2018 at the age of 77. His death was announced on August 9.


Fabio Mamerto Rivas Santos

Fabio Mamerto Rivas Santos (11 May 1932 – 11 August 2018) was a Dominican Roman Catholic prelate. He was born in Cabirmota, La Vega. Rivas Santos was ordained to the priesthood in 1965. He was the Bishop of Barahona from 1976 until his resignation in 1999. 

Rivas Santos died on 11 August 2018 in Jarabacoa, Dominica. He was 86.


Samir Amin

Samir Amin (3 September 1931 – 12 August 2018) was an Egyptian-French Marxian economist. He was born in Cairo. He was known for his creation of the term Eurocentrism in 1988.

Amin died on 12 August 2018 in Paris, aged 86.


Gabriela Michetti

Marta Gabriela Michetti Illia (; born 28 May 1965) is an Argentine politician. She was the 36th Vice President of Argentina from 10 December 2015 through 10 December 2019 alongside President Mauricio Macri. Her and Isabel Martínez de Perón, are the only women to hold the office.

Michetti is member of the Republican Proposal "(PRO)" and Cambiemos "(Let's change)" coalition. She was Deputy Chief of Government in Buenos Aires from 2009 to 2013, working with then-Mayor Macri. He was Senator for Buenos Aires since 2013 to 2016.

She is great-grandniece of former President of Argentina, Dr. Arturo Umberto Illia.

Parker Solar Probe

Parker Solar Probe is a NASA robotic space probe heading towards the outer corona of the Sun. It will reach to within 8.86 solar radii (6.2 million kilometers or 3.85 million miles) from the "surface" of the Sun and is currently the fastest spacecraft ever built and will travel, at closest approach, as fast as .

It was launched on August 12, 2018. This was the first time a NASA spacecraft was named after a living person, honoring physicist Eugene Parker.

A memory card having the names of over 1.1 million people was mounted on a plaque and installed below the spacecraft’s high-gain antenna on May 18, 2018.

The card also contains photos of Parker, professor emeritus at the University of Chicago, and a copy of his 1958 scientific paper.

Because of how close the probe will be to the Sun, it will experience very high temperatures. To make sure that the probe is not damaged by the hot environment, engineers had to design a special shield to protect the sensitive components on the probe. The shield is made up of five layers. The outermost layer is a white ceramic layer which reflects away the Sun's rays. By reflecting the rays away, it prevents the shield from heating up too much. The second layer is a barrier layer which connects the ceramic layer to the middle layer. The middle layer is a carbon-carbon sheet which is very light and strong. This helps keep the shield in one piece. The fourth layer is a carbon foam which is very light and does not conduct heat well. This again helps with keeping the temperature low. The fifth and final layer is a second carbon sheet which makes the entire shield rigid enough for spaceflight.

Since the probe was launched from a rocket, it was very important to minimize its weight. If it was too heavy, the rocket would not be able to launch it far enough to complete its mission. Because of the well engineered materials in the shield, the entire shield only weighs 73 kg. That is about the same weight as an average adult human.

Eugene Parker

Eugene Newman Parker (June 10, 1927 – March 15, 2022) was an American solar astrophysicist. In the mid-1950s—developed the theory of the supersonic solar wind and predicted the Parker spiral shape of the solar magnetic field in the outer solar system. 

In 1987, Parker proposed that the solar corona might be heated by myriad tiny "nanoflares" (similar to solar flares) that would happen all over the surface of the Sun.

Parker spent four years at the University of Utah and has been at the University of Chicago since 1955. Parker was elected to the National Academy of Sciences in 1967.

In 2017, NASA renamed its "Solar Probe Plus" to "Parker Solar Probe" in his honor, marking the first time NASA had named a spacecraft after a living person. 

In 2018, the American Physical Society awarded him the Medal for Exceptional Achievement in Research.

Parker died on March 15, 2022 from problems caused by Parkinson's disease at a retirement home in Hyde Park, Chicago, Illinois at the age of 94.

Houghton, Michigan

Houghton () is a city in the U.S. state of Michigan's Upper Peninsula and largest city in the Copper Country on the Keweenaw Peninsula. As of the 2020 census, the city population was 8,386. It is the county seat of Houghton County.

Huntington Woods, Michigan

Huntington Woods is a suburb of Detroit. It is in southeastern Oakland County, Michigan. The population was 6,388 at the 2020 census.

The western part of the Detroit Zoo is in Huntington Woods. In 2013, Huntington Woods was ranked the #10 best suburb to live in by Market Watch.

Milford, Michigan

Milford is a village in Oakland County in the U.S. state of Michigan. The population was 6,520 at the 2020 census.

Houghton Lake, Michigan

Houghton Lake is an unincorporated community in Roscommon Township, Roscommon County in the U.S. state of Michigan. The Census Bureau called the settlement a census-designated place (CDP). The population was 5,294 at the 2020 census.

Upper Peninsula of Michigan

The Upper Peninsula (UP), also known as Upper Michigan, is the northern of the two major peninsulas that make up the U.S. state of Michigan. The peninsula is north by Lake Superior, on the east by the St. Marys River, on the southeast by Lake Michigan and Lake Huron, and on the southwest by Wisconsin.

The Upper Peninsula has 29% of the land area of Michigan but just 3% of its total population. Residents are frequently called "Yoopers".

The peninsula's largest cities are Marquette, Sault Ste. Marie, Escanaba, Menominee, Houghton, and Iron Mountain.

Maple syrup is a highly prized local delicacy.

Cath Kidston Limited

Cath Kidston Limited was registered with Companies House, on 3 April 1993. In 2009, the company's profits jumped more than 60 percent from £2.9million to £4.6million. Sales rose to £31.3m, compared with £19.3m the year before. This was partly due to new store openings. She sold most of her shares in the company in 2010. She sold them to private equity investors called TA Associates. She kept some shares. She is the company's Creative Director.

Kidston has worked with Milletts to design tents (2005-6). She designed mobile phones for Nokia and the Carphone Warehouse in 2006. She worked with Roberts to design radios, from 2005 onwards. In 2008 she worked with Tesco to produce shopping bags made from plastic bottles. The bags were sold to raise money for Marie Curie Cancer Care. They raised almost £500000. The bags saved about 6000000 plastic bottles from being used as landfill.

Sault Ste. Marie, Michigan

Sault Ste. Marie is a city in, and the county seat of, Chippewa County in the U.S. state of Michigan. It is near the northeastern end of Michigan's Upper Peninsula. The population was 13,337 at the 2020 census.

Escanaba, Michigan

Escanaba ( ) is a port city in Delta County in the U.S. state of Michigan. It is located on Little Bay de Noc in the state's Upper Peninsula. The population was 12,450 at the 2020 census. It is the seat of government of Delta County.

Iron Mountain, Michigan

Iron Mountain is a city in the U.S. state of Michigan. The population was 7,518 at the 2020 census. It is the county seat of Dickinson County. It is in the state's Upper Peninsula. Iron Mountain was named for the valuable iron ore found in the area.

Richard L. Hanna

Richard Louis Hanna (January 25, 1951 – March 15, 2020) was an American politician. He was a U.S. Representative from New York from 2011 to 2017. He was known for being the second Republican U.S. Representative to support same-sex marriage in the United States.

Hanna was known for his bipartisanship. He was against Obamacare and the Patriot Act. Hanna supported Equal Rights Amendment, abortion and supported female Democratic candidates.

In December 2015, Hanna announced he would not run for re-election in the 2016 election citing his retirement due to family issues.

On August 2, 2016, Hanna became the first sitting Republican member of Congress to say that he would vote for Hillary Clinton for President over Donald Trump in the 2016 presidential election.

Hanna died on March 15, 2020 under hospice care in New Hartford, New York of cancer, aged 69.


Saugerties, New York

Saugerties () is a town in Ulster County, New York, United States. The population was 19,038 at the 2020 census. Part of the town is inside Catskill Park.

Chief Keef

Keith Farrelle Cozart (born August 15, 1995), better known by his stage name Chief Keef, is an American rapper, singer, songwriter, and record producer. He was born in South Side, Chicago and raised in Washington Park. Keef's music first became popular among high school students from Chicago's South Side during his teen years in the early 2010s. 

In 2012, Keef's popular street single "I Don't Like" was remixed by rapper Kanye West, reaching the "Billboard" Top 10. His debut album "Finally Rich" was released in December 2012, and featured the successful singles "I Don't Like" and "Love Sosa".

Logic (rapper)

Sir Robert Bryson Hall II (born January 22, 1990), known by his professional name Logic, is an American rapper and record producer. He has released seven studio albums and received two Grammy Award nominations.

He was born in Rockville, Maryland, to a black father and a white mother. and raised in Gaithersburg.

Logic began his musical career in early 2009 releasing "Logic: The Mixtape" and a mixtape titled "Young, Broke & Infamous" in 2010. He signed with Visionary Music Group, before releasing three more mixtapes over three years.

His fourth mixtape, "" (2013), made him very popular. He later released his first studio album "Under Pressure" in October 2014. It debuted at number four on the U.S. "Billboard" 200. Logic's second studio album "The Incredible True Story" was released in November 2015. It received mostly positive reviews from critics.

Logic's third studio album "Everybody" (2017) was his first to debut at number one in the U.S on the Billboard 200. In the album, Logic released his most popular song, "1-800-273-8255", which reached number three on the "Billboard" Hot 100. 

In 2018, Logic along with Sam Smith released a version of Smith's single "Pray".

Gaithersburg, Maryland

Gaithersburg, officially the City of Gaithersburg, is a city in Montgomery County, Maryland. At the time of the 2020 U.S. Census, Gaithersburg had a population of 69,657. It is the third largest incorporated city in the state, behind Baltimore and Frederick. Gaithersburg was incorporated as a town in 1878 and as a city in 1968.

Diplo

Thomas Wesley Pentz (born November 10, 1978), better known by his stage name Diplo, is an American disc jockey and record producer. He is the co-creator and lead member of the electronic dancehall music project Major Lazer. He is known for his works with the disc jockey Skrillex.

Diplo founded and manages record company Mad Decent, as well as co-founding the non-profit organization Heaps Decent. He has worked as a school teacher in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. 

His 2013 EP, "Revolution", debuted at number 68 on the US "Billboard" 200. The EP’s title track was later featured in a commercial for Hyundai and is featured on the "WWE 2K16" soundtrack.

On February 24, 2016, Diplo supported Bernie Sanders as the Democratic presidential nominee. Sanders' ad "It's A Revolution" is soundtracked by Diplo's 2013 track "Revolution".

Tansu Çiller

Tansu Çiller (born 24 May 1946) is a Turkish economist and politician. She was the 22nd Prime Minister of Turkey from 1993 to 1996. 

Çiller is Turkey's first and only female prime minister. She was the leader of the True Path Party. She was the Deputy Prime Minister of Turkey and Minister of Foreign Affairs from 1996 to 1997.

Bülent Ecevit

Mustafa Bülent Ecevit (28 May 1925 – 5 November 2006) was a Turkish politician, poet, writer, scholar, and journalist. He served as the Prime Minister of Turkey four times between 1974 and 2002. He served as prime minister of Turkey in 1974, 1977, 1978–79, and 1999–2002. He was the leader of the Republican People's Party (CHP) between 1972 and 1980, and in 1989 he became the leader of the Democratic Left Party (DSP).

He was born in Istanbul to a middle-class family. Ecevit's father Fahri Ecevit was a professor in Ankara University. His mother, Fatma Nazlı, was among the first women in Turkey to paint professionally. Ecevit said his mother was of Bosniak ancestry and his paternal grandfather was of Kurdish ancestry. He was married to political writer and politician Rahşan Ecevit.

Mutare

Mutare is the fourth largest city in Zimbabwe. It is the capital city of Machinaland Province and has about 190,000 people.

Mbale

Mbale is a city in eastern Uganda. It is the municipal capital of Mbale District and also its administrative city.

Geoffrey Bwalya Mwamba

Geoffrey Bwalya Mwamba (born 15 March 1959) is a Zambian politician. He is the Vice President of the United Party For National Development (UPND).

Prime Minister of Turkey

The Prime Minister of the Republic of Turkey (Turkish: "Türkiye Cumhuriyeti Başbakanı") was the head of government of the Republic of Turkey from 1920 to 2018. 

The prime minister was the leader of a political coalition in the Turkish parliament (Meclis) and the leader of the cabinet. 

The last holder of the position is Binali Yıldırım who took office on 24 May 2016. The vote to transform the nation to a presidential system in the constitutional referendum of 2017 means the office was removed after the general election of 2018.

List of prime ministers of Turkey


Ahmet Davutoğlu

Ahmet Davutoğlu (; born 26 February 1959) is a Turkish politician. He was the Prime Minister of Turkey and leader of the Justice and Development Party (AKP) from August 2014 to May 2016. 

Davutoğlu was Minister of Foreign Affairs from 2009 to 2014. He was elected as an AKP Member of Parliament for Konya in 2011 and was re-elected as an MP in 2015. He resigned as Prime Minister on 22 May 2016.

Mesut Yılmaz

Ahmet Mesut Yılmaz (6 November 1947 – 30 October 2020) a Turkish politician. He was the leader of the Motherland Party from 1991 to 2002.

Three times, he was the Prime Minister of Turkey. His first two terms lasted just months (in 1991 and 1996), while the third ran from June 1997 to January 1999.

Yılmaz died on 30 October 2020 from lung cancer at a hospital in Istanbul at the age of 72.


Necmettin Erbakan

Necmettin Erbakan (29 October 1926 – 27 February 2011) was a Turkish politician. He was the Prime Minister of Turkey from 1996 to 1997. He was forced by the military to step down as prime minister and was later banned from politics.

Erbakan was the founder and leader of several prominent Islamic political parties in Turkey from the 1960s to the 2010s. The famous one were the National Order Party (MNP), the National Salvation Party (MSP), the Welfare Party (RP), the Virtue Party (FP), and the Felicity Party (SP).

Lay Me Down (Sam Smith song)

"Lay Me Down" is a song by English singer Sam Smith. The song was the lead single from Smith's first studio album "In the Lonely Hour" (2014). The song was released in the United Kingdom on 15 February 2013. It was written by Smith, Jimmy Napes and Elviin and produced by Napes and Steve Fitzmaurice.

The song was re-released in February 2015 as the sixth single from the album. This time reaching number 8 on the US "Billboard" Hot 100 and number 15 on the UK Singles Chart. A third version featuring John Legend was recorded for the British charity telethon Comic Relief. It reached number one in the United Kingdom in March 2015.

Pietermaritzburg

Pietermaritzburg is a city in KwaZulu-Natal, South Africa. It is the capital of the province and the second largest in terms of size, after Durban.

Money on My Mind

"Money on My Mind" is a song by English singer Sam Smith. It is the second single from his debut studio album, "In the Lonely Hour" (2014). The song was released in Italy on 27 December 2013. It was later released in the UK on 12 February 2014 and in Germany on 16 February 2014.

The song was released with mixed reviews.

Stay with Me (Sam Smith song)

"Stay with Me" is a song by English singer Sam Smith. The song was released through his debut studio album "In the Lonely Hour" (2014). It was released in the United States on 14 April 2014 and in the United Kingdom on 18 May 2014. 

"Stay with Me" is a gospel-inspired ballad. The song was written by Smith, James Napier, and William Phillips. 

Tom Petty and Jeff Lynne receiving co-writer credits due to the song's similarity to Petty's single "I Won't Back Down".

Latch (song)

"Latch" is a song by English garage house duo Disclosure by English singer Sam Smith. It was released as a digital download on 8 October 2012. It was the lead single from their debut studio album, "Settle" (2013). It was on the UK Singles Chart at number 26 and has peaked at number 11. 

Too Good at Goodbyes

"Too Good at Goodbyes" is a song by English singer Sam Smith. It was written by James Napier, Tor Hermansen, Mikkel Eriksen and Smith, and produced by Napes, Steve Fitzmaurice and StarGate. 

It was released on 8 September 2017 through Capitol Records. It was the lead single from his second studio album, "The Thrill of It All" (2017).

The song reached number one in the UK and number four on the "Billboard" Hot 100.

The Thrill of It All (Sam Smith album)

The Thrill of It All is the second studio album by English singer and songwriter Sam Smith. It was released on 3 November 2017 through Capitol Records.

"Too Good at Goodbyes" was released as the album's lead single on 8 September 2017. It topped the UK Singles Chart and made the top five on the US "Billboard" Hot 100.

Pray (Sam Smith song)

"Pray" is a song by English singer-songwriter Sam Smith. It was written by Smith, Larrance Dopson, Darryl Pearson,
Timbaland, Jose Valasquez and Jimmy Napes. The song was released on 6 October 2017 through Capitol Records. It was a promotional single from Smith's second studio album, "The Thrill of It All" (2017). 

A new version of the song featuring American rapper Logic was released as the third single from "The Thrill of It All" on 29 March 2018.

Willie Brown (politician)

Willie Lewis Brown Jr. (born March 20, 1934) is an American politician. He is a member of the Democratic Party. Brown was in the California State Assembly for thirty years, spending 15 years as its speaker and later as the 41st mayor of San Francisco.

Brown was the first African American Mayor of San Francisco. 

"The San Francisco Chronicle" called Brown "one of San Francisco's most famous mayors" who had "celebrity beyond the city's boundaries."

Sylvester Turner

Sylvester Turner (born September 27, 1954) is an American politician. He was the 62nd Mayor of Houston, Texas from 2016 to 2024. He is a member of the Democratic Party. Turner was a member of the Texas House of Representatives from 1989 until 2016. Turner ran for mayor of Houston in 1991, losing in the runoff election to Bob Lanier.

Turner won the 2015 election, defeating Bill King in the runoff by 4,082 votes out of 212,696 votes cast in the closest mayoral election in Houston history by percentage.

Jim Hood

James Matthew Hood (born May 15, 1962) is an American lawyer. He was the 39th Attorney General of Mississippi. He is a Democrat. He was elected in 2003 and left office in 2020. 

He was the Democratic nominee for Governor of Mississippi in 2019. He lost the election to Tate Reeves.

London Breed

London Nicole Breed (born August 11, 1974) is an American politician. She is the 45th and current Mayor of the City and County of San Francisco. She used to be supervisor for District 5, and was president of the Board of Supervisors from 2015 to 2018.

Breed was raised in San Francisco by her grandmother, Comelia Brown. Along with her grandmother, she lived with her siblings in public housing. In an interview, London talks about remembering being a little girl in her unsafe community. She clearly remembers seeing glass all over the street floors and graffiti on all of the walls. London was a very smart young girl, she loved school and all of her teachers knew she had a bright future ahead of her. In her teen years, Breed attended Galileo High School and soon after, the University of California. 

In 2012, Breed was elected to the San Francisco Board of Supervisors. She became the president of this board. Breed became "acting" mayor after the death of Mayor Ed Lee. She served in this role from December 12, 2017 to January 23, 2018. She won the special election for mayor a few months. Her main opponents in the election were Mark Leno and Jane Kim. Breed was the first black woman and second woman to be elected mayor of San Francisco. She was sworn in as mayor on July 11, 2018.

Frank Jordan

Francis Michael Jordan (born February 20, 1935) is an American politician. He is a former mayor of San Francisco serving from 1992 to 1996.

Megan Barry

Megan Christine Barry (née Mueller; born September 22, 1963) is an American businesswoman and politician. Barry was the seventh mayor of the city government of Nashville and Davidson County, its first female mayor. She was mayor from 2015 until March 6, 2018.

In 2018, Barry resigned after pleading guilty to felony theft related to an affair with a city employee who had was the head of her security detail. Barry is a member of the Democratic Party.

David Briley

Clifton David Briley (born January 8, 1964) is an American politician. He was the mayor of the Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson County. He was elected in 2015 as vice-mayor and was sworn in as acting mayor after Megan Barry's resignation on March 6, 2018. 

Briley won the May 24 special election with 55%. He is the first native of both Nashville and Tennessee since Bill Boner in 1991 to be mayor.

November 2016 UK Independence Party leadership election

The November 2016 UK Independence Party leadership election was held on 28 November 2016. UKIP members voted for who they want to lead the party. Paul Nuttall easily won the election after receiving 63% of the vote.

The election was called for after Diane James resigned as UKIP leader.


These candidates left the race before the election.


Sam Massell

Samuel A. Massell Jr. (August 26, 1927 – March 13, 2022) was an American businessman and politician. From 1970 to 1974, he was the 53rd Mayor of Atlanta, Georgia. He is the first Jewish mayor in the city's history.

He died on March 13, 2022, at the age of 94.


William B. Hartsfield

William Berry Hartsfield, Sr. (March 1, 1890 – February 22, 1971), was an American politician. H was the 49th and 51st Mayor of Atlanta, Georgia. His term ran from 1937 to 1941 and again from 1942 to 1962, making him the longest-serving mayor of his native Atlanta, Georgia.


Keisha Lance Bottoms

Keisha Lance Bottoms (born January 18, 1970) is an American politician and lawyer. She was the 60th Mayor of Atlanta, Georgia from 2018 until 2022.

She was elected as mayor in 2017, after receiving the most votes in the runoff election (50.4%).

In June 2020, Bottoms became one of the final four finalists for Joe Biden's running mate for the 2020 election.

In July 2020, she was diagnosed with COVID-19 despite not having any symptoms.

On May 6, 2021, Bottoms announced that she would not seek reelection as mayor of Atlanta in the 2021 election.

In June 2022, it was announced that President Joe Biden had picked Bottoms to replace Cedric Richmond as the Director of the Office of Public Liaison.

Wesley C. Uhlman

Wesley Carl Uhlman (born March 23, 1935) is an American politician. He was the 47th mayor of Seattle, Washington from 1970 to 1978.


Jenny Durkan

Jenny Anne Durkan (born May 19, 1958) is an American politician. She was elected Mayor of Seattle in 2017, becoming its first female mayor since the 1920s and the city's second openly LGBT elected mayor.

Durkan was the United States Attorney for the Western District of Washington, appointed by President Barack Obama, from October 2009 through September 2014.

Maurice Ferré

Maurice A. Ferré (June 23, 1935 – September 19, 2019) was an American politician. He was a six-term Mayor of Miami, from 1973 through 1985. Ferré was the first Puerto Rican-born United States mayor and the first Hispanic Mayor of Miami.

He was an unsuccessful candidate in the 2010 elections for the U.S. Senate seat for Florida vacated by Mel Martínez for the Democratic primary.

Ferré died on September 19, 2019 at a Miami hospital from spinal cancer at the age of 84.

Tomás Pedro Regalado

Tomás Pedro Regalado y Valdez (born May 24, 1947) is a Cuban-American politician and former broadcast journalist. He was the 42nd Mayor of Miami, Florida from 2009 to 2017. He is a member of the Republican Party, although as Miami Mayor, his office is nonpartisan.


Xavier Suárez

Xavier Louis Suárez (born May 21, 1949) is an American politician. He was the first Cuban-born Mayor of Miami. He is currently a Miami-Dade county commissioner. Suárez was first elected Mayor in 1985. He was re-elected in 1987 and again in 1989 for a four-year term. Suarez was highly popular as Mayor of Miami.

He became known in the 1990s for refusing to accept Nelson Mandela in Miami due to Mandela's support of Fidel Castro.

His son, Francis X. Suarez is Mayor of the City of Miami.

Francis Suarez

Francis Xavier Suarez (; born October 6, 1977) is an American attorney and politician. He is the 43rd and current Mayor of Miami. He was elected on November 7, 2017 with 86 percent of the vote. He was re-elected in 2021. Suarez is the first Miami-born mayor. He is a Republican. Suarez is the son of former Miami Mayor Xavier Suarez.

Saurez was seen as a possible candidate for U.S. President or running mate choice in the 2024 presidential election following the 2020 election. He briefly ran for president in the 2024 election.

Suarez was born in Miami, Florida. His father, Xavier Suarez, was also mayor of Miami. He graduated from Florida International University (FIU) with a bachelor's degree in finance. He later studied law at the University of Florida.

Suarez was first elected as City of Miami Commissioner for District 4 in 2009. Suarez made it to the runoff election against Manolo Reyes. The runoff election was on November 17, 2009 and Suarez won with 51.41%. He was reelected unopposed in 2011 and 2015.

Suarez was elected mayor in 2017 with 85% of the vote.

In February 2019, he wrote an article with former Secretary-General of the United Nations Ban Ki-moon about how Miami is defending itself from the effects of climate change. Suarez has been known for his support for cryptocurrency, and takes his mayoral salary in Bitcoin.

In June 2020, he was elected by American mayors to serve as the Second Vice President of the United States Conference of Mayors and in June 2021, he was elected as the first vice president of the organization. From June 2022 to June 2023, he was the president of the US Conference of Mayors.

During the 2018 gubernatorial election, Suarez voted against Republican nominee and eventual winner Ron DeSantis and instead voted for his Democratic opponent Andrew Gillum. He did vote for DeSantis in the 2022 gubernatorial election. Suarez did not vote for President Donald Trump in the 2020 election.

Suarez was re-elected in 2021, winning over 78% of the vote in the first ballot.

In April 2021, Suarez was seen as a possible candidate for either President of the United States or Vice President of the United States in the 2024 election Suarez filed to run for president with the Federal Election Commission on June 14, 2023. The campaign ended on August 29, 2023 after Suarez failed to qualify for the first debate.

Suarez is married to Gloria Font and they have two children. His aunt, Lala, is the mother of U.S. Congressman Alex Mooney from West Virginia.

In March 2020, Suarez was infected with COVID-19.


Jacob Frey

Jacob Frey ( ; born July 23, 1981) is an American politician. He is the mayor of Minneapolis, Minnesota. He is a member of the Minnesota Democratic-Farmer-Labor Party. He was elected to the Minneapolis City Council in 2013, representing the Third Ward.

Hatfield, Hertfordshire

Hatfield is a fairly large town and civil parish in Hertfordshire, England. It is in the borough of Welwyn Hatfield. It had a population of 39,201 at the 2011 Census.
Hatfield is of Saxon origin. Hatfield House, home of the Marquess of Salisbury, is the most important country house. Aircraft were built from the 1930s when de Havilland opened a factory until the 1990s when British Aerospace closed it. Aircraft design and manufacture employed more people there than any other industry. Hatfield was one of the post-war New Towns built around London. It has modernist architecture from the period. The University of Hertfordshire is based there.
Hatfield is 20 miles (30 kilometres) north of London beside the A1(M) motorway and has direct trains to London King's Cross station, Finsbury Park and Moorgate. Commuters who work in London have moved into the area.

Albert Hofstede

Albert "Al" J. Hofstede (September 25, 1940 – September 3, 2016) was an American politician. He was, in two non-consecutive terms, the mayor of Minneapolis, Minnesota, both times representing the Minnesota Democratic-Farmer-Labor Party.

His first term, as the 41st mayor, began on January 1, 1974, and ended on December 31, 1975, after he lost for reelection by independent Charles Stenvig. In 1977 Hofstede beat Stenvig to win another term (the 43rd), which ended on December 31, 1979.

Frank G. Jackson

Frank George Jackson (born October 4, 1946) is an American attorney and politician. He was the 57th Mayor of Cleveland, Ohio from 2006 until 2022. He was first elected on November 8, 2005 and re-elected in 2009, 2013, and 2017. He was the longest serving mayor in Cleveland history.

John B. Nelson

John B. Nelson (born January 12, 1936) is an American Republican politician. He is a former city councilman of Phoenix, Arizona former member of the Arizona House of Representatives and a current member of the Arizona Senate. From March 17, 1994 to March 28, 1994 he was Mayor of Phoenix.


Greg Stanton

Gregory John Stanton (born March 8, 1970) is an American politician. He is the member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Arizona's 9th district since January 3, 2019.

He was Mayor of Phoenix. He won the November 8, 2011 runoff election to replace mayor Phil Gordon. 

Stanton was sworn in as 59th Mayor of Phoenix in January 2012 and resigned on May 29, 2018 in order to run for U.S. Congress.

Tom Barrett (politician)

Thomas Mark Barrett (born December 8, 1953) is an American politician. Barrett is the United States Ambassador to Luxembourg since 2022. He is a member of the Democratic Party. He was the 44th Mayor of Milwaukee, Wisconsin from 2004 until 2021. He was a member of the United States House of Representatives from 1993 to 2003.

Barrett ran for Governor of Wisconsin in 2010, losing in the general election to Republican Scott Walker. Barrett ran for governor in the 2012 recall election and was defeated again by Walker. 

On August 25, 2021, President Joe Biden announced his plans to nominate Barrett to be the U.S. Ambassador to Luxembourg. His nomination was confirmed by the United States Senate on December 18, 2021.

Raheem Kassam

Raheem Kassam (born 1 August 1986 in Hammersmith, London, United Kingdom) is a British activist, author, and former editor-in-chief of Breitbart News London. Kassam was a candidate in the November 2016 UKIP leadership election, but dropped out of the race in October 2016.

Raheem Kassam was born on 1 August 1986 in Hammersmith, London, United Kingdom. His parents were from Tanzania. They were of Gujarati origin. He was raised a Ismaili Muslim, but stopped believing in the faith many years ago. He is now an atheist, and was influenced by Christopher Hitchens.

He studied politics at the University of Westminster in London.

He was a national board member of the Conservative Future youth-movement. He was director of a campus anti-extremism group called Student Rights. He was against the London School of Economics accepting money from Gaddafi's Libya. His idols are Michael Gove, Margaret Thatcher, and Barry Goldwater.

He worked at a Lehman Brothers call center, and later managed electoral campaigns in the UK and United States. He and others tried to create a British-version of the Tea Party movement. He and James Delingpole created Breitbart News London. Kassam left Breitbart in May 2018.

In 2016, he said that Donald Trump would be a better president than Hillary Clinton. Kassam joined Nigel Farage in meeting Trump after the presidential election.

In 2018, he claimed that London had become "a shithole" since the election of Sadiq Khan.

Kassam's campaign slogan was "Make UKIP Great Again." His activity online gave him negative attention. He viciously insulted multiple politicians, including First Minister of Scotland Nicola Sturgeon, UKIP leadership candidate Suzanne Evans, and Labour MP Angela Eagle. He called the Scottish National Party a "National Socialist party." He later apologised. He called for a referendum on the right of women in the UK to wear the niqāb, claimed that US presidential candidate Donald Trump does not hold anti-Muslim views, and questioned the claims of sexual assault made against Trump.

Jim Kenney

James Francis Kenney (born August 7, 1958) is an American politician. He was the 99th Mayor of Philadelphia from 2016 to 2024. He was elected on November 3, 2015.

Marty Walsh

Martin Joseph "Marty" Walsh (born April 10, 1967) is an American politician. Walsh was the 29th United States Secretary of Labor from March 23, 2021 to March 11, 2023. He was the 54th Mayor of Boston, Massachusetts from 2014 until 2021. He was a member of the Massachusetts House of Representatives from 1997 until 2014 and representing the Thirteenth Suffolk district.

On January 7, 2021 then President-elect Joe Biden nominated Walsh to be United States Secretary of Labor under his administration. The nomination was confirmed by the United States Senate on March 22, 2021, by a vote of 68–29.

On February 7, 2023, it was reported that Walsh would leave the Biden Cabinet to become head of the NHLPA, the NHL players' union.

Raymond Flynn

Raymond Leo Flynn (born July 22, 1939), known as Ray Flynn, is an American politician. He served as 52nd Mayor of Boston, Massachusetts from 1984 until 1993. He was later appointed United States Ambassador to the Holy See (1993–1997) by President Bill Clinton.

Ted Wheeler

Edward Tevis Wheeler (born August 31, 1962) is an American politician. He is the current mayor of Portland, Oregon. He was Oregon State Treasurer. He was appointed on March 9, 2010, to replace Ben Westlund, who died in office. He is a member of the Democratic Party.

Thomas D'Alesandro III

Thomas Ludwig John D'Alesandro III (July 24, 1929 – October 20, 2019) was an American attorney and politician. He was Mayor of Baltimore, Maryland from 1967 to 1971.

He was the brother of Speaker of the U.S. House of Representatives Nancy Pelosi, and son of former Baltimore Mayor Thomas D'Alesandro Jr., who served from 1947 to 1959.

D'Alesandro III died at his home in Baltimore from stroke-related problems on October 20, 2019 at the age of 90.

Catherine E. Pugh

Catherine Elizabeth Pugh (born March 10, 1950) is an American Democratic politician. She is the 50th mayor of Baltimore, Maryland serving from 2016 to 2019. She is Baltimore's third consecutive female mayor.

In April 2019, Pugh announced she was taking a leave of absence to recover from pneumonia. The announcement came at the same time when a scandal over a "self-dealing" book-sales arrangement of Pugh's books in exchange for contracts with the city were made public. On May 2, 2019, Pugh resigned as Mayor of Baltimore amid the book scandal.

On February 27, 2020, Pugh was sentenced to 3 years in prison to be followed by 3 years of probation.

Kenneth A. Gibson

Kenneth Allen Gibson (May 15, 1932 – March 29, 2019) was an American Democratic Party politician. He was elected in 1970 as the 34th Mayor of Newark, New Jersey. He was the first African American elected mayor of any major Northeastern United States city. He served from 1970 to 1986.

Gibson died on March 29, 2019 in Newark, New Jersey at the age of 86.

Ras Baraka

Ras Jua Baraka (born April 9, 1970) is an American politician. He is the 40th and current Mayor of Newark, New Jersey. He was a member of the Municipal Council of Newark.

His father was poet Amiri Baraka.

Somnath Chatterjee

Somnath Chatterjee (25 July 1929 – 13 August 2018) was an Indian politician. He was a member of the Communist Party of India (Marxist) for most of his life. He was the Speaker of the Lok Sabha (House of the People) from 2004 to 2009.

Chatterjee died on 13 August 2018 from a heart attack in a private hospital in Kolkata, aged 89.

Mousa Dembele

Mousa Dembele (born 16 July 1987) is a Belgian former professional football player. He was a winger. He made over 400 league appearances over an 18-year career.

AZ

Tottenham Hotspur

Belgium


Shivraj Patil

Shivraj Vishwanath Patil (born 12 October 1935) is an Indian politician. He was the Governor of the state of Punjab and Administrator of the Union Territory of Chandigarh from 2010 to 2015. He was the Speaker of the 11th Lok Sabha from 1991 to 1996.

Norristown, Pennsylvania

Norristown is a borough in and the county seat of Montgomery County, Pennsylvania, United States. It is along the Schuylkill River about six miles from Philadelphia. Norristown's population was 35,748 at the 2020 U.S. Census.

Jabalpur

Jabalpur or Jubbulpore is a city in the Indian state of Madhya Pradesh. It is close to the Nerbudda river. Jabalpur is one of the largest cities in the state of Madhya Pradesh. It is located at a major road - rail junction and is also a military headquarters.

Mmusi Maimane

Mmusi Aloysias Maimane (born 6 June 1980) is a South African politician. He is a former member of parliament and the previously leader of the official opposition, the Democratic Alliance (DA). Maimane was born on 6 June 1980 in the Leratong Hospital in Krugersdorp.

Maimane stepped down as DA leader and leader of the opposition in parliament in October 2019. John Steenhuisen was elected to both positions. 

Shaun Abrahams

Shaun Abrahams is a South African lawyer and head of the National Prosecuting Authority (NPA). He was appointed to the position by president Jacob Zuma in 2015. On 13th August 2018, a South African Constitutional Court found the appointment by Zuma as invalid.

Yajurveda

The Yajurveda (Sanskrit: यजुर्वेद, ', from ' meaning "prose mantra" and "veda" meaning "knowledge") is one of the four Vedas, and one of the scriptures of Hinduism. Others are Rigveda, Samaveda, and Atharva Veda.

Uterine fibroid

A uterine fibroid is a tumor that is not cancer. It is a benign tumor. This kind of tumor grows in the muscle of the uterus, or womb. Fibroids often do not grow very large and do not always need to be treated. This kind of tumor often gets smaller after menopause. But sometimes fibroids cause heavy bleeding or pain. In this case, a physician may treat it.

Moise Katumbi

Moïse Katumbi Chapwe (; born 28 December 1964) is a Congolese politician who served as Governor of Katanga Province from 2007 to 2015. He was one of the contenders to succeeded by Joseph Kabila in the run up to the 2018 election but he was barred from returning and entering the country to file in his nomination for the presidency. In December 2021, Moïse Katumbi officially launched his political party in view of the 2023 presidential election.

Jean-Pierre Bemba

Jean-Pierre Bemba (born 4 November 1962) is a Congolese politician and member of parliament. He served as Vice President of Democratic Republic of Congo from 2003 - 2006 and is running for the president to succeeded by Joseph Kabila in the December 2018 elections.

Fediverse

The fediverse is many social media and internet software that can talk with each other. Federated social media allow people on different social media to like, follow, and comment on each other's profiles.

Similar to e-mail, the fediverse is not owned by one person or company. Any person or company can make social media instances on the fediverse. And similar to email, these instances can connect and talk with each other.

For example, Mastodon gGmbH has the fediverse instance “mastodon.social”, and Gmail has the email address “gmail.com”. A person on “mastodon.social” has the fediverse identity “@ username @mastodon.social”, and a person on “gmail.com” has the email address “ username @gmail.com”. But a “gmail.com” user can send an email to someone who uses a different email provider, like “hotmail.com”. Similarly, a “mastodon.social” user can comment on a post by someone who uses a different fediverse instance, like “mozilla.social”.

Different fediverse software have different kinds of content. Some are for images, while others are for videos. Fediverse software have multiple instances. Some fediverse software, like Mastodon, have hundreds of instances that can connect with each other. Usually, people can use federated social media software by opening one of the software's instances in their web browser (Google Chrome, Firefox, Edge...), by using phone apps, or by using a web app.

Senanga

Senanga is a town in Western Province, Zambia. It is on the banks of the Zambezi River. About 72,000 people live there.

Chaumot

Chaumot is the name of the two communes in France:

Blacy

Blacy is the name of the two communes in France:

Cerdon

Cerdon is the name of two communes in France:

Boissey

Boissey may refer to several communes in France:


Saint-Éloi

Saint-Éloi (French for Saint Eligius) may refer to:


Coker, Alabama

Coker is a town in Tuscaloosa County, Alabama, United States. It was incorporated in 1999. At the 2020 census, the population was 904. It is part of the Tuscaloosa Metropolitan Statistical Area.

Coker is located at (33.246283, -87.679221).

According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the town has a total area of , all land.

Lubumbashi

Lubumbashi is the second largest city of the Democratic Republic of the Congo. It is the capital of Katanga Province. It is named for a small river.

Masera

Masera is a "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Verbano-Cusio-Ossola in the Italian region Piedmont.

Masera is about northeast of Turin and about northwest of Verbania. As of 31 December 2004, it had a population of 1,483 and has an area of .

Masera borders the following municipalities: Crevoladossola, Domodossola, Druogno, Montecrestese, Santa Maria Maggiore, Trontano.

Goma

Goma is a city in the Democratic Republic of Congo. It is the capital of the North Kivu province.

It is located on the northern shore of Lake Kivu, next to the Rwandan city of Gisenyi.

Globish

Globish is an attempt at creating a subset of the English language for use as the international language for commerce. It has 1500 words, simple grammar rules, no humor, and no Anglo-cultural references. It was inspired by Charles Kay Ogden's BE 850. It has a word base based on real observation of non-natives' conversations in English.

The selection of 1500 words is slightly different from the VOA Special English and the SPOTLIGHT Specialized English word choices, but still quite similar. There is however a different list from a Japanese website on Globish. And the Globish Text Scanner allows some 500 more words.


Wes Wise

Wes Wise (born 1929) is an American politician and sports journalist. He was born in Shreveport, Louisiana. He was, from 1971 to 1976, a three-term Mayor of Dallas, Texas.

During his two terms as mayor of Dallas, Wise guided Dallas from under the cloud of the assassination and at the same time saved the Texas School Book Depository from imminent destruction, preserving it for further research into the president's murder.

Adlene Harrison

Adlene Harrison (November 19, 1923 – February 19, 2022) was an American politician. She was born in Dallas, Texas. Harrison was acting Mayor of Dallas in 1976. She was the city's first Jewish mayor, and its first female mayor. 

Harrison, a Democratic city councilwoman since 1973, replaced Wes Wise as mayor when he resigned to run for the United States Congress. She served until the election of a new mayor, Robert Folsom, at the end of the year.

Harrison died on February 19, 2022 in Dallas at the age of 98.

Mike Rawlings

Michael Scott Rawlings (born August 25, 1954) is an American businessman and politician. He was the 61st Mayor of Dallas. He is a member of the Democratic Party. He won the 2011 election. He was re-elected in 2015.

Rawlings was CEO of Pizza Hut from 1997 to 2002 and was also a former chief executive of the Tracy-Locke ad agency.

Luke Ravenstahl

Luke Robert Ravenstahl (born February 6, 1980) is an American politician. He was the 59th Mayor of Pittsburgh from 2006 until 2014. A Democrat, he became the youngest mayor in Pittsburgh's history in September 2006 at the age of 26. He was among the youngest mayors of a major city in American history.


Thomas J. Murphy Jr.

Thomas J. "Tom" Murphy Jr. (born August 15, 1944) is an American politician. He was a Democratic politician from Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. He was in state government in two terms, from 1979 to 1982 representing the 17th district, and from 1983 to 1993 representing the 20th district. 

From January 1994 until January 2006 he served as Mayor of Pittsburgh.

Bill Peduto

William Mark Peduto (born October 30, 1964) is an American politician. He was the 60th Mayor of Pittsburgh. He is a member of the Democratic Party. Before being mayor, he was a member of the Pittsburgh City Council from 2002 until 2014.

In the 2013 election, Peduto won the mayoral election by winning 84% of the vote. After being elected Mayor to succeed the outgoing Luke Ravenstahl, Peduto was inaugurated in January 2014. In the 2017 election, he was re-elected to a second term as Mayor, winning 96% of the vote.

Polokwane

Polokwane is a city in South Africa. It is the capital of Limpopo Province and has about 130,000 people.

Mahikeng

Mahikeng is a South African city. It is the capital of North West Province and has a population of about 250,000 people.

Thembisa

Thembisa is a township in Johannesburg, South Africa. It was founded in 1957 to accommodate black South Africans during Apartheid. It has about 19,000 people.

Mamelodi

Mamelodi is a black township in South Africa. It was formed by the South African Apartheid government to resettle black South Africans. It has a population of about 300,000 people.

Jim Neidhart

James Henry Neidhart (February 8, 1955 – August 13, 2018) was an American professional wrestler. He was best known for his appearances in the 1980s and 1990s in the World Wrestling Federation as Jim "The Anvil" Neidhart. Under this ring name, he was a two-time WWF Tag Team Champion with Bret Hart in The Hart Foundation. He was a main wrestler for WWF events including, Survivor Series 1989 and In Your House 16: Canadian Stampede.

Neidhart was born in Tampa, Florida. He and his wife, Elizabeth Hart (daughter of Stu Hart), had three children. The couple's daughter, Natalie, is a professional wrestler with the ring name "Natalya" and is signed with WWE.

On August 13, 2018, Neidhart died of a head injury after falling due to a possible seizure at his home in Land O' Lakes, Florida. He was 63. At the time of his death, he had early on-set Alzheimer's disease.

Caelestiventus

Caelestiventus is an early pterosaur. It is important because it is 65 million years older than any other known desert-dwelling pterosaur. Also, it shows that the earliest pterosaurs were morphologically and ecologically varied. The Dimorphodontidae originated in the Triassic period.

Jean-Michel Liade Gnonka

Jean-Michel Liade Gnonka (born July 20, 1980 in Ouagadougou) is a former Burkinabé football player. He played for 18 years and was part of the squads which took part in the African Cup of Nations tournaments of 1998, 2000, and 2004.

Sonic &amp; Sega All-Stars Racing

Sonic And Sega All Stars Racing is a video game made by Sumo Digital and published by Sega. The game was released on February 23, 2010 in North America. The game was released in Europe on February 26, 2010, except the United Kingdom. The game is available on PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, PC, and Wii. It was not released in the United Kingdom for unknown reasons. A Nintendo DS version was planned, but was cancelled for unknown reasons. The Wii version can be played on the Wii U.. 

Ben Idrissa Dermé

Ben Idrissa Dermé (21 January 1982 – 11 September 2016) was a Burkinabé football player.

He was born in Abra, Dermé played club football in Burkina Faso, Moldova, and France for Étoile Filante, Sheriff Tiraspol, US Ouagadougou, USC Corte, CA Bastia, ÉF Bastia and AJ Biguglia.

He earned three caps for the Burkina Faso national team between 2006 and 2010.

Dermé died on 11 September 2016 following a heart attack during a 2016–17 Coupe de France match, aged 34.

Zéphyrin Toé

Zéphyrin Toé (30 December 1928 − 25 November 2013) was a Burkinabé Roman Catholic bishop.

Toé was ordained to the priesthood on 6 April 1958, he was named bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Nouna, Burkina Faso on 5 July 1973, and was later named bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Dédougou, Burkina Faso on 14 April 2000 and retired on 14 June 2005.

Toé died on 25 November 2013 at the age of 84.

Patricia Benoit

Patricia Eloise Benoit (February 21, 1927 – August 6, 2018) was an American actress and movie director. She was known for playing the role of Wally Cox's wife in the 1954 TV series, "Mister Peepers". In 2012, she became known for her directorial work on "Stones in the Sun".

Benoit died on August 6, 2018 in Port Chester, New York at the age of 91.

Port Chester, New York

Port Chester is a village in Westchester County, New York, United States. The village is part of the town of Rye. As of the 2020 census, it had a population of 31,693.

Meadows Place, Texas

Meadows Place is a city located in Fort Bend County in the U.S. state of Texas. It is within the metropolitan area. As of the 2020 U.S. Census, the city population was 4,767.

Borger, Texas

Borger is the largest city in Hutchinson County, Texas, United States. The population was 12,551 at the 2020 census. Borger is named for businessman Asa Philip "Ace" Borger.

Pleasantville, New York

Pleasantville is a village in the town of Mount Pleasant, in Westchester County, New York. The village population was 7,513 at the 2020 census.

Land O' Lakes, Florida

Land O' Lakes is a census-designated place (CDP) in Pasco County, Florida, United States. Land O' Lakes is part of the Tampa-St. Petersburg-Clearwater, Florida metropolitan area. As of the 2020 census, the CDP population was 35,929.

Kazimiera Utrata

Kazimiera Utrata (5 July 1932 – 12 August 2018) was a Polish actress. 

She had appeared in 49 movies and television shows from 1959 until her retirement in 2017. She was known for her roles in "A Woman's Decision" (1975) and in "Ballada o Januszku" (1988).

Utrata died on 12 August 2018 in Warsaw from congestive heart failure, aged 86.

Balram Das Tandon

Balram Das Tandon (1 November 1927 – 14 August 2018) was an Indian politician. He was the Governor of Chhattisgarh from 2014 until his death in 2018. He was a leader of Bharatiya Janata Party from Punjab.

Tandon died on 14 August 2018 in Raipur, Chhattisgarh from bronchopneumonia, aged 90. 

Stu Hart

Stewart Edward Hart, (May 3, 1915 – October 16, 2003) was a Canadian football player, amateur wrestler, sailor, professional wrestler, wrestling booker, promoter, coach, philanthropist and trainer. Hart was known for his large wrestling family as many of his children and grandchildren would become famous wrestlers and for training many well known wrestlers.

Hart has been called the one of the most important and influencial person in wrestling history.

Hart was born to a poor family in Saskatoon, Saskatchewan. He was in the Royal Canadian Navy (RCN) during World War II. He began wrestling while serving in the RCN. In 1947, he married Helen Louise Smith.

In 1947, Hart began his professional wrestling career in New York. He would begin his career with Stampede Wrestling in 1967 until 1984.

Hart was best known for founding and handling Stampede Wrestling. He taught many wrestlers through his "The Dungeon" and created a pro-wrestling dynasty. He was the father of Bret and Owen Hart as well as the grandfather of Natalya and David Hart Smith.

Many people see Hart as the most important and respected wrestlers of all time.

Hart was a trainer as well who trained Chris Jericho, Edge, Christian, Mark Henry, Chris Benoit, Abdullah the Butcher, Smith Hart, Bret Hart, Owen Hart, Brian Pillman, Jesse Ventura, Davey Boy Smith, David Hart Smith, Dynamite Kid, Gorilla Monsoon, Jim Neidhart, Junkyard Dog, Ken Shamrock, Lance Storm, Mark Henry, Natalya, Nikolai Volkoff, Roddy Piper and Tyson Kidd.

Hart retired in the 1990s after suffering a severe leg injury. Until his retirement, he would be a commentator or trainer in his final years.

Hart had twelve children. They were: Smith Hart, Bruce Hart, Keith Hart, Wayne Hart, Dean Hart, Bret Hart, Ross Hart, Diana Hart and Owen Hart.

Wrestler Jim Neidhart was his son-in-law and Natalya was his granddaughter. Roddy Piper claimed to have been a cousin to Hart, and Hart's children thought of Piper of a close friend to the family.

In 2003, Hart suffered from multiple cases of pneumonia until suffering a stroke on October 15, 2003. He died the next day in Calgary, Alberta, aged 88. His remains were cremated.

In 2001, Hart was awarded the Order of Canada for his charity work and in 2010, was added into the WWE Hall of Fame.


Santa Clara County, California

Santa Clara County is a county in the San Francisco Bay Area in the state of California, United States. As of the 2020 census, the population was 1,936,259. It is the sixth largest county in California by population. The county seat and largest city is San Jose. Santa Clara County's population in 2020 was larger than the population of thirteen U.S. states and of the District of Columbia.

It overlaps with the Santa Clara Valley and Silicon Valley.

Beto O'Rourke

Robert Francis "Beto" O'Rourke (; born September 26, 1972) is an American politician and businessman. He was the U.S. Representative for Texas's 16th congressional district from 2013 to 2019. He was elected to congress in 2012. He ran for President of the United States in 2020. O'Rourke unsuccessfully ran for Governor of Texas in the 2022 election.

O'Rourke was the Democratic nominee in the 2018 Texas Senate race, challenging Republican incumbent Ted Cruz. He lost the general election to Cruz.

After the 2018 election, O'Rourke had been seen as a possible candidate for President of the United States in the upcoming 2020 presidential election. Other analysts have seen O'Rourke as the Democratic vice presidential candidate.

On March 13, 2019, O'Rourke announced his candidacy for the Democratic nomination for President. He ended his bid on November 1, 2019. In November 2021, he said that he would run for Governor of Texas in the 2022 election.

O'Rourke was born on September 26, 1972 in El Paso, Texas, to Pat Francis O'Rourke and his second wife Melissa Martha O'Rourke (née Williams). He has Irish and Welsh ancestry. His family gave him the nickname in infancy "Beto", a common Spanish nickname for first names ending in "-berto".

O'Rourke studied at Columbia University, where he graduated in 1995. During his college years, he formed a band Band.

On May 19, 1995, O'Rourke and his friends sneaked under the fence at the University of Texas at El Paso (UTEP) physical plant, and were arrested by the UTEP police for burglary. He stayed in jail overnight and posted bail the following day. He was initially charged with burglary, but UTEP decided not to press charges. O'Rourke was arrested for drunk driving after a car crash on September 27, 1998. The charges were dismissed in October 1999 after he completed a court-recommended DWI program.

In mid-2005, O'Rourke ran for the El Paso City Council on a platform of downtown development and border reform. O'Rourke defeated two-term incumbent City Councilman Anthony Cobos 57 percent to 43 percent. O'Rourke is one of the youngest representatives ever to have served on the City Council. In 2007, he won re-election to a second term, defeating Trini Acevedo 70 percent to 30 percent. During his first term, he supported a plan to convert a depressed area of El Paso into a business district, including an arena, major retailers, and an arts walk. In January 2009, O'Rourke sponsored a resolution calling for "comprehensive examination" of the War on Drugs and "the repeal of ineffective marijuana laws".

In 2012, O'Rourke filed for the Democratic primary against the eight-term Silvestre Reyes to represent Texas's 16th congressional district. The primary was seen as the real contest in the Democratic, Latino-majority district. O'Rourke won 50.5 percent of the vote. He defeated his Republican opponent, Barbara Carrasco, in the general election with 65 percent of the vote.

As a Congressman, he held at least one town hall meeting every month. In March 2013, O'Rourke and Republican Steve Pearce of New Mexico introduced the Border Enforcement Accountability, Oversight, and Community Engagement Act. In November 2014, O'Rourke was against Barack Obama's deferred action policy that used an executive action to bypass Congress in order to spare approximately 5 million undocumented immigrants from deportation, saying "the motive is noble, but the means are really hard to stomach."

O'Rourke endorsed Hillary Clinton for President, being one of the last Democratic congressmen to support her during the primary. As a sitting member of Congress, O'Rourke was a superdelegate to the Democratic National Convention.

On March 31, 2017, O'Rourke formally announced his candidacy for the United States Senate seat held by incumbent Republican Ted Cruz. In March 2018, O'Rourke became the Democratic Party nominee, winning 61.8 percent of the primary vote. O'Rourke campaigned in all of Texas's 254 counties, sometimes drawing large crowds and sometimes speaking to as few as 15 or 20 people.

His campaign employed the use of mass text messages. According to the 2018 third-quarter report from the FEC, his campaign spent 7.3 million on digital advertising alone (in contrast with Cruz's $251,000).

He posted to social media daily, including Instagram, Twitter, and Facebook, and livestreamed his activities traveling the state, such as skateboarding in a Whataburger parking lot, washing clothes at a laundromat, and "blockwalking" in his constituents' neighborhoods.

On November 6, 2018, Ted Cruz defeated O'Rourke. Cruz won 51 percent of the vote, compared to 48 percent for O'Rourke.

In late 2018, speculation began that O'Rourke might run in the United States presidential election in 2020. On March 14, 2019, O'Rourke launched his campaign. He ended his campaign on November 1, 2019.

On November 15, 2021 O'Rourke announced that he is running for Governor of Texas in the 2022 election against Greg Abbott. He won the Democratic nomination on March 1, 2022. He was defeated in the gubernatorial election. 

O'Rourke married Amy Hoover Sanders in 2005. The couple and their three children live in El Paso's Sunset Heights area.


Monterey County, California

Monterey County is a county located on the Pacific coast of the U.S. state of California. As of the 2020 census, the population was 439,035. The county seat and largest city is Salinas.

Eldridge, Alabama

Eldridge is a town in the U.S. state of Alabama.

Sipsey, Alabama

Sipsey is a town in the U.S. state of Alabama.

Carouge

Carouge is a municipality in the canton of Geneva, Switzerland.

The municipality is located south of the Rhône and Arve rivers.


Iowa County

Iowa County is the name of two counties in the United States:

Grayson County

Grayson County is the name of three counties in the United States:

Jimmy Morales

Jimmy Morales (born James Ernesto Morales Cabrera; 18 March 1969) is a Guatemalan politician. He served as President of Guatemala from January 2016 to January 2020.


Kiowa County

Kiowa County is the name of three counties in the United States:

Franklin County, Maine

Franklin County is a county in the state of Maine, in the United States. As of the 2020 census, the population was 29,456, making it the second-least populous county in Maine. The county seat is Farmington. The county was founded on May 9, 1838 and named for Benjamin Franklin.

Alberta, Alabama

Alberta is an unincorporated community in Wilcox County, Alabama, United States.

Collinsville, Alabama

Collinsville is a town in DeKalb and Cherokee counties in the U.S. state of Alabama. It was incorporated in 1887. As of the 2020 census, the population was 2,059.


Chittagong University

The University of Chittagong (Chittagong University, , CU in short) is a public university in Hathazari Upazila, Chittagong District, Bangladesh. This university has a campus of . It is ranked 2nd among the universities in Bangladesh by Webometrics Ranking of World Universities.

Chittagong University was founded on 3 December 1965 by Fazlul Qadir Chaudhry in Chittagong City. It has around 22,000 students and 750 faculty members.

Jostaberry

The jostaberry ("Ribes × nidigrolaria") is a type of fruit plant in the genus "Ribes". This type of bush has three original species, the black currant "R. nigrum", the North American coastal black gooseberry "R. divaricatum", and the European gooseberry "R. uva-crispa".

Rómulo Betancourt

Rómulo Ernesto Betancourt Bello (22 February 1908 – 28 September 1981), known as "The Father of Venezuelan Democracy", was the 47th and 54th President of Venezuela, serving from 1945 to 1948 and again from 1959 to 1964, as well as leader of Acción Democrática, Venezuela's dominant political party in the 20th century.

Betancourt, one of Venezuela's most important political figures, led a tumultuous and highly controversial career in Latin American politics. Periods of exile brought Betancourt in contact with various Latin American countries as well as the United States, securing his legacy as one of the most prominent international leaders to emerge from 20th-century Latin America. Scholars credit Betancourt as the Founding Father of modern democratic Venezuela.

Dagmar Havlová

Dagmar Havlová (born Dagmar Veškrnová on 22 March 1953 in Brno, Czechoslovakia) is a Czech actress. She married Václav Havel, then Czech President, on 4 January 1997. She has one daughter, Nina Veškrnová (born 1976), from a previous marriage to Radvít Novák (1975–1980). on 22 March 1953 in Brno. She graduated from the Brno Conservatory in 1971. In 1975, she graduated with the title of "Magister artis" (equivalent to Master of Fine Arts) from the Janáček Academy of Musical Arts.


Jack Lengyel

Jack Robert Lengyel (born 1935) is an American software executive and former football coach, lacrosse coach, and college athletics administrator. Lengyel was born in Akron, Ohio.

Lengyel was the head football coach at the College of Wooster from 1966 to 1970 and at Marshall University from 1971 until 1974, having a college football record of 33–54. 

At Marshall, he took over the Thundering Herd football program after the Southern Airways Flight 932 plane crash that killed nearly the entire team in 1970. 

Lengyel was the athletic director at California State University, Fresno from 1983 to 1986, at the University of Missouri from 1986 to 1988, and at the United States Naval Academy from 1988 to 2001. 

He was the interim athletic director at Temple University in 2002, at Eastern Kentucky University from 2002 to 2003, and at the University of Colorado Boulder from 2004 to 2005.

In the 2006 movie "We Are Marshall", is based on the Marshall plane crash and Marshall's 1971 team where he is played by Matthew McConaughey.


Eduard Uspensky

Eduard Nikolayevich Uspensky (; 22 December 1937 — 14 August 2018) was a Russian author and screenwriter. He wrote many children's books. He was born in Yegoryevsk, Soviet Union.

Among his most beloved characters are a serious but adventurous boy known as Uncle Fyodor from "Uncle Fyodor, His Dog and His Cat". He also wrote screenplays, his best known ones were "Gena the Crocodile" and "Plasticine Crow".

Uspensky died in Moscow on 14 August 2018 from liver cancer, aged 80.


The Joy of Painting

The Joy of Painting is an American half-hour television show hosted by painter Bob Ross. It ran from January 11, 1983 until May 17, 1994. In each episode, Ross taught viewers of how to draw landscapes through oil painting, completing a painting in each session. During its run, it won three Emmy Awards.

In 2015, full episodes of "The Joy of Painting" were added to the official Bob Ross YouTube channel.

In June 2016, Netflix added 1991-92 episodes of "The Joy of Painting" under the title "Beauty is Everywhere".

Ned Lamont

Edward Miner Lamont Jr. (born January 3, 1954) is an American businessman and politician. He is the 89th and current Governor of Connecticut. Before being elected governor, he was a political science professor at Central Connecticut State University.

In 2006, he beat incumbent United States Senator Joe Lieberman in Connecticut's Democratic primary election. However, in the general election, Lamont and Republican candidate Alan Schlesinger lost to Lieberman, who then ran as an independent candidate.

In 2010, he ran for the Democratic nomination for Governor of Connecticut, and lost to Dannel Malloy. He was the Democratic nominee for Governor in 2018. He defeated Republican Bob Stefanowski in November 2018.

Mandirajakulon

Mandirajakulon is a village in Mandiraja, Banjarnegara, Central Java, Indonesia.

Mandirajawetan

Mandirajawetan is a village in Mandiraja, Banjarnegara, Central Java, Indonesia.

Banjengan

Banjengan is a village in Mandiraja, Banjarnegara, Central Java, Indonesia.

Kebakalan

Kebakalan is a village in Mandiraja, Banjarnegara District, Central Java Province, Indonesia.

Panggisari

Panggisari is a village in Mandiraja, Banjarnegara, Central Java, Indonesia.

Candiwulan

Candiwulan is a village in the Kebumen District, Kebumen, Central Java, Indonesia.

Walt Maddox

Walter Thomas Maddox (born December 27, 1972) is an American politician. He is the 36th and current Mayor of Tuscaloosa, Alabama since 2005. From 2001 to present, he was on the Tuscaloosa City Council and was executive director of personnel for Tuscaloosa City Schools. Maddox was a field director for the Alabama Education Association from 1996 to 2001.

In 2005 he successfully ran for Mayor of Tuscaloosa and has been re-elected three times. Maddox was the 2018 Democratic nominee for Governor of Alabama.

Kertayasa

Kertayasa is a village in Mandiraja, Banjarnegara, Central Java, Indonesia.

Purwasaba

Purwasaba is a village in Mandiraja, Banjarnegara Regency, Central Java, Indonesia.

Glempang

Glempang is a village in Mandiraja, Banjarnegara, Central Java, Indonesia.

Kebanaran

Kebanaran is a village in Mandiraja, Banjarnegara, Central Java, Indonesia.

Salamerta

Salamerta is a village in Mandiraja, Banjarnegara, Central Java, Indonesia.

Kaliwungu, Kendal

Kaliwungu is a sub-district in Kendal Regency , Central Java Province , Indonesia . This sub-district is directly adjacent to Semarang , precisely to the west of Semarang City, Indonesia .

Somawangi

Somawangi is a village in Mandiraja, Banjarnegara, Central Java, Indonesia.

Jalatunda

Jalatunda is a village in Mandiraja, Banjarnegara, Central Java, Indonesia.

Blimbing

Blimbling is a village in Mandiraja, Banjarnegara Regency, Central Java Province Indonesia.

Simbang

Simbang is a village in Mandiraja, Banjarnegara, Central Java, Indonesia.

Mark Begich

Mark Peter Begich (; born March 30, 1962) is an American politician. He was a United States Senator from Alaska from 2009 to 2015. He is a member of the Democratic Party. He was Mayor of Anchorage from 2003 to 2009.

Begich is the son of former U.S. Representative Nick Begich Sr.. In the 2008 Senate election, Begich beat Senator Ted Stevens, at the time, the longest-serving Republican member of the Senate.

In the 2014 Senate election, Begich lost his bid for reelection by former Alaska Attorney General Dan Sullivan. 

Begich was the Democratic candidate for Governor in the 2018 election, but was defeated by Republican Mike J. Dunleavy.

Ray Tenorio

Raymond Stanley Tenorio (born February 8, 1965) is a Guamanian Republican politician and former police officer of the Guam Police Department. He was the 9th Lieutenant Governor of Guam from 2011 to 2019.

Tenorio was a Senator in the Legislature of Guam from January 2003 until January 2011. He took office as the 9th Lieutenant Governor of Guam on January 3, 2011. He won the gubernatorial election in November 2010 with Governor Eddie Calvo and was once again re-elected under the same ticket in the gubernatorial election in 2014.

Tenorio was the Republican candidate for Governor in the 2018 election, but lost the general election to Democrat Lou Leon Guerrero.

Andria Tupola

Andria Tupola (born December 6, 1980) is an American politician and a Republican member of the Honolulu City Council since 2021. She was a member of the Hawaii House of Representatives from 2014 until 2018.

In 2015, she served as the minority floor leader for one year. She currently serves as the Minority Leader making her the first Samoan woman to serve in that position. 

Tupola was the Republican nominee for Governor of Hawaii in 2018.


Brad Little

Brad Little (born February 15, 1954) is an American politician. Little is a member of the Republican Party. He is the 33rd and current Governor of Idaho since 2019. Little was the 42nd Lieutenant Governor of Idaho from 2009 to 2019. 

Little was appointed by Governor Butch Otter to replaced Jim Risch as Lieutenant Governor, who resigned to become a United States Senator.

Little was the Republican nominee for Governor in the 2018 gubernatorial election. He defeated Democrat Paulette Jordan in the general election.

Paulette Jordan

Paulette Jordan (born December 7, 1979) is an American politician. She is in the Idaho House of Representatives as a member of the Democratic Party from December 1, 2014 until February 14, 2018. 

Jordan was on the Coeur d’Alene Tribal Council. During her final term she was the only Democrat serving in the Idaho Legislature from North Idaho. She was the Democratic nominee for Governor of Idaho in the 2018 election against Lieutenant Governor Brad Little. She lost the general election to Little in November 2018.

On February 7, 2020, she announced a run for the United States Senate against incumbent Senator Jim Risch.

Greg Gianforte

Gregory Richard Gianforte (born April 17, 1961) is an American businessman, engineer, politician, and author. He is the 25th Governor of Montana since 2021. He was the U.S. Representative for Montana's at-large congressional district from 2017 to 2021.

Gianforte and his wife founded RightNow Technologies, a customer relationship management software company.

In 2016, he ran for Governor of Montana for the Republican Party, losing to Democratic incumbent Steve Bullock.

On May 25, 2017, he won a special election for Montana's at-large congressional seat, defeating Democratic opponent Rob Quist.

In 2020, he was elected Governor of Montana.

On June 12, 2017, Gianforte pleaded guilty in court on a charge of misdemeanor assault stemming from his May 24 attack on "The Guardian" political reporter Ben Jacobs. He was sentenced to 40 hours of community service, 20 hours of anger management, a 180-day deferred sentence, and a $300 fine along with an $85 court fee.

As of 2018, he was among the richest members of Congress.

In April 2021, Gianforte was diagnosed with COVID-19.

Laura Kelly

Laura Kelly (born January 24, 1950) is a Democratic politician. Kelly is the 48th and current Governor of Kansas since 2019. She was a member of the Kansas Senate, representing the 18th District from 2005 to 2019. She was the Senate Minority Whip. 

Kelly was the Democratic nominee for Governor of Kansas in the 2018 election cycle. She beat Kris Kobach in the general election.

Janet T. Mills

Janet Trafton Mills (born December 30, 1947) is an American politician. She is the 75th and current Governor of Maine. She is the first female Governor of Maine.

Before being elected governor, she is the Attorney General of Maine. She was first elected by the Maine State Legislature on January 6, 2009. Her second term began on January 3, 2015. She is the first woman to hold the position of State Attorney General in Maine.

Mills was born in Farmington, Maine. She studied at the University of Massachusetts Boston.

Mills was the Democratic nominee for Governor of Maine in the 2018 Maine gubernatorial election winning the general election against Republican Shawn Moody.

Bill Schuette

William Duncan Schuette ( ; born October 13, 1953) is an American politician and lawyer. He was the 53rd Attorney General of Michigan. He was the Republican nominee for Governor of Michigan in the 2018 gubernatorial election losing to Gretchen Whitmer.


Gretchen Whitmer

Gretchen Esther Whitmer (born August 23, 1971) is an American politician who is the 49th and current Governor of Michigan. She won the 2018 gubernatorial election.

Whitmer is a former Democratic member of the Michigan Senate and Senate Democratic Leader. Whitmer was a member of the Michigan House of Representatives from 2000 to 2006.

On January 3, 2017, Whitmer announced her plans to run for governor, making her among the first to announce. On August 7, 2018, she became the Democratic nominee in the 2018 gubernatorial election. She won the general election on November 6, 2018.

In 2020, she delivered the Democrats' response to President Trump's 2020 State of the Union Address.

Whitmer was considered as a choice for running mate for Joe Biden, the Democratic nominee for president, in his 2020 campaign for president.

Whitmer began her political career in 2001, when she was inaugurated to the Michigan House of Representatives. She served there until March 16, 2006. Five days later, she joined the Michigan Senate.

Whitmer was inaugurated to the Michigan Senate on March 21, 2006, five days after leaving the Michigan House. She would continue serving through 2014. She spent the last four years in the Michigan Senate as Minority Leader.

After the resignation of Stuart Dunnings III as the result of a scandal, Whitmer was unanimously chosen as his successor in the position of Prosecutor of Ingham County. She served their through the second half of 2016.

She was elected governor in 2018. She described herself as progressive, and has worked with progressive leaders in Michigan as governor.

On October 8, 2020, the FBI arrested 13 people for attempting to kidnap her and overthrow the state government. The suspects were tied to a far-right militia group called the Wolverine Watchmen.

Gretchen Esther Whitmer was born on August 23, 1971, in Lansing, Michigan, and grew up in Michigan.

Whitmer married Gary Shrewsbery, with whom she had two children, before their divorce. In 2011, she married dentist Marc Mallory, who had 3 sons in his previous marriage. The family currenty lives in East Lansing.

Tim Walz

Timothy James Walz (; born April 6, 1964) is an American politician. Waltz is a member of the Minnesota Democratic–Farmer–Labor Party (DFL). He is the 41st Governor of Minnesota.

He was a U.S. Representative for from 2007 to 2019.

In March 2017, Walz announced that he would not run for reelection to Congress. He ran for Governor of Minnesota and on August 14, 2018, he won the Democratic-Farmer-Labor Party nomination. He won the general election in November 2018.

Jeff Johnson

Jeff Johnson (born November 11, 1966) is an American politician. He was elected to the Minnesota House of Representatives in 2000 and from 2001 until 2007. He left office to run unsuccessfully for state attorney general in 2006.

Johnson is the Hennepin County commissioner for the 7th district, he was elected as the Republican National Committeeman from Minnesota in April 2011.

On May 10, 2017, Johnson announced that he would run again for Governor of Minnesota. On August 14, 2018, Johnson defeated former Governor Tim Pawlenty in the primary to become the party's nominee to challenge Democrat Tim Walz. He lost the general election to Walz in November 2018.

Steve Sisolak

Stephen F. Sisolak (born December 26, 1953) is an American businessman and politician. He is a member of the Democratic Party. He was the 30th Governor of Nevada from 2019 to 2023.

Before becoming Governor, he was a member of the Clark County Commission and was its Chair.

Sisolak was the Democratic nominee for Governor of Nevada in the 2018 election and faced Republican Adam Laxalt. In the general election, Sisolak defeated Laxalt by nearly 5%.

Sisolak lost his re-election campaign to Republican sheriff Joe Lombardo in November 2022.

Michelle Lujan Grisham

Michelle Lynn Lujan Grisham (; born October 24, 1959) is an American lawyer and politician. She is a member of the Democratic Party. Lujan Grisham is the 32nd and current Governor of New Mexico since January 1, 2019.

She was the U.S. Representative for from 2013 to 2018.

Lujan Grisham has announced her candidacy for Governor of New Mexico in the 2018 election. She won the Democratic nomination on June 5, 2018. She defeated Republican Steve Pearce in the general election.

Her uncle is former Republican Secretary of Housing and Urban Development and former U.S. Representative Manuel Lujan, Jr..

In 2019, a campaign staffer accused Lujan Grisham of sexual misconduct after she reportedly poured water on the staffer's pants and grabbed his penis-area. In 2021, she paid $62,500 to the staffer following a lawsuit.

Steve Pearce

Stevan Edward Pearce (born August 24, 1947) is an American businessman and politician. He was the U.S. Representative for from 2011 to 2019. He is a member of the Republican Party.

Pearce was the Republican nominee for Governor of New Mexico in the 2018 election. He lost general election to Michelle Lujan Grisham.

Drew Edmondson

William Andrew Edmondson (born October 12, 1946) is an American lawyer and politician. He is a member of the Democratic Party. Edmondson was the 16th Attorney General of Oklahoma from 1995 to 2011. 

In 2010, Edmondson ran and lost for Governor of Oklahoma. He was the Democratic nominee for Governor of Oklahoma in the 2018 gubernatorial election, but lost to Kevin Stitt.

Frank Keating

Francis Anthony "Frank" Keating II (born February 10, 1944) is an American attorney and politician. He was the 25th governor of Oklahoma from 1995 to 2003.

Keating is one of only four governors in Oklahoma history, in addition to George Nigh, Brad Henry and Mary Fallin, to hold consecutive terms and the first Republican to do so. 

Keating was governor during the Oklahoma City bombing.

Bleak House

Bleak House is a novel by Charles Dickens, 1852/3. It features the long-running legal case in the Court of Chancery, "Jarndyce and Jarndyce".

This novel helped support a judicial reform movement which led to legal reform in the 1870s.

Knute Buehler

Dr. Knute Carl Buehler (born August 1, 1964) is an American politician. He is in the Oregon House of Representatives, representing District 54 in Bend. 

Buehler was the Republican nominee for Governor of Oregon in the 2018 election. He lost to incumbent Governor Kate Brown.

Scott Wagner

Scott R. Wagner (born 1955) is an American businessman and politician. He represented the 28th district in the Pennsylvania State Senate. He was the Republican nominee for Governor of Pennsylvania in the 2018 election, but lost to incumbent Tom Wolf.

Allan Fung

Allan Wai-Ket Fung (born February 25, 1970) is an American attorney and politician. He was the mayor of Cranston, Rhode Island from 2009 to 2021. 

He was the Republican nominee for Governor of Rhode Island in the 2014 and 2018 election. He lost the gubernatorial race in Rhode Island during 2014 to Gina Raimondo.

In October 2017, Fung announced he would again run for governor in the 2018 election. He lost the general election again to Rainmondo.

In February 2022, Fung announced his candidacy for the Republican nomination for the United States House of Representatives in Rhode Island's 2nd congressional district after U.S. Representative James Langevin announced his retirement.

James E. Smith Jr.

James Emerson Smith Jr. (born September 9, 1967) is an American politician and businessman. He is a member of the South Carolina House of Representatives. Smith is also a combat veteran. He was first elected to the South Carolina House representing the 72nd district in 1996.

Smith endorsed Joe Biden in the 2008 United States presidential election. He was the Democratic nominee for Governor of South Carolina in 2018, but lost to incumbent Henry McMaster.


Kristi Noem

Kristi Lynn Noem (; née Arnold, November 30, 1971) is an American politician. Noem is the 33rd and current Governor of South Dakota since 2019. She was the U.S. Representative for from 2011 to 2019.

Noem is a member of the Republican Party. She was the Republican nominee for Governor of South Dakota in the 2018 gubernatorial election and won the election in November 2018 beating Billie Sutton.

In August 2013, conservative "Newsmax" magazine named Noem among the "25 most influential women in the GOP".

Billie Sutton

Billie Harmon Sutton (born March 16, 1984) is an American politician. He is the South Dakota Senate Minority Leader, and 2018 Democratic nominee for Governor of South Dakota.

In 2010, Sutton was elected to the South Dakota Senate, representing District 21.

In May 2017, Sutton announced his candidacy for Governor of South Dakota in 2018 at his family ranch in Burke, SD. He won the Democratic nomination, but lost the general election in November 2018 to Republican Kristi Noem by 2%.

Karl Dean

Karl Foster Dean (born September 20, 1955) is an American attorney and politician. He was the sixth mayor of the Metropolitan Government of Nashville and Davidson County, Tennessee. He was sworn in on September 21, 2007.

In 2017, Dean declared his candidacy for Governor of Tennessee in the 2018 election. In the first three months of the campaign, Dean raised $1.2 million and spent $200,000. He was the Democratic nominee after winning the primaries, but lost to Republican cattle rancher Bill Lee in the general election.

Bill Lee (Tennessee politician)

Bill Lee (born October 9, 1959) is an American businessman and politician. He is the 50th and current Governor of Tennessee.

He was the Republican nominee for Governor of Tennessee in the 2018 election.

Lee was the 7th Congressional District’s representative to the Tennessee Higher Education Commission. Lee had no active political positions while running for governor and was a cattle rancher.

Mark Gordon (politician)

Mark Gordon (born March 14, 1957) is an American politician. On January 7, 2019, he became the 33rd Governor of Wyoming. He was the treasurer of the U.S. state of Wyoming from 2012 to 2019. He is a Republican.

Gordon was appointed state treasurer by Governor Matt Mead on October 26, 2012.

In 2008, Gordon was an unsuccessful candidate in the Republican primary for the United States House of Representatives for the at-large seat now held by fellow Republican Cynthia Lummis.

Gordon ran for Governor in the 2018 election and won the general election.

Ron DeSantis

Ronald Dion DeSantis (born September 14, 1978) is an American politician and attorney serving as the 46th governor of Florida since 2019. As a member of the Republican Party, DeSantis served as a congressman from Florida's 6th congressional district from 2013 to 2018. He was a candidate for president of the United States in the 2024 election.

Ronald Dion DeSantis was born on September 14, 1978, in Jacksonville, Florida to Karen Rogers DeSantis and Ronald D. DeSantis Sr. 

During his childhood, DeSantis lived in Orlando for a short time before moving to Dunedin, Florida. At six years old, he had a sister named Christina DeSantis who was born in 1985. 

He was a member of the Little League team for 1991 Little League World Series in Williamsport, Pennsylvania. 

He attended schools and universities such as, Our Lady of Lourdes Catholic School, Dunedin High School, Yale University, and Harvard Law School. DeSantis also was Delta Kappa Epsilon fraternity. 

DeSantis volunteered and joined the U.S. Navy and was assigned to the Judge Advocates Generals Corps for the Naval Station Mayport and also worked for the Joint Task Force-Guantanamo, Guantanamo Bay Joint Detention Facility, and Naval Special Warfare Command as a military lieutenant. 

He was deployed to the Iraq War along with other colleague troops in 2007 and later returned to the United States in 2008. DeSantis served as a naval and military officer from 2004 until his honorable discharge in February 2010.

During his military career, DeSantis was awarded the Bronze Star Medal, the Navy and Marine Corps Commendation Medal, the Global War on Terrorism Service Medal, and the Iraq Campaign Medal.

DeSantis previously served as a congressman for Florida's 6th congressional district and he was the chairman of ten different committee agenda assignments for the 114th United States Congress. 

DeSantis served as a congressman for the state's congressional district for five years from 2013 until he resigned in September 2018.

In January 2018, He officially announced his candidacy for governor to succeed term-limited governor Rick Scott and had chosen Florida congresswoman Jeanette Nuñezas his running mate for lieutenant governor. In August 2018, DeSantis won the republican primary in the general election. 

In November 2018, DeSantis defeated Tallahassee mayor and democratic candidate Andrew Gillum in the gubernatorial race. He was officially sworn in as the 46th governor of Florida on January 8, 2019. 

As governor, DeSantis did not support taking many of the measures to slow the spread of COVID-19, such as face-mask mandates, stay-at-home orders, and vaccination requirements. In May 2021, DeSantis signed into law a bill that banned businesses, schools, cruise ships, and government entities from requiring proof of vaccination. He passed the controversial Parental Rights in Education Act, with opponents labeling it as the "Don't Say Gay Bill," which banned schools from talking about sexual orientation and gender identity, specifically with elementary aged children. As a result, the The Walt Disney Company had criticized DeSantis and the two have been in a political, legal and business feud.

In November 2021, DeSantis launched his reelection campaign to a second term as governor. 

On November 8, 2022, he defeated former Florida governor and Democratic candidate Charlie Crist to a second term as governor with Jeanette Nuñez as his running mate in the 2022 election.

Before he announced his candidacy many people speculated that Ron DeSantis would run for President of the United States in the 2024 election, although he initially denied any intention of doing so. 

After the 2022 midterm elections, when DeSantis was reelected governor by almost 20 percentage points, some thought it might increase his chances of running for president because the candidates that DeSantis supported won their elections whereas the ones supported by Trump lost. In addition in April 2023 polls showed DeSantis performing better than former President Donald Trump in battleground states. 

On May 18, 2023 it was then reported that DeSantis would announce his presidential camapaign the following week. He officially announced his candidacy on May 24.

After coming in a distant second place finish in the Iowa caucuses, DeSantis ended his campaign on January 21, 2024 and endorsed former President Donald Trump.

DeSantis had met Casey Black at Naval Station Mayport when he was a naval officer and they got married in September 2009, at Disney World. They have three children together, two daughters named Madison and Mamie DeSantis, and a son named Mason DeSantis. 

DeSantis had a younger sister named Christina Marie DeSantis, but she died in May 2015 at the age of 30 in London, United Kingdom.


Tebet, South Jakarta

Tebet is a subdistrict of South Jakarta, one of the administrative cities which form the Capital Region of Jakarta, Indonesia. It is home to SMA Negeri 8 in Jakarta.

Livingstone (name)

Livingstone is a surname and given name. The pronunciation of the name is [ liv-ing-st"uh"n ]. The surname is toponymic. It is one of the habitual surnames eventually adopted by members of the Scottish branch of the Irish Dunleavy (Gaelic language Duinnshléibhe)/MacNulty royals, including the ancestors of the African missionary doctor and African explorer David Livingstone. There may be a relationship between the Livingstones and Clan MacLea. This is a unique name (not in the top 1000 newborn names in the US in 2021).





Livingstone (disambiguation)

Livingstone is a Scottish surname and a given name.

Livingstone may also refer to:



Altair

Altair, also called α Aquilae, α Aql, is the brightest star in the constellation of Aquila.

It is the twelfth brightest star in the night sky. It is in the G-cloud—a fog of gas and dust known as an interstellar cloud. Altair is an A-type main sequence star with an apparent visual magnitude of 0.77. It is one of the vertices of the Summer Triangle (the other two vertices are Deneb and Vega). It is 16.7 light-years (5.13 parsecs) from the Sun and is one of the closest stars visible to the naked eye.

Altair spins rapidly, with a velocity at its equator of about 286 km/s. This is a significant fraction of the star's estimated breakup speed of 400 km/s. A study with the Palomar Testbed Interferometer showed that Altair is not spherical, but is flattened at the poles due to its high rate of rotation. Other interferometric studies with multiple telescopes, operating in the infrared, have confirmed this.

Naval Air Station Glenview

The Naval Air Station Glenview (NASG) was a military air base in Glenview, Illinois.

The base began as Curtiss Reynolds Wright Airport in 1929. The Curtiss Flying Service bought farmland in the Glenview region and opened the airfield as an alternative to Chicago's Municipal Airport. But the Great Depression, which started just nine days after the airfield was dedicated, reduced the need for another regular airport for Chicago. During the Depression, the main source of income for the airport was air shows. However, in the late 1930s, there were also some commercial routes to and from the airfield.

In the 1930s, the airfield was used as a training center for military airmen. In 1937, the U.S. Navy moved to the airbase. ("Although the airport managed to survive . . . the Great Depression, the navy's decision to relocate the Great Lakes aviation program to Glenview likely saved Curtiss Airfield." ) The United States Naval Reserve Aviation Base (NRAB) was the name given to the training unit. On November 1, 1939, the base was notified that the Department of the navy had approved a lease on the airport. When the United States joined World War Two, activity increased at the base. It became a major training base for training pilots water-related flying. This included training for aircraft carrier-based flights.

After the war, the base reduced its activities. In 1950, though, marines and naval personnel from the base were called up to fight in the Korean War. Later in the 1950s, and in the later decades, the base hosted various community events such as national model-airplane contests In 1963, the Seabees became based there. In 1971, the base was officially annexed by the village of Glenview.

During the Vietnam War, military activity at the base increased. This included serving as the receiving base of wounded personnel who were being taken to Great Lakes Naval Hospital for treatment.

In the 1980s, the base population grew. Military units present at the base included the u. S. Coast Guard's search and rescue unit for southern Lake Michigan.

In 1991, personnel from NASG took part in Operation Desert Storm. But the end of the base had already been established years before, by the Base Realignment and Closure Commission, in 1988. In 1993, the last NASG air show was performed before 70,000 viewers. In August 1994, the last KC-130 flight out of the airfield left for NAS Carswell, Fort Worth, Texas.

After the air station was closed, most of the facilities were torn down, and the area was converted to civilian use, including a prairie nature area, upscale housing, and a shopping district (Glen Town Center)centered around the old Hangar One, which was preserved and incorporated into a shopping mall, in a part of Glenview now called The Glen. The small, associated Navy Park and the rededicated hangar were opened in 2003. The old hangar is on the National Register of Historic Places.



