Bruno Luigi D'Ambrosio

Bruno Luigi D'Ambrosio, (born in 9 September 1948 in Salerno (Italy), is an italian writer and businessman, who lives in Florida

His father was Pompeo D'Ambrosio, who took him to Caracas (Venezuela) at the age of 5, which is why he had dual Italian and Venezuelan nationality until he was 21 years old. Since then he is an Italian resident in the USA.

Bruno grew up studying between Caracas and Modena (Italy) where he did the Scientific High School, graduating later from the University of Genoa "summa cum laude" in "Economic Geography".

At the age of 22 he was in charge -by order of his father and his uncle Mino- of the youth section of the fans of the Venezuelan football team Deportivo Italia. (In 2001, the "International Federation of Soccer History and Statistics of FIFA" judged Deportivo Italia as the best Venezuelan soccer team of the 20th century)

After graduating he began to write when he was vice-director of the magazine "Incontri", a publication belonging to the Scalabrinian Fathers of the Catholic Church of Venezuela and written in Italian for the Italian-Venezuelan community.

He worked in the late 1970s at Saprolate-Tranarg as manager of contracts and was one of the main promotors -in a harsh way- of a single railway line in Venezuela from Maracaibo to Caracas and Ciudad Bolivar (against the tentative of corrupted latifundists of doing many railway lines -as happened years later with president Chavez- and that now are blocked facing lack of money and bankruptcy). Thanks to the "fight" of him and other managers, actually the only line created in Venezuela is the Caracas-Cua, that he promoted

After getting his MBA, Bruno Luigi D'Ambrosio founded his own company (named "Financiaria D'Ambrosio" or "Findam") in Caracas, specializing in financial advice to invest capital in various nations around the world.

Currently (2023) he lives in retirement in Boca Raton (Florida), where he continues to write and publish. He is also a promoter of the local Italian community, receiving the title of "Knight of Columbus".

In 1980 he published for the "University of Genoa" "Italian Emigration to Venezuela", his first investigative paper (in Italian and Spanish).

In subsequent years he wrote:

1- "Influence of the Spanish language on the English of the United States" (in Spanish, Italian and English)

2- "The neolatin genius of Nicola Tesla" (in English)

3- "Roman client state in Denmark" (in English)

4- "Romans in Azania/Raphta (current Tanzania)" (in English)

5- "Italian schools in Asmar"a (in English)

6- "The truth about the 1933 UFO in Italy" (in Italian, Spanish and English)

7- "1943 Biscari massacre" (in Italian and English)

8- "Lissa: the perfect ethnic cleansing of the autochthonous italian community" (in Italian and English)

9- "Colonie genovesi in medieval Romania" (in Italian)

10-"Planned italian attacks on 1943 New York" (in English)

11- "Vlachs in Venetian Dalmatia" (in Italian and English)

12- "Roman commerce with Ceylon & beyond" (in English)

13- "Italian military tradition" (in Italian and English)

14- "Genetic history of ethnic Italians" (in Italian, Spanish and English)

15- "Concessions of Italy in China" (in English and Spanish)

Additionally he has written some essays, that have been published in websites like "Military History" (e.g.:D'Ambrosio, Bruno. "Forts & Concessions of Italy in China" (M. H.).



Für Danzig

Für Danzig ("For Danzig") was the anthem of the Free City of Danzig (which is now the city of Gdańsk in Poland) when it existed from 1920 to 1939. The lyrics author is Paul Enderling and the music composer is Georg Göhler.

Płyniesz Olzo po dolinie

"Płyniesz Olzo po dolinie" ("You Flow, Olza, Down the Valley") is a Polish poem by Jan Kubisz. It is the unofficial anthem of Cieszyn Silesia.

Bayernhymne

"Bayernhymne" ("Hymn of Bavaria") is the anthem of Bavaria.

Badnerlied

"Badnerlied" ("Song of the Badners") is the unofficial anthem of Baden, a former state which is now part of Baden-Württemberg.

Elsässisches Fahnenlied

The "Elsässisches Fahnenlied" (Hymn to the Alsatian Flag") is the unofficial anthem of Alsace, a region of France, as well as the former anthem of Alsace-Lorraine when it was part of the German Empire.

Frankenlied

The "Frankenlied" ("Song of Franconia") or "Das Lied der Franken" ("The Song of the Franconians") is the unofficial anthem of Franconia.

Gott segne Sachsenland

"Gott segne Sachsenland" ("God Bless Saxony") was the national anthem of the former Saxon Kingdom. It is also used as an unofficial anthem in modern Saxony. The lyrics were written in 1815 by Siegfried August Mahlman.

Cornufer sulcatus

Cornufer sulcatus is a frog. It lives in the Nakanai Mountains on New Britain Island in Papua New Guinea.

Scientists found this frog in the leaf litter, old dead leaves on the ground. It can dig into the ground.

Hessenlied

The "Hessenlied" ("Song of Hesse") is the anthem of Hesse.

Leew Eilun Feer

"Leew Eilun Feer" ("Beloved Island of Föhr") is the anthem of Föhr.

Child endangerment

Child endangerment is the act of putting a child or teenager in danger.

National Elk Refuge

The National Elk Refuge is a wildlife refuge in Jackson Hole, Wyoming. It was started in 1912 to protect habitat for one of the largest elk (moose) herds. 

The area is . An average of 7,500 elk live there each winter. U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service manages the refuge. The refuge's elk migrate from as far away as southern Yellowstone National Park.


Second inauguration of Abraham Lincoln

The second inauguration of Abraham Lincoln as the 16th president of the United States happened on March 4, 1865. It was the start of the second and final term of Abraham Lincoln as president and the only term of Andrew Johnson as vice president. 

A public ceremony happened on the East Front of the United States Capitol Building in Washington, D.C. The event was the 20th presidential inauguration. 

Lincoln did not finish his term in office because he died on April 15, 1865, after being shot by John Wilkes Booth. As a result, his vice president, Andrew Johnson, become the next president. 

Chief Justice Salmon P. Chase administered the oath of office to Lincoln. This was the first inauguration to feature African Americans in the inaugural parade.

This inauguration was the first to have many photos of it taken. One picture taken at the event is widely believed to show John Wilkes Booth, the man who killed Lincoln.


Siphonognathus beddomei

Siphonognathus beddomei, the pencil weed whiting, is a species of ray-finned fish, a weed whiting from the family Odacidae. It is endemic to the southern coasts of Australia.

Ashenda

Ashenda is a yearly Tigrayan festival that originated in Axum region of Tigray and has been adopted by other regions in Ethiopia and Eritrea, which celebrates women and girls. It happens every August, mostly in Tigray State where it is treated like a national holiday. The festival comes after the two weeks of Filseta. During Filseta, people fast, or do not eat, through the day. Filseta and Ashenda honor the Virgin Mary.

In the festival, young women and girls wear white cotton dresses. These dresses have colorful embroidery, called "tilfi". They also wear a lot of jewelry. They weave "ashenda" grass into a bunch, and wear it on their backs, or as a skirt. Ashenda, in the Tigrinya language, is a tall green grass that grows on river banks. Girls often wear five cornrow braids in their hair. The hair is natural. They wear Kohl eyeliner.

On the first day, the girls gather at the middle of the town or village. Then they break up into groups, and walk through the town. They sing and dance for the people in every house, and also in the village square. The people in each house give them money, food, drinks, or other gifts. The women and girls give these gifts to poor people. They sing and dance all day until sunset. This festival may last for a week or more.

Ashenda is thousands of years old. It existed even before Ethiopia became Christian, in the 4th century AD. as the Tigrayans migrated down south they brought the culture to the southern part of Ethiopia it was adopted reflecting the spirit and culture of the locals developing new name E.g in Wello region it's called Shadey, Agew Awi Zone they call is Ashendye, in Gojjam and Shewa region they call it Solel, or Mariya.

According to old stories, King Menelik I of Ethiopia was the son of the ancient Israelite king Solomon. He traveled to Ethiopia with other Israelites in the 10th century BC. In modern times, Jews lived in Ethiopia: the Beta Israel people. Researcher Timkehet Teffera thinks that Ashenda started as an ancient Israelite celebration. Other people think that Ashenda was once a pagan festival. They think it started to celebrate the harvest season, or as a time for women and men to find partners for marriage.

Ethiopia became Christian in the 4th century AD. The meaning of Ashenda changed to focus on the Virgin Mary. It is mainly celebrated in the Ethiopian Orthodox Tewahedo Church. This church says that after Mary died, the Apostles fasted for 14 days. On the 15th day, they buried her. So Ethiopians fast for the first 15 days of "Nahase", a month in the Ethiopian calendar. On the 16th day, Mary rose from the grave. God carried her to Heaven. This event is called the Assumption of Mary. Ashenda starts on "Nahase" 16th, in honor of the Assumption.

The story says that Mary rose from a glowing field of tall grass. Some say that the ashenda grass represents this field. Others say that it is related to the story of Moses. When Moses was born, the king of Egypt said to kill all baby Israelite boys. Moses' mother had to hide her son to save his life. She hid him in a basket in the grasses by a river. The king's daughter found Moses and raised him in secret. One popular Ashenda song is about Moses.

Girls usually wear a white cotton dress. People weave these dresses by hand, without a machine. They put colorful embroidery patterns on the dresses. However, now some girls wear colorful cloths from other countries. Girls usually tie a band of cotton cloth around their waist. They often wear plastic shoes. The girls' hair is braided. A few days before the festival, girls go to local hairdressers. They can braid hair in many complex ways. The girls wear many types of jewelry. It can be made of gold, silver, brass, copper, seashells, coconut shells, beads, or twisted threads. They often wear necklaces, bracelets, and ankle bracelets. They traditionally wear Kohl eyeliner on their face. Today, they also wear other kinds of makeup, or cosmetics. Many girls paint crosses on their forehead.

Many families buy new clothing and jewelry for Ashenda. If the family does not have enough money to buy clothing, neighbors or relatives will lend it to them. Each group of girls plans what they will wear for Ashenda, so they can all wear the same style.

Ashenda involves singing, dancing, and playing drums. Older family members, especially mothers, teach Ashenda traditions to the girls. Most Ashenda groups have at least one boy with them. Traditionally, boys walk with the girls to protect them. During Ashenda, girls meet many different people. So it can also be a time to find a husband.

On the first day of Ashenda, girls go to a church and pray. They then sing songs of praise to St. Mary. After this, they go to houses and sing and dance. The people in each house usually give them gifts. Some common gifts are chicken stew, honey wine, local beer, and money. Then the girls sing a special song to thank them.

Some Ashenda songs are about political topics. They may criticize people in the village, or in the government. The girls are free to say anything they want in their songs. Tradition says that nobody can stop them from talking. Girls in Ethiopia do not usually have this freedom. So Ashenda is a special time for them. Ashenda songs may also say nice things about people in the town. Girls may sing about unity and belonging. They may sing about the joy of the celebration.

The songs are usually sung in two parts: the group leader, and everyone else. They are often sung as an antiphon, or call and response. The drum and hand claps keep a rhythm.

Siphonognathus caninis

Siphonognathus caninis, the sharpnose weed whiting, is a species of ray-finned fish, a weed whiting endemic to the southern coasts of Australia. It is also known as the clown pipefish because it will often act like a clown to scare off other fish. It is mistakenly called the tubemouth because of its resemblance to "Siphonognathus argyrophanes".

It has a lot of nicknames, such as clown weed whiting, false tubemouth, or cowboy fish.

Huliaipole

Huliaipole is a city in Zaporizhzhia oblast in Ukraine.

During the Russo-Ukrainian War, there has been fighting there. As of 2023's second quarter, there is still fighting going on, to the south of the city.


Social care

Social care is the name for help people get when they cannot do things for themselves which most people do. It includes getting out of bed, getting dressed, washing, eating and moving about and staying safe. People who need social care include hospital patients who need help after an operation, people with physical or learning disabilities who want to live independently at home, and young people from difficult families and children in foster care. 

This sort of help is mostly done by families, and mostly by women. In the past a lot was done by religious people. Workhouses and hospitals were often full of people who needed social care and had nobody to look after them. As medicine developed social care became more separate. Payment for health care is often different from payments for health care. There may be argument about who should pay. Care for old people near the end of life is very different from care for children and young people. Private insurance is not very successful. Not everyone needs social care and young people are reluctant to take out insurance. Germany and Japan have set up systems which try to balance society’s and a individual responsibilities. 

Local governments in many countries set up large homes for old people. People with mental illness or learning difficulty often lived in big hospitals for years. These institutions have mostly closed and now more people get help in their own homes or in group homes. They may pay for it, or in a welfare state it may be free. More people need social care as more people live to be old and people survive with conditions which in earlier times would have meant an early death. 

Social workers are employed to make decisions about the help people need if the government is paying. The people who are paid do this work may be called care workers. They are mostly women and the pay is low. People often leave for better paid work in retail. 

The State of Guernsey said in November 2022 that it would have to cut back social care because people were living longer with more needs. It was hard to find enough people to do the work. 

Matteo Guendouzi

Matteo Elias Kenzo Guendouzi Valverde Mendoza Olié (; born 14 April 1999) is a French footballer. He plays as a midfielder for Ligue 1 club Marseille and the France national team.

Online analytical processing

Online analytical processing (OLAP) is a way of doing data analysis. It is similar to data mining. Both are business tools that can help management take decisions. Unlike data mining though, OLAP is about verifying a hypothesis.

Kevin McDaid

Kevin McDaid (born 7 March 1984) is a British singer. Born in Nigeria, he was brought up in England in Newcastle upon Tyne. He was best known as member of the British boy band V.

While he was still unknown to the public, Kevin posed in explicit nude photos for ladstrip.co.uk, a British amateur porn website. In one of the series of photos, he engages in sexual activity with another man, "Ross".  In August 2005, she announced to the tabloid "The Sun" that she was in a same-sex relationship with Mark Feehily , a member of the music group Westlife since January 2005.  Kevin appeared with Mark for the December 2007 cover of British "Attitude magazine."

Now he is a professional photographer including photography for the album covers of Westlife, "Where We Are" and "Gravity." In 2011, the couple discussed having children.

Profile 
While he was still unknown to the public, Kevin posed in explicit nude photos for ladstrip.co.uk, a British amateur porn website. In one of the series of photos, she engages in sexual activity with another man, "Ross" In August 2005, she announced to the tabloid The Sun that she was in a same-sex relationship with Mark Feehily , a member of the music group Westlife since January 2005. Kevin appeared with Mark for the December 2007 cover of British Attitude magazine.

Syre (river)

The Syre or Syr () is a river in Luxembourg. It joins the Moselle in Mertert. It goes through Schuttrange, Roodt-sur-Syre, Betzdorf and Manternach. The source is in the Baschtef southwest of Syren.

Cornufer bufonulus

Cornufer bufonulus is a frog. It lives in the Nakanai Mountains on New Britain Island in Papua New Guinea.

Scientists have seen this frog in the leaf litter, dead leaves on the ground. They can dig into the ground.

Binomial

In algebra, Binomials are polynomials that contains two terms that are monomials being either added or subtracted together.


Terence Davies

Terence Davies (10 November 1945 – 7 October 2023) was a British screenwriter, film director, and novelist.

He was born into an English working-class family in Liverpool, England. After years of low-level jobs he began studies at Coventry School of Drama in 1971 and later at the National Film School. He wrote a screenplay for his first short film, "Children". This would be the first of three short movies that are known as "The Terence Davies Trilogy".

He is best known as the writer and director of movies based on his own life, including "Distant Voices, Still Lives" (1988), "The Long Day Closes" (1992) and "Of Time and the City" (2008). He has made movies based on novels, such as "The House of Mirth" (2000) and "The Neon Bible" (1995). His movies "A Quiet Passion" (2016) and "Benediction" (2021) are based on the lives of poets Emily Dickinson and Siegfried Sassoon.
Davies lived in Mistley, Essex. In a 2022 interview, he said that he preferred to live alone and was single for much of his life, except for a heterosexual relationship in the late 1970s, "[when] there was still this attitude of: 'Well, find the right person and you'll be happy'"; he was subsequently uninterested in relationships with men, saying "I did go on to the gay scene for a couple of months and I thought, it's just not for me". 

Davies died at his home on 7 October 2023, at the age of 77, following a short illness.

Angoor

Angoor () is a 1982 Indian Hindi-language comedy movie. It was directed by Gulzar. The movie stars Sanjeev Kumar and Deven Verma in double roles. It is a remake of the 1968 Indian movie "Do Dooni Char." That movie was a remake of the 1963 Bengali language movie "Bhranti Bilas." It was based on Ishwar Chandra Vidyasagar's Bengali novel by the same name. That book was based on Shakespeare's play "The Comedy of Errors." "Angoor" was remade by Rohit Shetty as "Cirkus". All of the characters in the move are innocent. Destiny plays the main role in bringing all characters to one place. This is different from most movies that have characters who are not innocent and make false statements to fool other characters.

The story is based on Shakespeare's "The Comedy of Errors." This is a story of two pair of identical twins and mistaken identities.


The DVD version of the movie was released by IndiaWeekly under its own label.

Solo (Clean Bandit song)

"Solo" is an EDM song by British electronic music duo Clean Bandit. It also features Demi Lovato. It was released on May 18, 2018, by Atlantic Records. Lovato, Grace Chatto, Camille Purcell, Jack Patterson, and Fred Gibson helped write the song's lyrics.

Commercially, the song was a worldwide success. It topped the charts in 13 countries.

"Solo" was the most searched song on Shazam in 2018. It had 9.1 million tags worldwide.

The song was first revealed when a dancer posted on her Instagram Stories. She said that she would be featured on the music video for "Solo". On May 2018, Clean Bandit teased the song on Twitter. Camille Purcell also said in a tweet that she would work for the production for the song.

Grace Chatto, one of the members of Clean Bandit, told that London Evening Standard that the song was based on an experience of a breakup of hers. She also said that the song was recorded over FaceTime. It is because the band was unable to schedule a session with Lovato.
The song was performed at the other European leg of Lovato's Tell Me You Love Me World Tour. Clean Bandit also performed the song at the Capital FM Summertime Ball. The band also had Lovato as a special guest on June 9, 2018.
The music video for the song was released on May 31, 2018. It stars the members of Clean Bandit and Lovato herself.
The video starts with the Clean Bandit member Grace Chatto. She is with a "lover", who is the actor George Todd McLachlan, in which they argue. As the arguments become violent. Chatto grabs her longboard and skates into the town and ends at a laundromat. She is then hidden behind the washing machines in an office. She also pays an attendant (Ko Hyojoo) for an unknown medicine. Then, Hyojoo is skating with a longboard down the street. It is to retrieve the medicine that will be made by Jack and Luke Patterson. Before that happens, Luke suggests to choose to the shape of a bearded dragon or a rabbit. They decide to make the shape of a dog. In the end, thanks to the help of the medicine, Chatto's abusive boyfriend turns into a rainbow golden Retriever. The video is briefly cut with Chatto's face evaporating. Lovato makes appearances with a floral top when she sings the track's vocals. As of November 2021, the video has over 900 million views. A black and white acoustic version of the video was released on June 15, 2018.
A music video for the Japanese version of the video was released on August 17, 2018. It was filmed in Kyoto, Japan. It focuses on the division of trying to break away from one's feelings. It is also focuses on moving from the past with the inner confusion that comes with it. It was directed by Yutaka Obara.

Mike Will Made It

Michael Len Williams II(born on March 23, 1989), professionally known as Mike Will Made It(often stylized as Mike WiLL Made-It) or simply Mike Will, is an American record producer and rapper. He is best known for producing trap beats. They were for several Southern hip hop and pop musicians. Here are a few singles that he produced that went very well:
He has released six mixtapes and one studio album, Ransom 2.

Chamalal language

Chamalal is a Northeast Caucasian language. About 500 people speak Chamalal.

Martyrs Shrine

Martyr's shrines () are religious buildings in China that honor and remember people who died for their country. They are built separately from other buildings and can be converted from other types of shrines such as Shinto shrines. They also help teach people about the importance of loyalty and righteousness and Confucian values.
In China, there were shrines that honored loyal people and soldiers who died for their country. The emperor gave the shrines their names. One of these shrines, called Fayuan Temple, was built to remember soldiers who died in battle. It was first named Jienzhongsa Temple but later renamed Fayuan Temple. This tradition also spread to other places like Korea and Vietnam. When the monarchy ended, the government continued to make shrines for the martyrs.

Originally, many of the shrines in Taiwan that remember people who died while serving their country were Shinto shrines. After World War II, the Nationalist government converted them to their current use. These shrines are dedicated to officers, soldiers, police, and people who died for the Republic of China.

According to the "Rules for the Sacrifice of Martyrs' Shrines" by the Ministry of the Interior of the R.O.C., these shrines are located at municipal governments in cities and counties. The National Revolutionary Martyrs' Shrine is located in the central government seat and the President leads the ceremony.

In 1998, a legal amendment allowed civilians who were not in the military to be inducted into the shrine. The first civilian to be inducted was Lin Ching-chuan, a teacher who died saving children in a fire. Some police officers, firefighters, and healthcare workers who died in the line of duty, as well as postal workers who died while serving, have also been commemorated at the shrine..

During the Imperial era in Japan, Shōkonsha was established to honor those who gave their lives for the country. During the war, they were renamed Gokoku Shrines, except for Tokyo Shrine, which became known as Yasukuni Shrine. Some people consider the shrine to be a symbol of Japanese militarism. The shrine has a list of over 2 million people and pets, including the names, origins, birthdates, and places of death. Unfortunately, controversy surrounds the shrine because it also includes the names of over 1,000 convicted war criminals, including 14 who were involved in the planning and initiation of the war.


Qin Hui (historian)

Qin Hui (Chinese: 秦晖; pinyin: "Qín Huī"; born 1953) is a Chinese historian. 

He previously was a Professor of History, Institute of Humanities and Social Sciences, Tsinghua University. He is now an Adjunct Professor in the Department of Government and Public Administration, the Chinese University of Hong Kong.

In December 2015, Qin Hui's new book "Moving Away from the Imperial Regime" (), a collection of articles on how constitutional democracy fell in China in the early 20th century, was banned by the Chinese government. The book was a bestseller before the ban. 

The Wizard of New Zealand

The Wizard of New Zealand (born Ian Brackenbury Channell; 4 December 1932) is a British-born New Zealand educator, comedian, illusionist, and politician. He is also known by his shorter name, The Wizard. In 1990 the Prime Minister of New Zealand, Mike Moore, an old friend, appointed him the official "Wizard of New Zealand".

Amazon Women in the Mood

"Amazon Women in the Mood" is an episode of the television show "Futurama". It is the first episode of season three to be made, but it was not the first one that was on television. It was first shown on the Fox network in the United States on February 4, 2001.

Amy has a phone call. The caller makes strange sounds and then hangs up. The caller is Kif. Kif loves Amy but is afraid to talk to her. Zapp Brannigan hears that Kif loves Amy and that Amy works with Leela, so he asks Leela to come out with him and Kif and bring Amy as a double date. Leela agrees but only because Amy wants to go. The four of them go to a restaurant on a large spaceship.

The date is bad, and Zapp crashes the restaurant ship into a strange planet. This planet is Amazonia. The Amazonians, a tribe of giant, muscular women, catch Kif, Zapp, Leela, and Amy.

Fry and Bender go to Amazonia to save their friends but the Amazonians catch them too. Fry, Zapp, and Bender make jokes about the Amazonian's female ideas, which makes Leela and Amy think life without men would be good. The Amazonians ask what purpose men. Amy tries to answer, and the Amazonians realize she is describing "snu-snu" (sexual intercourse), something they have heard of but never done.

The Amazonians' leader, a giant computer called Femputer (Bea Arthur), decides to punish the men. Bender says that he does not have male anatomy, so the Femputer lets him leave. Femputer says Zapp, Fry, and Kif are must die, but she says it will be "death by snu-snu," meaning the Amazonians will have sex with them until they are dead. Kif does not want to die by snu-snu, but Zapp and Fry are both happy and upset. Fry says, "I never thought I'd die like this, but I'd always really hoped." Kif tells Amy that he loves her. Amy resolves to save him.

Zapp and Fry are snu-snued off-screen. Kif climbs to the ceiling and escapes from at least one of the Amazonians. Later, both Zapp and Fry ask for the snu-snuing to stop because they are tired, but the Amazonians continue.

Leela and Amy tell Bender to find the Femputer and reprogram her to let the men live. He sees that the Femputer is a really fembot. She tells Bender that she created the Amazonian society because her home planet was ruled by mean men. Amy rescues Kif; the Amazonians chase after them, cornering them in the Femputer's chamber. By this time, however, Bender and the fembot have become romantic. They tell the Amazonians to release their captives and bring gold.

The crew returns to Earth where Fry and Zapp receive treatment for broken hip bones, but they are both happy that they had snu-snu. Bender has a pile of gold bricks, and Kif and Amy are a couple. They all agree that Amazonia was their best mission ever.

The episode's title comes from the movie "Amazon Women on the Moon". At the space restaurant, Zapp sings "Lola" to Leela. This a parody of William Shatner trying to sing "Rocket Man." The bar "Le'Palm d'Orbit" is a reference to "Palme d'Or." Zapp calls himself "the Velour Fog" because sing Mel Torme's nickname is "the Velvet Fog."

The episode has what "Science Fiction Weekly" calls the "stereotypical women's fantasy"—a world without men. This happens much in science fiction. It says that this represents the desire "not to be marginalized in one's own society."

This episode was nominated for an Emmy Award in 2001 for "Outstanding Animated Program (For Programming Less Than One Hour)" but lost to "The Simpsons" episode "HOMR." In 2006, IGN named it the best episode of "Futurama" because it is both "crude and hilarious." The episode was also called "most hilarious" episode in Futurama's third season by "Curve" and in the book "5000 Episodes and No Commercials: The Ultimate Guide to TV Shows on DVD". In 2013, it was ranked number 10 "as voted on by fans" for Comedy Central's Futurama Fanarama marathon.

When it was first on television in 2001, the episode placed 79th in the Nielsen ratings for primetime shows for the week of January 29 - February 4, 2001.

Many years later, there were new reviews and articles about the episode. These articles talk about how the men do not really agree to have sex and that this is bad. They also say the episode has other unhealthy ideas about what it means to be a man or woman. In 2021, Jonah Schuhart of the "Looper" writes "much of the episode's humor crosses into borderline misogyny, and even makes light of sexual assault." In 2023, Lewis Morton of the "Avocado" writes "the only people who undergo snu-snu are consenting enthusiastically, but then if you have to go out of your way to explain why something isn’t rape, you're probably already too far."


So Real (Mandy Moore song)

"So Real" is a 2000 song by Mandy Moore. It is from a album reissue "I Wanna Be with You". It went to number 21 in Australia and number 18 in New Zealand.

Australian CD single

French promo CD—"C'est si facile"

In My Pocket

"In My Pocket" is a 2001 song by Mandy Moore and is the lead single from her second studio album "Mandy Moore". It went to number 11 in Australia and number 26 in New Zealand. It fared poorly in the United States.

European CD1

European CD2

Australian CD single

Afsluitdijk

Afsluitdijk is a large dam in the Netherlands. It is long. The dam separates the IJsselmeer lake from the Wadden Sea. It was built between 1927 and 1932. The dam was built because of floods that affected the country's low-lying lands. It also serves as a road between Friesland and North Holland provinces. Afsluitdijk has become a popular tourist destination. People go there for its scenic beauty, recreational opportunities, and historical importance.

Housing Benefit

Housing Benefit is a means tested social security benefit in the United Kingdom that is intended to help with the costs of rent. 

Rent rebates, as they were called, started in the 1930s when council houses were built to clear slums. The rents were often to high for the poor people who had lived in the slums. Local councils made their own arrangements. The first national system started in 1972. It covered rates as well as rent. For people in private housing it was called rent allowance. People who got Supplementary Benefit had all their rent paid. People who had more money than that still got some help. By 1983 about 30% of the population were getting Housing Benefit. After 1986 it was lined up with the rules for Income Support. 

The cost of housing for low-income households has risen a lot. The cost of Housing Benefit rose from 0.2% of GDP in 1980-81 to 1.0% in 2012-13. In 2015 £9.3 billion was paid to private landlords. 

From 2019 housing benefit was moved into Universal Credit except for people above State Pension age and people living in supported, sheltered or temporary housing.

in 2022 2 million private renting households, 38% of the total, were getting help with rent from either Universal Credit or Housing Benefit.

Private tenants can only claim for a rent up the level of the Local Housing Allowance where they live. This is based on private market rents being paid by tenants in a Broad Rental Market Area. Local Housing Allowance started in 2008. There are rules about number of bedrooms a household can claim for. They do not apply to pensioners. 

From April 2011 claimants could only claim a rent based on the 30th percentile of rent in their area. Single people under 35 could only claim for the cost of a shared room. care leavers aged under 22, some people who have a disability and over 25s who have spent at least three months living in hostel accommodation, can sometimes claim for a self-contained one bedroom flat . The maximum payable under LHA was also set to £400 per week, or £20,800 per annum. The Local Housing Allowance was fixed in April 2020 but not changed since then as rents increased. In February 2023 in Wales out of 2,638 private properties advertised for rent only 32 had rent under the allowance. 

In 2023 the Chancellor announced that the Local Housing Allowance would be re-pegged to the 30th percentile of local rents in April 2024, but it would then be frozen again.

Housing benefit is also limited by the benefit cap, which has not been increased."."

Wulfstan

Wulfstan (d.1023) is known to be an influential monk and a remarkable writer of homilies. 

It is speculated that he was born in York, not far from the Ship of the Fens, namely the Ely Cathedral. His date of birth remains a mystery to this day. It is also speculated that he was born into a family that owned lands which they lost upon the arrival of the Danish Warrior, King Cnut, in England in 1016. King Cnut is often described as the most effective king in Anglo-Saxon history.

Wulfstan received a Benedictine education at Winchester (a foundation that houses the relics of the saint who founded Western monasticism in the 7th century). Winchester became known as the center of the Benedictine reform in England in the late 10th century. Wulfstan was later elevated to bishop of London in 996-1002, and then he became the archbishop of York from 1002 to 1016. Wulfstan was familiar with the Benedictine Reform movement. This movement sought to free monasteries from secular control and to establish a more committed discipline among monks. Wulfstan was the student and the disciple of Æthelwold of Winchester, which allowed him to write The Life of St. Æthelwold in 1000. 

Almost nothing is known about Wulfstan’s youth, only that part of his family probably lived in the Fenland area of the East Midlands. Because of his later career and association with the Benedictine Reform, he possibly once studied and worked as a Benedictine monk at Winchester. In 996, he became the bishop of London. In 1002, he was elected Archbishop of York, and later he gained control over the district of Worcester. 

Wulfstan thought that the reign of king Æthelred was full of sin and he saw it as a period of failure. That is why he wanted to create new law codes to make things better. Besides that, he also created laws for the Danish king Cnut, who took England’s throne in 1016. He was an important person in England at that time, because of his control over the district of York. Wulfstan was also a prominent figure in the royal court since he was the legal craftsman for both Æthelred and Cnut. 

As a bishop – and later archbishop – Wulfstan was very active in church reform. He emphasized the importance of the church in the education of the people as well as in aiding the king. His religious efforts eventually started to include even secular matters, such as the legal writing mentioned earlier. This was partly to make sure that the church would still be able to interfere with secular matters. 

Wulfstan is known as one of the most notable and unique Old English writers. He was best known for his religious texts (homilies, sermons, religious canon) but also for political theory and writing of laws. Wulfstan was one of the two major writers in early 11th century England. His writing of religious text was influenced by Benedictine Reform - which tried to unite the rules for monks, including the promotion of regular life for priests and a strict church order. Wulfstan used his homilies to teach priests and monks. 

Wulfstan’s homilies had a few specific details, his special rhythmical system being one of them. Wulfstan also used specific vocabulary and frequently repeating literary devices. 

Wulfstan’s works were appreciated by people living at that time as well. Wulfstan’s works are so complex that they were impossible to be translated. Wulfstan knew his audience well, his works were written for an average English Christian. His writings were great in number, it is noted that he wrote over 30 sermons in Old English. 

The motive of Wulfstan’s works was often religious, depicting the evil of the world before the second coming of Christ, a motive that can be seen in his work "Evil Days". One of his works, "Secundum Lucam", describes how terrible hell is. 

His works were often influenced by the political situation at that time, addressing social instability. 

Wulfstan influenced other writers of homilies. Sometimes it is hard to decide whether a work was actually written by Wulfstan because they followed his composition and rhetoric. One of the most famous imitations was by Napier, as his works were essentially his version of Wulfstan’s homilies. One important fact to note is that even though Wulfstan’s works are often referred to as homilies, they are actually in fact sermons since Wulfstan does not present his ideas phrase by phrase, he only uses a general theme for his sermon. 

Wulfstan was a native speaker of Old English, specifically the West-Saxon dialect. He also spoke Latin and Old Norse (which was brought to England by people of Scandinavian origin). 

Wulfstan wrote most of his works in Old English. Other works he wrote in Latin. In his writing, there are some particular words that no other author used. Old English words that are exclusive to Wulfstan’s works are: "sibleger" ‘incest’, "tōfēsian" ‘to rout’, "ægylde" ‘uncompensated’, and "morðwyrhta" ‘murderer’. 

Wulfstan’s unique words of Scandinavian origin are: "þræl" ‘slave, servant’ (Old Norse "þræll", Old English "þēow"), "bōnda" ‘husband, peasant’ (Old Norse "bóndi", Old English "ceorl"), "eorl" ‘nobleman of highest rank’ (Old Norse "jarl", Old English "ealdormann"). Those words are related to the topic of social classes. Another important word is "lagu" ‘divine law’ (Old Norse "lag", Old English "ǣw"). 

Wulfstan is known for his recognizable writing style. Wulfstan plays with sounds in his prose. He uses alliteration (repetition of sounds at the beginning of two or more successive words). Two-stress rhythm is very typical for him. Wulfstan often repeats distinctive collocations ("unrihta fela" ‘much unlawfulness’) and rhyming binominals (two words linked by conjunction, for example "stalu and cwalu" ‘theft and murder’, wær and wis ‘aware and wise’), intensifiers ("swyðe þearle" ‘very severely’). His style is close to Old English poetry. He uses punctuation to make sure his texts can be read aloud easily. 

Some of his works can be recognized through his handwriting and text organization. In his homilies, he uses wide margins. His writing is perfectly aligned on the left side. 

Wulfstan used the Latin pen-name Lupus (‘wolf’) in many of his works. There are other works that are recognized as his because of his unique writing style. Twenty-six sermons are recognized as Wulfstan’s based on his style. 

The four categories of Wulfstan’s works are: homilies, legal texts, philosophical texts, and poetry. 

The Homilies focus on themes such as: eschatology (study of the end of the world, specifically related to Christianity in Wulfstan’s works), the afterlife, the Judgement Day, and the Antichrist theme (Wulfstan warns about fake Christ wanting to seduce men). Wulfstan wanted to warn about possible corruptions of faith. He also encouraged loving God. 

Some of Wulfstan’s legal texts are law handbooks about the laws during the reigns of different rulers. His "The Institutes of Polity" analyses the roles of the state and the Church. 

Wulfstan collected books and texts. He put many of those texts together into a collection called Wulfstan’s "Commonplace Book". This collection is divided into 10 blocks. Each block focuses on one theme. For example "" contains the laws related to Christian Church. 

Homilies 


Legal texts


Philosophical texts


Poetry


Mario Kart Arcade GP 2

Mario Kart Arcade GP 2 is the second Mario Kart game for arcades. It was released on March 14, 2007. There are 11 total playable characters in the game. You can choose to play in Time Trial Mode or Grand Prix Mode. In Time Trial mode you can race solo or against Staff Ghosts. In Grand Prix, you can choose between 50cc, 100cc, 150cc, or 200cc, and you race against players or against computers. 

You can use powerups as items. Along with the other games in the Mario Kart Arcade GP series, there are about 100 items in the game, making this and the others have the most items in a Mario Kart game at the time.

There are 32 Tracks and 8 cups to the full game.

When turning regularly, your kart loses speed. However, if you hit R before turning, you will perform a small hop and start drifting as long as you keep holding the button and steering left or right. Not only does this maintain your speed, it will also start building up boost power for a mini turbo.

Mario Kart Arcade GP 2 is the second game in the Mario Kart Arcade GP series and the seventh in the Mario Kart series overall. You can use powerups as items. There are 32 Tracks and 8 cups to the full game. Mario Kart Arcade GP is the initial installment in the series. Originally designed for the Tri-force arcade board (also used for F-Zero AX) by Namco, players can race as one of eleven characters on twenty-four tracks. There are a total of six cups, with four tracks in each, equalling twenty-four. If you're a gamer that strives to see all aspects of the game, you are likely to spend around 50 hours to obtain 100% completion. Coins have three uses, they increase your overall speed, they give you a tiny boost, and they can unlock objects. The biggest bruiser in is still the biggest powerhouses in Mario Kart 8. Bowser has the fastest speed stat in the game along with Wario. Statistically, the Pipe Frame is the best car in the game: it has great acceleration, handling, and a great mini-turbo. It also has decent traction but like many of the other cars on this list, suffers from its weight and speed. The player can jump by pressing the Brake while holding the gas pedal. To drift, the player does the same thing as jumping, but by turning the wheel to the desired direction. In the latest update, the player can also use the Mario button to jump. The game Mario Kart Arcade GP 1 includes only four playable characters, all of which appeared from the previous games: Mario, Luigi, Princess Peach and Yoshi. Items are thrown by making hand movements, which the game registers by an attachment to the player's wrist. Mario Kart Arcade GP DX is the third Mario Kart Arcade GP game, which was released in Japanese arcades on July 25, 2013, and in North American and European arcades in 2014 (previously announced for end of 2013), but the game was available in all Dave & Buster's restaurants from February 16, 2014 until April 2014. Daisy, Lakitu, and King Boo are the Japanese Exclusive characters that can be downloaded in Japanese Mario Kart Arcade GP DX game.

Thornton Wilder

Thornton Niven Wilder (April 17, 1897 – December 7, 1975) was an American playwright and novelist.

Wilder was born in Madison, Wisconsin. He lived there in his early years. His father was a journalist and a diplomat who served in Hong Kong and Shanghai, China in 1906 and 1910. Wilder went to school there in those years.

He attended Oberlin College from 1915 to 1917. He got his B. A. from Yale University in 1920. In 1926 he got a master's degree in French literature from Princeton University. He taught at the University of Chicago from 1930 to 1936. 

During World War II, he worked in military intelligence in North Africa and Italy.

Wilder won three Pulitzer Prizes for his writing. His second novel, "The Bridge of San Luis Rey" won in 1928. His most famous play, "Our Town" won in 1938. Another play, "The Skin of Our Teeth" won in 1943. He was Charles Eliot Norton Professor of Poetry at Harvard University in 1950 and 1951. He was given the Presidential Medal of Freedom in 1963. In 1965 he was the first person to receive the National Medal for Literature.

He was friends with Gertrude Stein, Ernest Hemingway, Willa Cather, and actor Montgomery Clift. He died in Hamden, Connecticut in 1975.


Paul Bowles

Paul Frederic Bowles (December 30, 1910 – November 18, 1999) was an American composer and writer. From 1947 to the end of his life, he lived in Tangier, Morrocco.

Bowles started college at the University of Virginia. He soon left it and went to Paris. He met Gertude Stein and Alice B. Toklas. When he returned to the United States, he started to study music with Aaron Copland. In 1931, Stein and Toklas told them to move to Morrocco. And they did. Bowles wrote his first chamber and solo piano works there. Later he went to Guatemala, Mexico, Ceylon, southern India and the Sahara. The music in those places had an influence on his own music.

In 1938 he married the writer Jane Auer. She was a lesbian, and he was bisexual. It was not an ordinary marriage. They moved to Morrocco in 1948. After that move, Bowles wrote less music and more fiction.

His novels and short stories are often about Americans who come to North Africa to get away from the technology and noise of modern life. Things go wrong for them in the different culture.

Bowles died of a heart attack in a hospital in Tangier. He is buried with his wife, Jane, in Lakemont, New York.


Artés

Artés is a municipality in the comarca of Bages, Province of Barcelona, in Catalonia, Spain.

Avinyó

Avinyó is a municipality in the comarca of Bages, Province of Barcelona, in Catalonia, Spain.

Chennai Port

Chennai Port, also known as Madras Port, is a natural harbor on the Coromandel Coast of the Bay of Bengal in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu. The port was stablished in 1881. It is the second largest port in India and one of the oldest artificial ports in the country. The port handles a large range of cargo. This includes containers, cars and petroleum products. It is a major gateway to southern India. The port is a way to connect India to several major ports across the world. The Chennai Port Trust, a government-owned corporation, manages and operates the port. In 2023, the port was undergoing expansion and modernization to increase its capacity and improve its efficiency.

Callús

Callús is a municipality in the comarca of Bages, Province of Barcelona, in Catalonia, Spain.

Cardona

Cardona is a municipality in the comarca of Bages, Province of Barcelona, in Catalonia, Spain.

Williams Racing

Williams Racing is a English racing team. They are currently competing in Formula One.

On the Beach (Chris Rea song)

"On the Beach" is a 1986 song by English singer Chris Rea and is the second single from his eighth studio album "On the Beach". It went to number 12 in the United Kingdom and number 18 in Ireland in 1988. It was covered by German dance band York in 1999.

7-inch single

7-inch single (alternative release)

2x 7-inch single (UK limited edition release)

7-inch single (US release)

7-inch single (US promo)

12-inch single

12-inch single (Italian promo)
7-inch single

12-inch single

CD single

CD single (US promo)

Neil Breen

Neil Breen (born November 23, 1958) is an American filmmaker and actor. He is known for making independent movies. Many of his movies have a cult following for their low budgets.

Cornufer manus

Cornufer manus is a frog. It lives in the Nakanai Mountains on New Britain Island in Papua New Guinea.

Crush (Mandy Moore song)

"Crush" is a 2001 song by Mandy Moore. It is the second single from her second studio album "Mandy Moore". It went to number 25 in Australia and number 35 on the Billboard Mainstream top 40 charts.

Australian CD single

Polylactic acid

Polylactic acid (PLA) is a type of plastic. Specifically it is a type of polyester. It is the most popular plastic for 3D printing. It has many properties that make it an ideal material for 3D printing. It has a low melting point, and it does not shrink much when it cools. PLA is usually made from sugar or starch.

I Won't Hold You Back

"I Won't Hold You Back" is a 1983 song by American rock band Toto. It is from their fourth studio album "Toto IV". It went to number 11 in Ireland, number 10 in the United States and number 17 in Canada. It was later sampled by Roger Sanchez for his song "Another Chance".

Inauguration of Andrew Johnson

The inauguration of Andrew Johnson as the 17th president of the United States happened on April 15, 1865, at Kirkwood House in Washington, D.C. It was held after Abraham Lincoln, the president of the United States, was killed. The inauguration marked the start of Andrew Johnson's only term (a partial term of ) as president.

Chief Justice Salmon P. Chase administered the presidential oath of office to Johnson. This inauguration was the third one to not be held on a scheduled date, which was normally March 4. 

After being sworn in, President Johnson gave a short inaugural address that was impromptu (unprepared). In his speech, he asked Lincoln's cabinet to stay with him, and then attacked the Confederate States of America. One person who heard the speech said, "It would have been better had he been struck dumb."

Some newspaper reports said Johnson had gotten heavily drunk, in that when President Lincoln's aides came to get to Johnson, they were not able to wake him up for a short time. The reports said that when Johnson was awoken, "he had puffy eyes and his hair was caked with mud from the street," and that a barber and doctor came to clean him up for the ceremony, which most reports said went smoothly. 

However, this has been disagreed on, according to other reports believed more accurate by some.


Driving Home for Christmas

"Driving Home for Christmas" is a 1988 Christmas song by English singer Chris Rea and was taken from his compilation album "New Light Through Old Windows". It had modest chart placings until 2007 when it placed at #33 and reached its new peak of #10 in 2022. It has been covered by numerous artists since then.

Halswell

Halswell is a suburb of Christchurch. It was originally a separate village until the 1960s when Oaklands subdivision was added, this expanded further when Westlake was developed in the late 1980s and in the early 2000s when Aidanfield was developed to co-join the city. State Highway 75 runs through the suburb. 

Tepezalá

Tepezalá is a municipality in the Mexican state of Aguascalientes.

Trith-Saint-Léger

Trith-Saint-Léger is a commune in the Nord department in northern France.

Domain-driven design

Domain-driven design is a way of modelling and building software systems. The basic idea is that the model of the software should also be a model of the application domain. In domain-driven design the software models certain aspects of the problem. People will use certain terms, which have a very specific meaning. This meaning is linked to the problem domain in which it is used (called a context). In different contexts, the term may have a different meaning. 

In order to connect the different contexts, a common language is needed (where everyone agrees on the specific meaning of the terms used). Eric Evans, who created the term Domain-driven design calles it ubiquitous language, and defines it as follows: “A language structured around the domain model and used by all team members to connect all the activities of the team with the software.”.

Polestar

Polestar is a Swedish automotive brand. It was established in 1996 by Volvo Cars' partner Flash/Polestar Racing. It was acquired in 2015 by Volvo. The company is headquartered in Torslanda near Gothenburg, Sweden. The vehicles are made in China.

The Polestar name comes from the Polestar racing team. The racing team changed its name to Cyan Racing but still has close ties to Volvo.

Castellbell i el Vilar

Castellbell i el Vilar is a municipality in the comarca of Bages, Province of Barcelona, in Catalonia, Spain.

Iowa Writer's Workshop

The Iowa Writers' Workshop, at the University of Iowa in Iowa City, is a famous graduate-level creative writing program in the United States. Its official name is the Program in Creative Writing. 

Students can earn a Master of Fine Arts (MFA) degree in Creative Writing. This lets them teach Creative Writing at other colleges and universities. Because the program is also a workshop, students talk about their writing with each other and their teachers.

It is the oldest MFA writing program in America. It was started in 1936. Many successful writers have studied in this program. Some of its earliest teachers and visiting writers were Robert Frost, Robert Penn Warren, John Berryman, Dylan Thomas, and Robert Lowell.

Many teachers and students from the program have won Pulitzer Prizes in Fiction and Poetry. Some of them are:


Castellfollit del Boix

Castellfollit del Boix is a municipality in the comarca of Bages, Province of Barcelona, in Catalonia, Spain.

Castellgalí

Castellgalí is a municipality in the comarca of Bages, Province of Barcelona, in Catalonia, Spain.

Castellnou de Bages

Castellnou de Bages is a municipality in the comarca of Bages, Province of Barcelona, in Catalonia, Spain.

Fonollosa

Fonollosa is a municipality in the comarca of Bages, Province of Barcelona, in Catalonia, Spain.

Gaià

Gaià is a municipality in the comarca of Bages, Province of Barcelona, in Catalonia, Spain.

Marganell

Marganell is a municipality in the comarca of Bages, Province of Barcelona, in Catalonia, Spain.

Edward Gorey

Edward St. John Gorey (February 22, 1925 – April 15, 2000) was an American artist and writer of little illustrated stories and experimental plays. 

He was known for his own illustrated books as well as cover art and illustration for books by other writers. He designed sets and costumes for "Edward Gorey’s Dracula" in 1977. That play won two Tony Awards in 1978. One was for Best Costumes.

Gorey was born in Chicago, Illinois. From grade 9, he was a successful student at the Francis Parker School. He was drafted into the U. S. Army when he was 18. In 1946 he went to college at Harvard University. He was the roommate there of poet Frank O'Hara. They both worked in the Poets Theater in Cambridge. 

Gorey's first book was "The Unstrung Harp" in 1953. Different from comic books, it was an early kind of graphic novel. It used both words and pictures to tell the story.

From the 1950s on, Gorey was well-liked as an illustrator and designer of other people's books. Many people know his work by watching the animated opening for public telelvision's "Mystery" series.

In 2000 he died of a heart attack at Cape Cod Hospital in Hyannis, Massachusetts.

Some of Gorey's books are very hard to find. These four books collect many of them. Because his books are very short, these collections may contain 15 or more in each volume.


Armaan

Armaan may refer to:

Armaan is a Hindu boy name. The name comes from the Persian word meaning Hope.



Fucsia (Castiglioni)

Fucsia is a type of ceiling pendant lamp. It was designed by the architect Achille Castiglioni. 

The prototype was presented in 1996, and put into production by Flos. The decision to create a suspension lamp with multiple light points is linked to the typology of chandeliers of the past and draws inspiration from a chandelier with multiple light points designed by father Giannino Castiglioni for his home in Lierna on Lake Como in 1925.

Suspension lamp suitable for solving the problem of uniform direct and diffused lighting on various surface dimensions.

The lamp body has design characteristics and dimensions such as to allow, in addition to the use of the single, multiple solutions.


Torre Cecilia

The Torre Cecilia or Torione Cecilia is a mountain on Lake Como in the province of Lecco, Lombardy, northern Italy. It is part of the Gruppo delle Grigne; is located in the territory of Lierna above Lake Como.

The peak reaches 1,800 metres in altitude.

The particular shaped mountain, adjacent to the Torre del Cinquantenario, was designed by Leonardo da Vinci between 1505 and 1510, during his continuous stays on the shores of Lake Como mentioned in his Codex Atlanticus, the work is part of the Windsor Codex (on sheet 12406).

Torrione Cecilia and Torre del Cinquantenario are the Dolomite group located in front of Rifugio Rosalba (1730 m.), and one of the most characteristic corners of Grignetta together with Alpe di Lierna.

The mountain was at the center of enterprises in 1923 with Fanny Guzzi.

There are many landscapes of Lake Como and its mountains drawn by Leonardo da Vinci, the object of his studies during his stays in Lierna. Leonardo da Vinci will study in the mountains above Lierna, from Porta di Prada to Rocca di Baiedo, from Fiumelatte to Bellagio, which "unites the two opposites into one", up to Monte San Martino, Resegone and the "Giardino di Pietra", not only the mountains but also the streams and caves beneath them, which radiate as he said like the veins of the human body. For Leonardo da Vinci, the mountains of Lake Como contain all the secret of the antiquity of the world, an essential part of the great cosmic cycle that binds rock, water, sky and the belly of the earth together. Leonardo da Vinci not only shows a theoretical interest in the mountains, but explores them in person, becoming a mountaineer in his own way.

His travels to Lierna where he stayed to explore all the surrounding areas testify to the rocks, mountains, peaks, woods, landscapes that are present in many of his famous paintings. The most significant Alpine representation dates back to the second Milanese period: around 1511 Leonardo depicts a mountain group with precise outlines, in a small red chalk drawing.

In the drawings of the Windsor code there is a view of medieval Lecco, as well as drawings of snowy crests that belong to the landscape of the eastern branch of Lake Como, there are also drawings of the central massif of the Grigne.


Draßburg

Draßburg is a municipality in the district of Mattersburg in the Austrian state of Burgenland.

Attendance Allowance

Attendance Allowance is a Social Security benefit for disabled people in the United Kingdom. It was started in 1970.

To get it people must show that they need help or have difficulty in connection with their bodily functions or need to be looked after all the time. Bodily functions are things that most people would do for themselves; they do not include things like cooking, housework or getting food.

From 1992 people below pension age had to claim Disability Living Allowance instead.

From April 2023 the amount is:


People who get Attendance Allowance may get increased means tested benefits.

Rates (tax)

Rates a sort of property tax in the United Kingdom and some other countries.

In England they were started as part of the Poor Law. They were agreed in the Act for the Relief of the Poor 1601. They were first used to pay for workhouses and later for building roads. They paid for local government"." Buildings were given a rateable value based on the rent it could fetch. This meant that people with more valuable buildings paid more. The rateable value was to be calculated again every 5 years, but this was unpopular and often didnt happen. In 1990 Margaret Thatcher tried to replace it with the poll tax. This only lasted 3 years and then there was Council Tax.

People who do not have a water meter are charged for water according to the rateable value of their building. 

Businesses still have to pay rates based on the value of their buildings. The rate is set by central government and is the same for the whole of England. The money is collected by local councils. This means that places where people are richer produce more money.

Charities and community amateur sports clubs only have to pay 20%.

Yellowstone cutthroat trout

"Main article: Cutthroat trout"
The Yellowstone cutthroat trout ("Oncorhynchus clarkii bouvieri") is a subspecies of the cutthroat trout ("Oncorhynchus clarkii"). It is a freshwater fish in the salmon family (family Salmonidae). It lives in only to a few U.S. states. Its original range was upstream of Shoshone Falls on the Snake River and tributaries in Wyoming, across the Continental Divide in Yellowstone Lake and in the Yellowstone River and its tributaries downstream to the Tongue River in Montana. The species is also found in Idaho, Utah and Nevada.

The Yellowstone cutthroat trout is often golden brown with relatively big spots clustered toward its tail. Its body is compressed like most trout. 

Their population has decreased a little due to overfishing and mining. The most serious threats are interbreeding with introduced rainbow trout to make cutbows in the Greater Yellowstone ecosystem.

Yellowstone cutthroat trout were never officially introduced into the Yellowstone River and their presence there is probably the result of accidental or illegal introductions.


Retno Marsudi

Retno Lestari Priansari Marsudi (born 27 November 1962) is an Indonesian diplomat. She has been Minister for Foreign Affairs in the Cabinet of Joko Widodo since 2014. She is the first female minister in that post. She was the Indonesian Ambassador to the Netherlands from 2012 to 2014. She was also Ambassador to Iceland and Norway from 2005 to 2008.

Marsudi was born in Semarang. She graduated from SMAN 3 Semarang. She graduated from Gadjah Mada University in 1985 in International Relations. She then earned a Master's degree in International European Law & Policy at The Hague University of Applied Science. She also followed the Foreign Ministry training program at the Netherlands Institute of International Relations Clingendael.

Marsudi joined the Ministry of Foreign Affairs after university. Between 1997 and 2001, Marsudi was First Secretary for Economic Affairs at the Indonesian Embassy in The Hague, Netherlands. In 2001, she became Director of Europe and America Affairs. Marsudi was promoted to Director of West Europe Affairs in 2003.

In 2005, Marsudi became the Indonesian Ambassador to Norway and Iceland. She was awarded the Royal Norwegian Order of Merit in December 2011. Marsudi was the first Indonesian to receive the award. She also studied human rights for a short time at the University of Oslo. Marsudi returned to Jakarta and became Director General for European and American Affairs.

President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono made Marsudi Indonesian Ambassador to the Netherlands in 2011. She has also led negotiations and meetings with the EU, ASEM, and FEALAC.

On 27 October 2014, President Joko Widodo made Marsudi Minister of Foreign Affairs.

In 2021, Marsudi was became co-chair – with Karina Gould and Lia Tadesse – of the COVAX Advance Market Commitment (AMC) Engagement Group.

Poor Law

The English Poor Law was an early sort of social security. The Act for the Relief of the Poor in 1601 gave parishes the job of supporting the "deserving poor" - people who couldn't work. People who had property in the parish had to pay rates. The money was used to pay for food and clothing for the poor. Each parish (there were about 1500) decided how they should do this. The parish was only responsible for people who were settled there. People who were not settled were sent back home. People who could work were given work to do. People who would not work could be put in a house of correction - a sort of prison.

After 1948 National Assistance started, instead of the Poor Law. There was still a means test but the earnings of sons and daughters were no longer counted. 

Charlotte Independence

Charlotte Independence is an American soccer team. It is based in Charlotte, North Carolina. The team plays in the USL League One, the third tier of the American soccer pyramid.

In 2023, the Independence played their home games at American Legion Memorial Stadium in the Elizabeth neighborhood of Charlotte. Before this, the Independence played at Ramblewood Soccer Complex and Sportsplex at Matthews.

The teams color's are navy blue and parchment. They wear blue kits at for games at their home field , and grey on the road.

Johnson Suleman

Johnson Suleman (born on 24 March 1971) is a Nigerian pastor, leader and founder of Omega Fire Ministries International, a church based in Auchi, Edo State, Nigeria. Popularly known as Apostle Johnson Suleman, he is one of the most controversial Nigerian religious figures of our time, especially with his sex scandals.

On 4 February 2023, Isaiah Ogedegbe seemed to have defended Johnson Suleman against his sex scandal, describing him as "innocent".

Earlier in February 2023, Johnson Suleman wrote on his Twitter page that the 2023 general election "will be a deciding factor for generations unborn", calling on Nigerians to go to the polling unit on the day of the election to cast votes and ensure their votes are counted.
In January 2023, Portable criticized Johnson Suleman over his convoy attack in one of his songs. He has also been criticized over his "public declarations" as it concerns public policies in Nigeria.

Maitree (TV series)

Maitree is a Indian television series that premeired on 7 February 2023 on Zee TV. It was produced under Sunshine Productions.

The series stars Shrenu Parikh, Bhaweeka Chaudhary, Zaan Khan and Namish Taneja.


The series was announced on Zee TV by Sunshine Productions. Shrenu Parikh, Bhaweeka Chaudhary, Zaan Khan and Namish Taneja were signed as the lead. The launch event for the series was held on 4 February 2023.


Effective method

In mathematics, logic, and related disciplines, an effective metohd or effective procedure is a way of solving a problem. It is defined as follws:


Sometimes, people ask that the method odes not return a result, if it is aplied ot a problem which is not of its class.

In the case of computer science, an effective method is called algorithm.


Lag Ja Gale

Lag Jaa Gale () is a Indian television series that premeired on 7 February 2023 on Zee TV. It was produced by Fazila Allana and Sandiip Sikcand under Sol Production and Sandiip Films.

The series stars Namik Paul and Tanisha Mehta.


The show title is based on the song of the same name, from the 1964 film "Woh Kaun Thi?". The series was announced on Zee TV by Sol Production. Namik Paul and Tanisha Mehta were signed as the lead. The launch event for the series was held on 4 February 2023.

Canutillo, Texas

Canutillo is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in El Paso County, Texas, United States.

Sufferin' Cats

Sufferin' Cats! is a 1943 American animated short movie. It is the 10th "Tom & Jerry" short. The short was first released to theaters in January 16, 1943 by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.

Dog Trouble

Dog Trouble was the 1942 American animated short movie, and also became the 5th "Tom & Jerry's" short theratical movie. This movie including for the first time Spike (also known as Bull Dog). First released in 1942 by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.

Tom's chasing Jerry when he runs, literally, right into the sleeping (and quite nasty), and the unnamed bulldog later named Spike. Spike chases Tom up a lamp; and Jerry's quite amused, until Spike turns on him and traps him into a cockoo clock. Spike trades off between the two of them, until Tom climbs down the lamp, then finds himself dependings on Jerry to help Tom climb the cockoo clock. They're both trapped, and Jerry's got an idea. As Tom keeps Spike distracted, Jerry uses a ball to yarn to tie everything to the next room. And Jerry kicks him, while Mammy Two Shoes comes with her wrath's to take Spike get out of the house. And to the end, the truce of Tom and Jerry ends while the Tom's tail into a mousetrap.


Sheltered workshop

Sheltered workshop means an organization or environment that employs people with disabilities separately from others. Sometimes these places do not have to follow the usual laws for businesses. For example, they can pay the workers less than minimum wage.

Sheltered workshops are often called Australian Disability Enterprises or ADEs. In Australia, employees with intellectual disabilities make up 75% of the ADE workforce. 

In Canada, people are trying to close sheltered workshops. They want people to have supported employment instead. This is when people receive support and help to work a job in the community. They are paid at least minimum wage. For now, many people with intellectual disabilities still work in sheltered workshops. In Canada, most people with intellectual disabilities do not have a job. 

Sheltered workshops are common across Europe.

1994–95 Austrian Cup

The 1994-95 Austrian Cup was Austria's nationwide football cup competition. The official name was "ÖFB Memphis Cup" after the competition sponsor Austria-Tabak-Werke. FK Austria Wien were the defending champions.

Michael Konsel – Peter Schöttel, Zoran Barišić, Michael Hatz, Peter Guggi, Dietmar Kühbauer, Stephan Marasek, Sergey Mandreko (38. Sascha Bürringer), Andreas Heraf, Marcus Pürk (90. Robert Pecl), Maciej Śliwowski <br>coach: Ernst Dokupil
Michael Krenn – Manfred Unger, Dejan Stanković, Christian Pracher, Peter Skrivanek, Günter Reichhold, Tihomir Dragoslavic, Amilton de Oliveira, Walter Schachner, Gerhard Karlsberger (69. Jürgen Auffinger), Kurt Hirschhofer (81. Bernhard Gressl) <br>coach: Milan Miklavic

Nikola Jurčević

Nikola Jurčević (born 14 September 1966) is a Croatian professional football manager and former player who is head coach of the Lebanon national team.

He started his career at Dinamo Zagreb. There he played alongside with Robert Prosinečki and Zvonko Boban. After a conflict with Dinamo's youth coach Belji he went to Royal Antwerp as an 18-year-old. After one year in Belgium he returned and played for FC Zagreb.

In the summer of 1991he signed with Austrian Bundesliga club SV Austria Salzburg. He was Austrian champion with Salzburg in 1994 and 1995 . In 1994 he scored 14 goals and was together with Heimo Pfeifenberger Austrian top scorer. With Salzburg he reached the UEFA Cup final in the 1993/94 season. Another success was the entry into the UEFA Champions League in the following season. 

After his successful years in Austria, he moved to SC Freiburg in the German Bundesliga for two years. There he made 45 appearances and scored 5 goals. After his stay in Germany he went back to Salzburg for a year.

He played 211 matches and scored 51 goals. Most of them he played for SV Austria Salzburg (161 matches-46 goals).

He made his debut for Croatia in a December 1990 against Romania. He came as a 66th-minute substitute for Ivan Cvjetković. He played 19 matches for Craoatia (2 unofficial) and scored 2 goals. Because Croatia was still officially part of Yugoslavia at the time, his first two games were unofficial. His final match was in December 1996 against Morocco.

He started his coaching career in 2003 at his home club Dinamo Zagreb. In 2005 he became coach of his former club SV Austria Salzburg . After the Red Bull take over he was replaced as coach after just two games by Manfred Linzmaier. Then he coached the Croatian first division club NK Slaven Belupo Koprivnica till 2006.

From 2006 to 2017 Jurčević was an assistant to former Croatian national coach Slaven Bilić . (Croatia national team 2006–2012; Lokomotiv Moscow 2012–2013; Beşiktaş Istanbul 2013–2015 ; West Ham United 2015–2017). 2018 he was head coach at Dinamo Zagreb.
2018/19 he was coach of the Azerbaijan national football team. He was dismissed due to Azerbaijan's poor performance during the qualifiers for the 2021 European Championship.

On 2 October 2023, Jurčević was appointed head coach of the Lebanon national team ahead of the 2023 AFC Asian Cup and 2026 FIFA World Cup qualification.

NK Zagreb

Austria Salzburg

Individual

Dinamo Zagreb

Ursus maritimus tyrannus

Ursus maritimus tyrannus is an extinct subspecies of polar bear.

Kanye West albums discography

American rapper and record producer Kanye West has made ten studio albums, three collaborative albums, a compilation album, a stem player-exclusive album, two live albums, a video album and four mixtapes. All ten of his studio albums have been certified at least gold in the United States.

As of June 2021, West has certified 25 million equivalent solo albums. This makes him one of the most highest-certified American musicians.

I Could Break Your Heart Any Day of the Week

"I Could Break Your Heart Any Day of the Week" is a 2009 song by Mandy Moore and is the lead single from her fifth studio album "Amanda Leigh". In 2014 it charted on the airplay in Ukraine.

The Saplings

The Saplings (, ) is a 1972 Russian Georgian comedy movie directed by Revaz Chkheidze and starring Jemal Gaganidze, Ramaz Chkhikvadze, Kakhi Kavsadze and Sesilia Takaishvili.

‏‎
Hole in My Soul

"Hole in My Soul" is a 1997 song by American hard rock band Aerosmith and is taken from their 12th studio album "Nine Lives". It went to number 51 in the United States, number 29 in the United Kingdom and number 4 in Latvia.

Lawrence Wong

Lawrence Wong Shyun Tsai (; born 18 December 1972) is a Singaporean politician, economist and former civil servant. He is serving as Deputy General-Secretary of the People's Action Party, Deputy Prime Minister of Singapore since 2022 and Minister for Finance since 2021. A member of the governing PAP, he has been the Member of Parliament (MP) representing the Limbang division of Marsiling–Yew Tee GRC since 2015.

Wong was born on 18 December 1972 at in the eastern part of Singapore. He is of Hainanese descent and was raised Methodist. 

Growing up, Wong and his family lived in Marine Parade. Wong's father worked as a sales executive while his mother was a teacher at his primary school.

Wong attended Tanjong Katong Primary School, Tanjong Katong Secondary School and Victoria Junior College before going to college.

Wang received a Bachelor of Science with a major in economics from the University of Wisconsin–Madison in 1994. He received a Master of Arts in applied economics from the University of Michigan in 1995. He received a Master in Public Administration from Harvard University in 2004.

Wong began his career as an economist working in the Ministry of Trade and Industry (MTI) in August 1997. He also worked in the Ministry of Finance (MOF) and Ministry of Health (MOH) from January 2002 to May 2005.

Wong served as the principal private secretary to Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong between May 2005 and August 2008.

In September 2008, Wong became deputy chief executive officer of the Energy Market Authority, becoming to chief executive officer on 1 January 2009. He gave up the role on 1 April 2011.

Wong entered politics at the 2011 general election when he contested as part of a five-member People's Action Party (PAP) team in West Coast GRC. The PAP team won with 66.66% of the vote against the Reform Party. Wong was elected as the Member of Parliament representing the section of West Coast GRC. 

From the 2011 general election up to the 2015 general election, Wong served as the Minister of State for Defence and Senior Minister of State for Education, Minister for Culture, Community and Youth and Second Minister for Communications and Information. 

In the 2015 general election, Wong was part of a four-member PAP team contesting in the newly formed Marsiling–Yew Tee GRC. The PAP team won with 68.7% of the vote against the Singapore Democratic Party. Wong was elected as the Member of Parliament representing the Limbang ward of Marsiling–Yew Tee GRC.

From the 2015 general election up to the 2020 general election, Wong served as the Minister for National Development and Second Minister for Finance. 

In the 2020 general election, Wong led a four-member PAP team to contest in Marsiling–Yew Tee GRC again. The PAP team won with 63.18% of the vote against the Singapore Democratic Party. Wong held on to his seat as the Member of Parliament representing Limbang section.

From the 2020 general election onwards, Wong served as Minister for Education and Minister for Finance.

Currently, he is serving as the Minister for Finance. 

On 14 April 2022, Wong was selected as the leader of the PAP's fourth-generation (4G) team, succeeding Deputy Prime Minister Heng Swee Keat, who had stepped down as 4G leader on 8 April 2021. 

Prior to his appointment, a consultation process was held among the fourth-generation ministers of the Cabinet. 

Wong received an "overwhelming majority" of support in the consultation process and received 15 out of 19 of the votes in a vote. 

His candidature was supported by the Cabinet and later, by the PAP MPs at a party caucus on 14 April. His appointment was announced by Prime Minister Lee the same day.

As the new 4G leader, Wong became the planned Lee's successor to the position of prime minister.

On 6 June 2022, a Cabinet reshuffle was announced where Wong was promoted to Deputy Prime Minister, which further made him the next Prime Minister of Singapore.

In addition to becoming Deputy Prime Minister, Wong was also named "Acting Prime Minister" in the PM's absence. He had also taken over responsibility of the Strategy Group in the Prime Minister's Office (PMO). 

Wong is currently married Loo Tze Lui, a former banker currently working in wealth management. She is also on the board of directors of the YMCA in Singapore.

His elder brother is an aerospace engineer.


Akha people

Akha refers to an ethnic group who speak the language of the same name. They mostly live in Burma and China. They also live in countries such as Thailand and Laos. They live in small villages of a high elevation, usually in mountains.

Their close ancestors are the Hani people and the Karen people.

They had made their way from China during the early 20th century. Civil war in Burma and Laos had led this ethnic group to move to Northern Thailand. Because of this, there are now about 80,000 people living in Thailand's northern provinces, such as Chiang Rai and Chiang Mai.

NHS targets

The National Health Service measures how well it is doing by setting what are called targets. These are things that can be counted. The targets are changed over time. The targets, and how they are measured, are different in England, Wales, Scotland and Northern Ireland. None of the targets covering A&E, cancer or waiting times for planned care have been met in the UK since 2016. 

The target which gets most attention is the four-hour target in emergency departments. People should be seen, treated, and admitted to the hospital or sent home in under four hours. This was first measured in 2004. Since 2010 the number of people waiting more than 4 hours has gone up every year. July 2015 was the last month the target was met for 95% of patients in England. There were plans to change the target but in November 2022 it was to stay for at least 2 more years. 
In December 2022 more than 54,500 patients waited over 12 hours in emergency departments in England after doctors decided they needed a hospital bed. That is the highest-ever number and almost treble the figure for May. The Royal College of Emergency Medicine found that people over 80 were spending 16 hours in emergency departments waiting for care or a bed. In 2021 it was 9 hours. Such long waits mean people are less likely to recover. In the winter of 2022/3 there were long delays when ambulances arrived at hospitals and attempted to hand patients over to emergency staff.

In January 2023 Rishi Sunak said he would improve ambulance performance so an average response time of 30 minutes for category 2 emergency calls such as heart attacks and strokes would be met in 2023/24. In December, patients waited over 90 minutes. The official target is 18 minutes.

William Stokoe

William C. Stokoe Jr. was an American linguist and researcher. He is best known for his work on American Sign Language. Stokoe was given the R. R. Liederman Award by the New York Academy of Medicine.

Valerie Sutton

Valerie Sutton (born February 22, 1951) is someone who found a way to write how to move while dancing. She is also a former dancer.

Larry Rivers

Larry Rivers (born Yitzroch Loiza Grossberg) (1923 – 2002) was an American artist, musician, and filmmaker.

Yitzroch Loiza Grossberg was born in the Bronx, New York. He changed his name to Larry Rivers in 1940 when he started his professional jazz career. He played the saxophone. After being in the U.S. Army Air Corps from 1942-43, he studied music at the Juilliard School of Music. There he met jazz musicians Miles Davis and Charlie Parker.

Rivers started painting in 1945 after he saw a show of Cubist paintings. He studied painting with Hans Hoffman, who made abstract expressionist paintings. In 1949 he had his first art show, and he became friends with the poets John Ashbery and Kenneth Koch. The next year he met poet Frank O'Hara. They began to work together on art and poems. They wrote many letters to each other until O'Hara died in 1966.

Rivers is connected to the Pop Art movement. Sometimes he used ordinary things in his paintings like a cigar box or the menu from a bar. One very large work, "History of the Russian Revolution: From Marx to Mayakovsky" used not just paint but actual things he found and attached to the canvas.

Rivers died of liver cancer in 2002 at his home in Southampton, New York.



The Wizard (Black Sabbath song)

"The Wizard" is a 1970 song by English heavy metal band Black Sabbath. The song is on their first studio album "Black Sabbath". On music charts, it went to number 4 in the United Kingdom and number 61 in the United States.

Electronic health record

An electronic health record is a way of keeping the record of a person's health problems and treatments in electronic form so that it can be shared by health workers in different places. It can let people see their own health records and add to them. They also let scientists study many records so they can see patterns. They are also used to make bills. 

Getting these records shared over large areas and between different organisations takes a long time and costs a lot of money. When it is done it can save a lot of time and money.

Deadlines to set up shared electronic records in various parts of the English National Health Service have been missed several times. The latest plan was to "raise every NHS trust to a “core” level of digitisation by March 2025". When NHS Digital was closed in 2023 the money was mostly used for other things.

Electronic health record is the a more comprehensive version of Electronic medical record that includes data from all providers and settings where a patient receives care.

Council Tax

Council Tax is a local taxation system used in England, Scotland and Wales. It started in 1993 when Poll tax was stopped. 

Every home is put into a band (A to H) in England and Scotland or (A to I) in Wales depending on the value of it. It is collected by the local authority. There is only one band for homes valued (in 1991) above £320,000 in England. 

If only 1 person lives there they only have to pay 75% of the tax. 

Some homes and some people do not have to pay.

Make Believe (Toto song)

"Make Believe" is a 1982 song by American rock band Toto and is the second single from their fourth studio album "Toto IV". It went to number 30 in the United States.

LA Knight

Shaun Ricker (born November 1, 1982) is an American professional wrestler and actor. He works for the WWE using the ring name LA Knight on the SmackDown brand. He is also known for his time in Impact Wrestling as Eli Drake.

Ricker began his wrestling career in 2003. In 2013, he started working with WWE. He worked in NXT using the Slate Randall. He was released in 2014. He signed with Impact Wrestling in 2015. Ricker found success at Impact. He won the Impact World Champion and the TNA King of the Mountain Champion. He also won the Impact World Tag Team Champion with Scott Steiner. Ricker also won Impact's Feast or Fired briefcase two times.

Ricker left Impact in 2019. He signed with NWA. He was the NWA World Tag Team Champion with James Storm. He left the NWA in 2021 to rejoin WWE. He returned to NXT and was renamed LA Knight. He was moved to the main roster in 2022. Ricker was given a manager role as a talent agent named Max Dupri. He led the Maximum Male Models group. A few months later, he left the group and changed back to his LA Knight persona and started wrestling again. He quickly got a large amount of fan support because of his promo skills. He was booked to lose most of his matches at this time. This changed because of the support he got from fans.

Outside of wrestling, Ricker appeared as a cast member on Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson's 2013 reality series"The Hero." He had a small role in a 2015 episode of the comedy series "Brooklyn Nine-Nine." He also provided the motion capture for other WWE wrestlers in many of the "WWE 2K" series of video games.

Ricker started his career on February 15, 2002, at the National Wrestling Alliance Wildside, a Georgia-based promotion, using the name Deuce. On that day, he teamed up with Onyx, and they lost a match to Johnny Psycho and Shadow Jackson.

In May 2003, he joined the Heartland Wrestling Association (HWA), an Ohio-based promotion, where he continued to use the name Deuce. On November 9, 2004, he became the HWA Television Champion after defeating JT Stahr. He held the title until January 4, 2005, when Brian Beech became the new champion.

Starting in May 2005, he adopted the ring name Dick Rick. On October 31, 2006, he left the promotion after losing a match for the HWA Heavyweight Championship, with his career in the promotion at stake.

Cornufer caesiops

Cornufer caesiops is a frog. It lives in the Nakanai Mountains on New Britain Island in Papua New Guinea.

Scripture Union

Scripture Union is a religious organization known all over the world to focus on children and young adults, teaching them Christian values. It was founded in 1867 by Josiah Spiers.

Laura Bailey

Laura Bailey (born May 28, 1981) is an American voice actress. Some of the characters she voiced are Lucina in the "Fire Emblem" franchise, Blaze the Cat in "Sonic the Hedgehog", and Chun-Li from "Street Fighter". She won the BAFTA for Best Performer in a Leading Role and Best Performance at The Game Awards for her role as Abby in "The Last of Us Part II".

Joel Fry

Joel Fry is a British actor and musician.

Buena, New Jersey

Buena is a borough in Atlantic County, New Jersey, United States.

Folsom, New Jersey

Folsom is a borough in Atlantic County, New Jersey, United States.

Longport, New Jersey

Longport is a borough in Atlantic County, New Jersey, United States.

Dimitri Tiomkin

Dimitri Zinovievich Tiomkin (May 10, 1894 - November 11, 1979) is a Russian-born American film composer and conductor.

Dimitri Tiomkin was born in Kremenchuk, Poltava Governorate, Ukraine.

Dimitri Tiomkin died in London, England in 1979 two weeks after fracturing his pelvis in a fall.


Albermarie, Louisiana

Albermarle is an unincorporated community in Assumption Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Lists of monarchs

List of monarchs may refer to:


Note: The list includes both current monarchies and current countries that have abolished the monarchy.


Note: These countries no longer exist and neither does the monarchy.



Milton, Louisiana

Milton is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Lafayette Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Graeme Wood (cricketer)

Graeme Malcolm Wood was born 6 December, 1956 in East Fremantle, Western Australia. He was an Australian cricketer who played 59 tests and 83 one-day internationals for Australia. He played at the 1983 Cricket World Cup in England.

Chris Foggin

Chris Foggin is an English movie director and screenwriter.

Matt Williams (TV producer)

Mark Williams known as Matt Williams or Matthew Williams is a television producer, television writer, and professor from United States.

Minimum unit pricing

Minimum unit pricing is a way of getting people to drink less alcohol. A price is set for a unit of alcohol and people are not allowed to sell it for less. 

There have been rules about this in Canada for some time. In 2018 Scotland set a limit of £0.50 for eight grams of alcohol. The Northern Territory, Australia set a limit in October 2018, Wales in 2020 and Ireland in 2022. The effects have been studied. Fewer people ended up in hospital because of drinking after these rules started. 

What You Need (INXS song)

"What You Need" is a 1985 song by Australian new wave band INXS and is the leading single from their fifth studio album "Listen Like Thieves". It went to number 2 in Australia, number 5 in the United States, number 14 in New Zealand, number 21 in Canada and number 51 in the United Kingdom.

UK 7" INXS 12

UK 12" single INXS 512

I'll Be Over You

"I'll Be Over You" is a 1986 song by American rock band Toto. It was released as the lead single to their sixth studio album "Fahrenheit" and went to number 11 in the United States, number 13 in Canada and number 38 in the Netherlands.


Full-time equivalent

Full-time equivalent (FTE) is a way of counting the number of people working. An FTE of 1.0 means a full-time worker or student, while an FTE of 0.5 means half of a full time person.

It is often used to tell how many people would work at a company if they worked full time. 10 people working 50% are 5 FTEs.

2023 Turkey–Syria earthquake

| type = Strike-slip, supershear, doublet

On 6 February 2023 at 04:17 a.m. TRT (01:17 a.m. UTC) there was a very strong earthquake in Gaziantep Province in southeastern Turkey, west of the city of Gaziantep at 04:17 AM TRT. The maximum Mercalli intensity was XII (Extreme), and a magnitude of 7.8 was given. It was equal to the 7.8 magnitude 1939 Erzincan earthquake as the strongest recorded earthquake to hit Turkey in modern times. Only the 7.8–8.0 magnitude 1668 North Anatolia earthquake was more powerful.

It is the deadliest earthquake in the history of Turkey since the 1268 Cilicia earthquake, and has surpassed the 1939 Erzincan earthquake, which killed 32,700–32,968 people, as the deadliest earthquake of the Republic of Turkey, and it is the deadliest worldwide since the 2010 Haiti earthquake.

After the earthquake, there were several aftershocks. The strongest of them had a magnitude of 7.5 that occurred in Kahramanmaraş.

As of 18 February, more than 46,400 deaths have been reported in total; more than 40,600 in Turkey and more than 5,800 in Syria. Most of the aid effort focused on Turkey. There is a civil war in Syria, and accessing the areas affected is more difficult. For this reason, the numbers given for Syria are likely less accurate than those given for Turkey.

The earthquake is estimated to have caused US$84.1 billion worth of damage in Turkey alone, making it the fourth-costliest earthquake on record, and one of the costliest natural disasters ever recorded.

The Turkish government carried out a damage assessment of 763,000 buildings in 13 provinces affected by the earthquake. It was determined that 41,791 buildings collapsed or were badly damaged and are in urgent need of demolition.

Many people have criticized the government. Critics point out the following issues, amongst others:


Virtual wards

A virtual ward is a way of giving support to people in their own homes who might have been in hospital. The idea in England was started in Croydon in 2006. It won four prizes at the 2006 Health Service Journal Awards

Sometimes this is done to keep people out of hospital, and sometimes to get them out. 

There is regular communication with nurses and doctors, some by telephone and some electronic. They will check the persons measurements so they can see if they are getting better or worse. Patients are reviewed daily and the ‘ward round’ may involve a home visit or take place through video technology. 

NHS England said in April 2022 it wanted to have at least 40 virtual beds per 100,000 population by December 2023.

The COVID-19 pandemic in the United Kingdom caused huge pressure on hospitals. Remote patient monitoring using pulse oximeters meant that Covid patients could be kept out of hospital. The oximeter readings went into an app which analysed them in case medical attention was required. More virtual wards for other problems were started. In December 2022 there were about 10,000 patients treated in these “virtual” beds. In October 2023 it was agreed to expand the services for people suffering from heart failure. 

Pulitzer Prize for Poetry

The Pulitzer Prize for Poetry is one of the seven American Pulitzer Prizes given every year for "Books, Drama, and Music". It was first given in 1922.

The prize is given "For a distinguished volume of original verse by an American author." That means it is given for an important book of original poetry. The book must be published during the calendar year before the prize is given.

Since 1980, two finalists (other important books) have been named at the same time as the winner.

Before the establishment of the award, the 1918 and 1919 Pulitzer cycles included three Pulitzer Prize Special Citations and Awards (called at the time the Columbia University Poetry Prize) for poetry books funded by "a special grant from The Poetry Society."

In its first 92 years to 2013, the Pulitzer Prize for Poetry was awarded 92 times. Two were given in 2008, none in 1946. Robert Frost won the prize four times and some other poets won it more than once).







Indented entries are finalists after each year's winner.

Indented entries are finalists after each year's winner.


Indented entries are finalists after each year's winner. Two prizes were awarded in 2008.


Indented entries are finalists after each year's winner. 


Indented entries are finalists after each year's winner. 


Ifeanyi Okowa

Ifeanyichukwu Arthur Okowa (born on July 16, 1959), simply known as Ifeanyi Okowa is a Nigerian physician and politician. He is the former executive governor of Delta State and the vice-presidential candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party in the 2023 general election in Nigeria. He handed over power to Governor Sheriff Oborevwori.

Libby Schaaf

Elizabeth Beckman Schaaf (born November 12, 1965) is an American politician. She was the 50th Mayor of Oakland, California from 2015 to 2023. She is a member of the Democratic Party.

Sheng Thao

Sheng Thao (born July 18, 1985) is an American politician. She is the 51st and current Mayor of Oakland, California since 2023. She is the first Hmong-American mayor of a major city in the United States.

Steve Laffey

Stephen Laffey (born 1962) is an American politician, businessman, author and filmmaker. He is the former Republican mayor of Cranston, Rhode Island from 2003 to 2007. He ran for the United States Senate in 2006. 

In February 2023, Laffey announced his candidacy for President of the United States in the 2024 election. In October 2023, he withdrew from the race and the Republican Party to become an Independent.

Mike Rogers (Michigan politician)

Michael J. Rogers (born June 2, 1963) is an American former law enforcement officer and politician. He was the U.S. representative for from 2001 to 2015. He is a member of the Republican Party. He was a CNN national security news commentator. 

Community diagnostic centre

A community diagnostic centre is a place where people can go for medical tests in England. They were started in 2021 because of the the COVID-19 pandemic. It was important to keep people out of hospitals where they were more likely to get diseases. There were 40 centres at first. £350 million was there for the first year. £2.3 billion was set aside for up to 160 of the centres by March 2025.

Most of them are on health care sites, with about 20% in shopping centres and similar places. By October 2022 92 centres had opened and they had done two million tests, checks, and scans. They are run by private companies. In August 2023 the government announced 13 new centres. They can deliver 742,000 more tests a year. 8 will be run by the private sector.

People can get MRI scans, ultrasound, X-ray, breast screening, phlebotomy and bone density scans.

Chipola, Louisiana

Chipola is an unincorporated community in St. Helena Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Liverpool University Hospitals Foundation Trust

Liverpool University Hospitals Foundation Trust is an NHS trust which runs Aintree University Hospital, Broadgreen Hospital, Liverpool University Dental Hospital and the Royal Liverpool University Hospital. It started in 2019. Royal Liverpool University Hospital was rebuilt from 2013 to 2022. It took a long time because the building firm, Carillion, went bust. 

It has the largest emergency department in the United Kingdom.

The new building has fewer beds than the old one. There are 640 single rooms so people get more sleep and get better more quickly. The old hospital often had to close parts because of the COVID-19 pandemic in the United Kingdom. That doesnt happen in the new hospital. 

In October 2022 the main corridor at Aintree Hospital was closed and turned into a ‘makeshift ward’ so that people could be brought out of the ambulances.

Imperial College Healthcare Trust

Imperial College Healthcare NHS Trust is an NHS trust based in London. It works closely with Imperial College London. It started in 2007. It rune five hospitals: Charing Cross Hospital; Hammersmith Hospital; Queen Charlotte's and Chelsea Hospital; St Mary's Hospital and Western Eye Hospital. In 2019/20 it had a turnover of £1.3 billion. It employed about 13,000 people and treated about 1.3 million people.

Cornufer admiraltiensis

Cornufer admiraltiensis is a frog. It lives on the Manus and Negros Islands in Papua New Guinea. These islands are part of the Admiralty Group of Islands. Scientists found this frog near Tulu Village, 20 meters above sea level.

Charles Frederick, Grand Duke of Baden

Charles Frederick (22 November 1728 – 10 June 1811) was Margrave, Elector and later Grand Duke of Baden (initially only Margrave of Baden-Durlach) from 1738 until his death.

Charles Frederick and Caroline Louise had the following children:


Charles and Louise Caroline, Baroness Geyer of Geyersberg They had the following children:

Lists of rulers of Egypt

Lists of rulers of Egypt:



List of monarchs by time

A monarch is the head of a monarchy, a form of government in which a state is ruled by an individual who normally rules for life or until abdication, and typically inherits the throne by birth. Monarchs may be autocrats (as in all absolute monarchies) or may be ceremonial figureheads, exercising only limited or no reserve powers at all, with actual authority vested in a legislature and/or executive cabinet (as in many constitutional monarchies). In many cases, a monarch will also be linked with a state religion. Most states only have a single monarch at any given time, although a regent may rule when the monarch is a minor, not present, or otherwise incapable of ruling. Cases in which two monarchs rule simultaneously over a single state, as is the current situation in Andorra, are known as coregencies.

Kora Pakhi

Kora Pakhi is a Bengali language soap opera on Indian television that started airing on Primer and Star Jalsha on 13 January 2020. It is also available on digital platform Hotstar . 

Aman is a tribal village girl. Who hopes to become a journalist in a Calcutta paper.


Kora Pakhi on IMdb

Bagmati Province

Bagmati Province () is one of the seven provinces of Nepal. Until 2020, it was called Province No. 3. It was named after the Bagmati River. The government of the province is in the city of Hetauda. Kathmandu, the capital of Nepal, is in the province.

Bagmati Province has an area of 20,300 km which is about 13.79% of the total area of Nepal. In 2021, about 6 million people lived there.

Summary Care Record

A Summary Care Record (SCR) is an electronic patient record. It has National Health Service facts on a central database covering England. The idea is that anywhere that a person goes for treatment, for example if they are staying away from their home or if they cannot talk, people will be able to find out about them.

It has 


In 2022 the Department of Health and Social Care told the integrated care systems to set up shared care records which health and adult social care services could use by 2024. This replaces the summary care record programme.

Madhesh Provincial Assembly

The Provincial Assembly of Madhesh Province (Nepali/Maithili: मधेश प्रदेश सभा) is a unicameral governing and law making body of Madhesh Province, Nepal. It is at Janakpur, the province capital of Madhesh Province, with 107 members.

After the NC-PSP-N alliance since 2021, the current Chief Minister of Madhesh Province and Leader of the House is Mohammad Lalbabu Raut and Ram Saroj Yadav is the deputy chief minister. The Speaker of the Assembly is Saroj Kumar Yadav. Hari Shankar Mishra is the current Governor of Madhesh Province.

Bagmati Provincial Assembly

The Provincial Assembly of Bagmati Province also known as the Bagmati Pradesh Sabha, (Nepali: वाग्मती प्रदेश सभा) is a unicameral governing and law making body of Bagmati Province, one of the seven provinces in Nepal The assembly is seated in the provincial capital at Hetauda in Makwanpur District at the Regional Educational Directorate Office. The assembly has 110 members of whom 66 are elected through first-past-the-post voting and 44 of whom are elected through proportional representation. The term of the assembly is five years unless dissolved earlier.

The present First Provincial Assembly was constituted in 2017 after the 2017 provincial elections. The election resulted in a majority for the alliance of CPN (Unified Marxist–Leninist) and CPN (Maoist Centre). The next election will take place when the five-year term ends by November 2022.

The Provincial Assembly of Bagmati Province is formed under Article 175 of the Constitution of Nepal 2015 which guarantees a provincial legislative for each province in the country. The first provincial elections were conducted for all seven provinces in Nepal and the elections in Bagmati Province was conducted for 110 seats to the assembly. The election resulted in a victory for the CPN (Unified Marxist–Leninist) and CPN (Maoist Centre) alliance which later went on to form a coalition government under Dormani Poudel from CPN (UML). The first meeting of the assembly was called by Governor Anuradha Koirala for 1 February 2018. Sanu Kumar Shrestha from the CPN (UML) was elected as the first speaker of the provincial assembly, and Radhika Tamang from Maoist Centre was elected as the first deputy speaker. In May 2018, the two parties merged and formed the Nepal Communist Partywhich had a supermajority in the assembly.

Article 195 of the Constitution of Nepal provides provincial assemblies the power to form special committees in order to manage working procedures.


Titli (TV series)

Titli is a popular Indian television series. which was telecast on Star Jalsa from 13th July 2020. Madhupriya Chowdhury, Aryan Bhowmik played the lead roles.


Bahadur Singh Lama

Bahadur Singh Lama Tamang is a building contractor, Nepali politician and currently serving as member of the Bagmati Provincial Assembly. He is also leader of the Opposition in the Bagmati Provincial Assembly from Nepali Congress. He had previously served as the member of the House of Representatives of the federal parliament of Nepal, elected through the proportional representation system from Nepali Congress and member of the Development Committee of the House of Representatives.

Garapan

Garapan (Old Japanese name: 柄帆町, "Garapan-chō") is the largest village on the island of Saipan, Northern Mariana Islands. It is also the center of the tourism industry on the island. Garapan has an area of and a population of 3,588 (census of population, 2000). It is a census-designated place.

Healthcare in the United Kingdom

Most healthcare in the United Kingdom comes from the National Health Service. NHS treatment is free. There are charges for prescriptions, dentistry and glasses, but not everybody has to pay. The UK spent about 20% less per person than similar countries from 2010 to 2022.

In 2023 the Institute for Fiscal Studies produced a report saying that the number of people working for the NHS in England will rise from around 1.5 million in 2021-22 to between 2.3 and 2.4 million in 2036-37. That would be about one in 11 workers and half of all public sector workers.

People can pay for medical treatment. Some people pay because they dont want to wait. The NHS does not do cosmetic treatment. It will not do things the National Institute for Health and Care Excellence does not consider good value. Dentists and opticians are private businesses which mostly offer private treatment as well as NHS treatment. General practitioners are mostly private businesses but very few do private work.

NHS hospitals are allowed to do private work. It must not be more than 50% of their income. Only a few specialist NHS hospitals in London do a lot of private work.

In 2022 about 1.7 million people in the UK had private health insurance.

In 2020 there were 187 private hospitals in the United Kingdom with 7956 beds.

66,000 of the 200,000 non-NHS patients treated in the private hospitals between July and September 2022 paid themselves. The rest were covered by health insurance. Most of the private hospitals do work for the NHS as well as that paid for privately. As most do not have intensive care units they mostly do easier work on people who are younger and healthier so the NHS is left with the more difficult work. If things go wrong with private patients they may have to be sent by ambulance to an NHS hospital.

The number of people waiting a long time for tests or operations has gone up, so more people are paying for them to be done privately.

A lot more mental health care is run commercially than physical care. About 30% of mental health hospital beds are private, and 97% of "locked ward rehabilitation" beds. Almost all of this is paid for by the NHS.

Long term care in nursing homes in England is almost all private.


William Heirens

William Heirens, known as the lipstick killer, was a convicted murderer of three females (Josephine Ross, 43, Frances Brown, 33, and Suzanne Degnan, 6). He was sentenced to life imprisonment, after a notorious message written in lipstick.

On June 26, 1946, 17-year-old William Heirens was arrested for attempted burglary.

According to Heirens, he drifted into unconsciousness under questioning and was interrogated around the clock for six consecutive days, beaten, and starved. He was not allowed to see his parents for four days. He was also refused the opportunity to speak to a lawyer for six days.

Josh Allen (quarterback)

Joshua Patrick Allen (born May 21, 1996) is an American football player. He is currently the starting quarterback for the Buffalo Bills of the National Football League (NFL). Allen played college football at Wyoming after transferring there from Reedley College, a community college in California, where he grew up. After playing well at Wyoming, he was selected by the Bills in the NFL Draft. He has since broken many records for the team. He has led them to the playoffs three times. He is known for his very strong arm while throwing the football and ability to run with the ball.

Allen grew up on a farm, which he often helped his family with. He played three sports. Because he didn't go to a more famous school and was quite skinny at the time, he was overlooked by many colleges with Division I football teams, including his local Fresno State Bulldogs. He had to play one year at a community college called Reedley College. The University of Wyoming gave him a chance after looking over his high school and Reedley College film.

After being rejected by Eastern Michigan and Fresno State one last time, Allen committed to Wyoming. He enrolled there before the 2015 season, after they gave him a scholarship. He had grown from 6'3" and 180 pounds to 6'5" and 210 pounds. In his first year, he broke his collarbone during his first game and had to sit out the rest of the year. He played through his next two years at Wyoming, helping the football team win many games.

Allen was picked 7th overall by the Buffalo Bills in the 2018 NFL Draft. In his first year, he struggled a bit, but had a good game against the Minnesota Vikings. He not only helped Buffalo win, but jumped over Anthony Barr, a linebacker just as big as he was. Allen missed four games after hurting his right elbow, but came back and did a little better. He finished with a very good game against the Miami Dolphins in which he scored 5 total touchdowns. He ended up breaking several rookie records for the team that year, even though he was not very accurate throwing the ball.

Allen improved a little more in 2019 and led the Bills to a playoff game. He did even better in 2020 after working on his technique. He passed for over 4,500 yards and 37 touchdowns. He completed nearly 70 percent of his passes, the fourth best rate that season, after two years of being one of the least accurate quarterbacks in the league. His rapid improvement surprised even some people at ESPN, who thought he would never play this well. The Bills also won 13 games that year and made it to the AFC Championship game, where they lost to Patrick Mahomes and the Kansas City Chiefs. Since then, the Bills have won two more divisional championships under Allen, who remains one of the best quarterbacks in the league. The Bills rematched with the Chiefs in the 2021 NFL playoffs, playing a tight game until the Chiefs won in overtime after tying the game with only 13 seconds left in the 4th quarter.

Stefon Diggs

Stefon Marsean Diggs (born November 29, 1993) is an American football wide receiver for the Buffalo Bills of the National Football League (NFL). He played college football at Maryland. He was drafted by the Minnesota Vikings in the fifth round of the 2015 NFL Draft.

Von Miller

Vonnie B'VSean Miller (born March 26, 1989) is an American football outside linebacker for the Buffalo Bills of the National Football League (NFL). Miller played college football at Texas A&M. There he earned an All-American award and the Butkus Award. He was selected by the Denver Broncos second overall in the 2011 NFL Draft.

Tremaine Edmunds

Fe'Zahn Tremaine Edmunds (born May 2, 1998) is an American football linebacker for the Buffalo Bills of the National Football League (NFL). He played college football at Virginia Tech and was drafted by the Bills in the first round of the 2018 NFL Draft.

Case Keenum

Casey Austin Keenum (born February 17, 1988) is an American football quarterback for the Houston Texans of the National Football League (NFL). He played college football for Houston. After being signed by the Houston Texans as an undrafted free agent in 2012, Keenum threw for 1,760 yards and 9 touchdowns in the eight games he started for the Texans, before being let go prior to the 2014 season. He was then signed to the St. Louis Rams' practice squad and then re-signed with the Texans later in 2014. In 2015, the Rams (who later relocated to Los Angeles) traded a draft pick to the Texans for Keenum, where he played until signing as a free agent with the Minnesota Vikings in 2017.

After starter Sam Bradford was injured, Keenum came in and had a career year, setting highs in starts, passing yards, completions, and touchdowns. He led the Vikings to a 13-win regular season, followed by a last-second win, known as the Minneapolis Miracle, over the New Orleans Saints in the playoffs. Following that, Keenum played for the Denver Broncos, the Washington Redskins and the Cleveland Browns. He is known for being a journeyman quarterback by having played for seven different NFL teams. 

Dawson Knox

Dawson Alan Knox (born November 14, 1996) is an American football tight end for the Buffalo Bills of the National Football League (NFL). He played college football at Ole Miss.


Tyler Bass

Tyler Bass (born February 14, 1997) is an American football placekicker for the Buffalo Bills of the National Football League (NFL). He played college football at Georgia Southern and was drafted by the Bills in the sixth round of the 2020 NFL Draft.

N'Keal Harry

N'Keal Harry (born December 17, 1997) is an American football wide receiver for the Chicago Bears of the National Football League (NFL). He played college football at Arizona State. He was selected by the New England Patriots as the final first round pick of the 2019 NFL Draft. Harry spent his first three seasons with the Patriots before being traded to the Bears in 2022.

Equanimeous St. Brown

Equanimeous Tristan Imhotep J. St. Brown (born September 30, 1996) is an American football wide receiver for the Chicago Bears of the National Football League (NFL). He played college football at Notre Dame and was drafted by the Green Bay Packers in the sixth round of the 2018 NFL Draft.

Chase Claypool

Chase Claypool (born July 7, 1998) is a Canadian professional American football wide receiver for the Miami Dolphins of the National Football League (NFL). He played college football at Notre Dame and was drafted by the Pittsburgh Steelers in the second round of the 2020 NFL Draft.

Josh Allen (offensive lineman)

Josh Nathanial Allen (born December 30, 1991) is a former American football center. He played college football at the University of Louisiana at Monroe and attended Cedar Hill High School in Cedar Hill, Texas. He has been a member of the Tampa Bay Buccaneers, Green Bay Packers, San Francisco 49ers, Arizona Cardinals, Arizona Hotshots, and Dallas Renegades.

Josh Allen (outside linebacker)

Joshua Allen (born July 13, 1997) is an American football outside linebacker for the Jacksonville Jaguars of the National Football League (NFL). He played college football at Kentucky, where he received Unanimous All-American honors, and was selected seventh overall by the Jaguars in the 2019 NFL Draft. During his rookie season, Allen was named to the Pro Bowl.

DK Metcalf

DeKaylin Zecharius "DK" Metcalf (born December 14, 1997) is an American football wide receiver for the Seattle Seahawks of the National Football League (NFL). He played college football at Ole Miss. He is the son of former NFL guard Terrence Metcalf.

Kenneth Walker III (running back)

Kenneth Walker III (born October 20, 2000) is an American football running back for the Seattle Seahawks of the National Football League (NFL). He played college football at Wake Forest and Michigan State. He won the Walter Camp and Doak Walker Awards in 2021.

Kenneth Walker III (wide receiver)

Kenneth Walker III (born April 1, 1994) is an American football wide receiver. He played college football for the UCLA Bruins from 2012 to 2016. He was also a sprinter on the UCLA track and field team. Walker played for the Winnipeg Blue Bombers of the Canadian Football League (CFL) in 2019 and for the Pittsburgh Maulers of the United States Football League (USFL) in 2022.

Geno Smith

Eugene Cyril "Geno" Smith III (born October 10, 1990) is an American football quarterback for the Seattle Seahawks of the National Football League (NFL). He played college football at West Virginia, leading the Mountaineers to multiple bowl games, breaking numerous passing records, and garnering multiple awards before getting drafted by the New York Jets in the second round of the 2013 NFL Draft.

Caspar Richter

Caspar Richter (16 September 1944 – 2 February 2023) was a German conductor. He was the chief conductor of the Vereinigte Bühnen Wien for 23 years.

Justin Herbert

Justin Patrick Herbert (born March 10, 1998) is an American football quarterback for the Los Angeles Chargers of the National Football League (NFL). He played college football at Oregon, where he won the 2019 Pac-12 Championship and was named MVP of the 2020 Rose Bowl. He was selected by the Chargers sixth overall in the 2020 NFL Draft.

Asante Samuel Jr.

Asante Samuel Jr. (born October 3, 1999) is an American football cornerback for the Los Angeles Chargers of the National Football League (NFL). He played college football at Florida State and was drafted by the Chargers in the second round of the 2021 NFL Draft. He is the son of former NFL cornerback Asante Samuel.

Joey Bosa

Joseph Anthony Bosa (; born July 11, 1995) is an American football outside linebacker for the Los Angeles Chargers of the National Football League (NFL). He played college football at Ohio State and was selected third overall by the (then San Diego) Chargers in the 2016 NFL Draft, where he was named NFL Defensive Rookie of the Year. Bosa has since been seen as one of the best pass rushers in the NFL. He is the son of former NFL player John Bosa and the older brother of current NFL player Nick Bosa. 

Jamaal Williams

Jamaal Malik Williams (born April 3, 1995) is an American football running back for the Detroit Lions of the National Football League (NFL). He played college football at BYU and was drafted by the Green Bay Packers in the fourth round of the 2017 NFL Draft.


Amani Oruwariye

Amani Oruwariye (born February 9, 1996) is an American football cornerback for the Detroit Lions of the National Football League (NFL). He played college football at Penn State.


Malcolm Rodriguez

Malcolm Luciano Rodriguez (born March 29, 1999) is an American football linebacker for the Detroit Lions of the National Football League (NFL). He played college football at Oklahoma State.


2023 Detroit Lions season

The 2023 season will be the Detroit Lions' 94th season in the National Football League and their third under the head coach/general manager tandem of Dan Campbell and Brad Holmes.
NFL teams will be able to sign free agents starting March 15, at 12 p.m. EST.

Notes


The Lions' preseason opponents and schedule will be announced in the spring.

Listed below are the Lions' opponents for 2023. Exact dates and times will be announced in the spring.

Dan Campbell

Daniel Allen Campbell (born April 13, 1976), nicknamed "Motor City Dan Campbell", or "MCDC" for short, is an American football coach and a former tight end who is the head coach for the Detroit Lions of the National Football League (NFL). He previously served as the assistant head coach and tight ends coach for the New Orleans Saints from 2016 to 2020 and also served as an assistant coach for the Miami Dolphins from 2010 to 2015, most recently as the interim head coach and tight ends coach.

Amari Cooper

Amari Cooper (born June 17, 1994) is an American football wide receiver for the Cleveland Browns of the National Football League (NFL). He played college football at Alabama, where he was the Biletnikoff Award winner as the nation's top receiver and a unanimous All-American in 2014. Widely considered the top wide receiver prospect of the 2015 NFL Draft, Cooper was selected with the fourth overall pick by the Oakland Raiders.

Myles Garrett

Myles Lorenz Garrett (born December 29, 1995) is an American football defensive end for the Cleveland Browns of the National Football League (NFL). He played college football at Texas A&M, where he received unanimous All-American honors in 2016, and was selected first overall by the Browns in the 2017 NFL Draft. Garrett has been named to four Pro Bowls and two first-team All-Pros during his NFL career.

Omid Ahmadisafa

Omid Ahmadisafa (born 24 September 1992) is an Iranian kickboxer.

In 2021,has received permission from Iran’s boxing federation to travel to Italy, where he left his hotel and never returned. He is now training and living in Germany.

Kansas City Monarchs

The Kansas City Monarchs were an American baseball team. They were the the longest-running team in the history of the Negro leagues. The team played in Kansas City, Missouri. It was owned by J. L. Wilkinson. They were members of the Negro National League from 1920 to 1930. In 1930, the Monarchs became the first professional baseball team to use a portable lighting system. It was moved from game to game in trucks to play games at night. They used the system for five years before any major league team did. The Monarchs won ten league championships before integration. They won the first Negro League World Series in 1924. The Monarchs had only one season without a winning record. The team had more major league players than any other Negro league franchise. It was disbanded in 1965.

Players and managers listed in bold are depicted on their Hall of Fame plaques wearing a Monarchs cap insignia. An asterisk (*) denotes the player is depicted on Hall of Fame plaque without a cap insignia or with the cap insignia obscured but the Hall of Fame recognizes Monarchs as "Primary Team"
In February 2021, the team's name was revived by a Kansas City, Kansas, minor league team, the Kansas City T-Bones. The name was approved through a negotiation with the Negro Leagues Baseball Museum.

The Kansas City Royals have worn uniforms based on those worn by the Monarchs during regular-season baseball games several times. They have been worn on July 14, 2001 (at Pittsburgh), July 1, 2007, and May 30, 2009 (at home vs. Chicago White Sox), June 9, 2012 (at Pittsburgh), July 21, 2012, and June 23, 2019 (both at home vs. Minnesota), August 24, 2013 (at home vs. Washington), May 18, 2014 (at home vs. Baltimore), May 17, 2015 (at home vs. New York Yankees), May 15, 2016 (at home vs. Atlanta), May 7, 2017 (at home vs. Cleveland), and August 13, 2022 (at home vs. Los Angeles ). The jerseys worn during home games have usually been auctioned as a fundraiser for the Negro Leagues Baseball Museum.


Three-strikes law

Three-strikes laws, or habitual offender laws, are laws that impact the punishment for a crime. Under a three-strikes law, if a person was convicted of three serious crimes, they will have to go to prison for life after their third crime. Three-strikes laws are used in many states of the USA. They are part of the United States Justice Department's Anti-Violence Strategy.

In most states, only crimes at the felony level qualify as serious crimes. In some places, only violent felonies qualify as serious.

The expression "Three strikes and you are out" comes from baseball. If a batter gets three strikes, they strike out.

The idea of giving longer prison sentences to repeat criminals is not new. Judges often consider earlier crimes when deciding the punishment. However, in most cases, laws did not require a longer prison sentence. There is a more recent history of mandatory prison sentences for repeat criminals. 

During Prohibition, the state of Michigan made one of the harshest laws against carrying alcohol in the nation. The law required a life sentence for those breaking alcohol laws for the fourth time. In 1928, Etta Mae Miller, a mother of four, was found guilty under this law. People were very angry at the state.

The first true "three-strikes" law was passed in 1993, when Washington voters approved Initiative 593. California passed its own in 1994, when their voters passed Proposition 184, with 72% voting yes and 28% voting no. The initiative proposed to the voters had the title of "Three Strikes and You're Out". This meant a person would go to prison for life after three violent or serious felonies.

The idea quickly spread to other states, but none of them chose to adopt a law as extensive as California's. By 2004, twenty-six states and the federal government had laws that can be called "three-strikes" laws. Each of these laws said that a third felony conviction brings a sentence of 20 years to life in prison. The person must serve 20 years before they can qualify for parole. A 1997 study found that in California, "the three-strikes law did not decrease serious crime or petty theft rates below the level expected on the basis of preexisting trends."

Westpac Outstanding Women Award

The Westpac Outstanding Women Award (WOW Award) rewards women in Papua New Guinea whose work significantly improves life in the country. The women who win this award are leaders in the country. 2012 WOW Award Winner, Susil Nelson-Kongoi, said: "Despite being one of the most resource rich nations on earth, Papua New Guinea still ranks as one of the world’s poorest in terms of economic capacity." Like many other countries, women do not have equality in Papua New Guinea. This award encourages higher status for women. The women who win improve the economy of Papua New Guinea. It rewards specific women who have done a lot of hard work to change the status of women. The award is for women in many different kinds of work. The winners inspire girls to know what jobs they can do.

The women who win a WOW gets money for their education. They get help from experienced workers in their profession. They get to meet other women with similar at an Australian Executive Women's Leadership meeting. They also win a cash prize.

The WOW Award started in 2006. It was called the Westpac Women in Business Award. The award got a new name in 2013: Westpac Outstanding Women Award. It was sponsored by Westpac PNG.



Anyone can nominate a woman for a WOW Award. A group of business people and community members pick the winners. They interview the women who were nominated to find the women who are the best leaders and who are the most inspirational. They check that the women do honest and high-quality work. They check if the women have lots of achievements related to the award. They select award recipients.

HCA Healthcare

HCA Healthcare is an American healthcare business started in 1968. It is based in Nashville, Tennessee.

It runs 186 hospitals and about 2,000 other services. They are mostly in the US. It is the biggest private health business in the United Kingdom where it has 30 services. It is opening a big new private hospital in Birmingham in 2023. 

56 of the hospitals in the USA are teaching hospitals. It does a lot of education for doctors and nurses in the US.

Spire Healthcare

Spire Healthcare Group plc is the second-largest private healthcare company in the United Kingdom. It is listed on the London Stock Exchange. 

It runs 39 private hospitals and 8 clinics across the UK, and the London Fertility Centre. It bought The Doctors Clinic Group in December 2022. That is an occupational health service which runs 22 private GP clinics in the UK. 

National Football League 2000s All-Decade Team

The NFL 2000s All-Decade Team is made up of good players in the National Football League in the ten years spanning 2000–2009. Only a player or coach's play in the 2000s is used for voting.

Note 1: Players are listed "alphabetically" within first and second teams
Note 2: Only teams for which a player "played in a game" from 2000–2009 are listed. Teams with whom a player signed but never played or played only before or after are not listed. 
Note 3: Under "Hall of Fame?" if a year is listed like "e-2022", that is the year player is eligible for the Pro Football Hall of Fame.

National Football League 2010s All-Decade Team

The National Football League 2010s All-Decade Team is made up of good players in the National Football League in the ten years spanning 2010–2019. Only a player or coach's play in the 2010s is used for voting.

Note 1: Players are listed "alphabetically" within first and second teams
Note 2: Only teams for which a player "played in a game" from 2010–2019 are listed. Teams with whom a player signed but never played or played only before or after are not listed. 
Note 3: Under "Hall of Fame?" if a year is listed like "e-2022", that is the year player is eligible for the Pro Football Hall of Fame.

 -- denotes a unanimous selection


List of National Football League career passing yards leaders

This list shows the top 50 National Football League quarterbacks with the most career regular season passing yards, the top 25 NFL playoff passing yards leaders, and the timeline of regular season record holders.

Tom Brady holds the regular season record with 89,214 passing yards. He also holds the playoff record, with 13,400 yards. Both of these combine to 102,614 yards.

"Through season."
Note: Y. A. Tittle passed for 33,070 yards in his career. That would put him 43rd on this list. But, 4,731 of those yards came in the All-America Football Conference (AAFC). The NFL does not recognize statistics and records from the AAFC to date. Tittle's career passing yards total in the NFL are 28,339.

"Through start of Super Bowl LVII of 2022–23 NFL playoffs." Here is a list of the top 25 NFL players with the most postseason passing yards.

Eleven players are recognised as having held the record as the NFL's career passing yards leader. The longest record holder was Fran Tarkenton. He held the record for nineteen years.


List of National Football League career passing touchdowns leaders

This is a list of the top 50 National Football League (NFL) players by most career regular season passing touchdowns. 

Tom Brady holds the record for the most passing touchdowns with 649. He also has the most playoff touchdown passes with 88.

"Through season."

Sixteen players are recognized as having held outright or tied the record as the NFL's career passing touchdowns leader. The longest record holder was Fran Tarkenton who held the record for 20 years from 1975 to 1994.



List of National Football League career passing completions leaders

This is a list of the top 50 National Football League quarterbacks career regular season passing completions and attempts. It also has quarterback playoff completions and attempts by players with over 250 playoff completions. It also has combined career totals.

Tom Brady has the most passing completions with 7,753. He also has the most passing attempts with 12,050. He also leads in playoff completions with 1,200. He also has the most playoff attempts with 1,921.

"Through season."

"Through start of Super Bowl LVII of playoffs." At least 250 completions.

Nine players are recognised as having held the record as the NFL's career pass completions leader. The longest record holder was Fran Tarkenton who held the record for 20 years. 



List of National Football League career quarterback wins leaders

The following is a list of the top National Football League (NFL) quarterbacks in regular season wins. In the NFL, the starting quarterback is the only position that is credited with records of wins and losses. 

Tom Brady holds the record for the most regular season wins with 251. Brady also holds the record for the most postseason wins with 35.

This list shows the top 100 NFL quarterbacks by regular season wins since 1950.


The following 41 quarterbacks have won at least five postseason games during their career:


Alan Price

Alan Price (born 19 April 1942) is an English musician. He was the original keyboard player for the British band the Animals before he left to form his own band the Alan Price Set in the year 1965. He was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame museum in 1994 as a member of the Animals. He is also known for his musical work as a solo artist. 

Price helped create the Animals in Newcastle, England in 1962 with Eric Burdon, Hilton Valentine, Chas Chandler, and John Steel. They gained popularity in 1964 when they song "House of the Rising Sun" achieved great success. Price left the Animals in 1965 due to disagreements with the group lead singer Eric Burdon, such as Price refusing to give royalties to the House of the Rising Sun and went on to form The Alan Price Set. Price and Burdon have never officially made up, with Eric stating the last time he ever spoke or saw Price was in 1983, at an Animals reunion.

Price was involved with the work of film director Lindsay Anderson. He wrote the music for Anderson's film "O Lucky Man!" (1973), which he performs on screen in the film and appears as himself in one part of the storyline. The score won the 1974 BAFTA Award for Best Film Music.

National Football League 100th Anniversary All-Time Team

The National Football League 100th Anniversary All-Time Team was voted on by media members, former players and league employees in 2019. It chose the greatest players of the first 100 years of the National Football League (NFL).

Sources:

Bold denotes unanimous selection.

Sources:
Bold denotes unanimous selection.

Sources:
Sources:

Lindsay Anderson

Lindsay Gordon Anderson (17 April 1923 – 30 August 1994) was a British feature-film, theatre and documentary director, film critic, and leading-light of the Free Cinema movement and of the British New Wave. 

Anderson died from a heart attack on 30 August 1994 at the age of 71.

All Royal Court, London, unless otherwise indicated:


Hamlet theatre royal Stratford east.


Chas Chandler

Bryan James Chandler (18 December 1938 – 17 July 1996), known when performing as Chas Chandler, was an English musician, record producer and manager, best known as the original bassist in The Animals, for which he was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1994. 

Chandler was a member of the British rock band The Animals. He played the electric bass guitar on their 1964 song House of the Rising Sun. Chandler was a towering 6'9".

Chandler discovered and managed Jimi Hendrix from 1966 until Hendrix died in 1970, and then managed the band Slade.

Chandler died on 17 July 1996 from an aneurysm aged 57.

John Steel (drummer)

John Steel (born 4 February 1941) is an English musician who is the drummer for The Animals. Having served as the band's drummer at its inception in 1963, he is the only original bandmember playing in the current incarnation of The Animals. He was inducted with the band into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1994. 

Gary Talley

Gary Talley (born August 17 1947) is an American guitarist, known for being a member of The Box Tops. He played guitar on their 1967 song The Letter. Talley made news in 2021 when videos of him playing guitar with his mother went viral. He still performs with the Box Tops.

Bill Cunningham (musician)

Bill Cunningham (born January 23, 1950) is an American bass guitarist, known for being a member of The Box Tops. He played bass guitar on their 1967 song "The Letter". He still performs with the Box Tops.

John Allen (musician)

John Allen (born Johnathan Gordon Allen Klerk on 4 April 1947) is an English musician and producer born in Sheffield, England. He started his career as a double bass player, performing Jazz and Blues in clubs around Yorkshire, England. Allen toured the United Kingdom in the 1960s in his the group he formed called "The Top Hats" from the years 1963 to 1965. Afterwards, he moved to Scotland to work in musical producing and has since retired. He was known by his nickname "Sonny" and still regularly performs music in clubs.
College football national championships in NCAA Division I FBS

A national championship in the highest level of college football in the United States is a title awarded yearly. The highest level of college football is the NCAA Division I Football Bowl Subdivision (FBS). 

Not like others before 2014, the College Football Playoff does not use math, polls or research to choose the teams. A 13-member committee chooses and seeds the teams. The playoff system was the first time a bracket style tournament was used to choose a national champion.

99-yard pass play

A 99-yard pass play is the longest play with a forward pass that is possible in an American football game. It gains 99 yards and scores a touchdown. The play has happened thirteen times in NFL history.

Thirteen 99-yard pass plays have occurred in the history of the National Football League:



2005 Pro Bowl

The 2005 Pro Bowl was the NFL's all-star game for the 2004 season. The game was played February 13, 2005, at Aloha Stadium in Honolulu, Hawaii. The final score was AFC 38 – NFC 27. The most valuable player was Peyton Manning of the Colts.

"Source"

"Source"

"Source"

Notes:

2006 Pro Bowl

The 2006 Pro Bowl was the National Football League's all-star game for the 2005 season. The game was played on February 12, 2006, at Aloha Stadium in Honolulu, Hawaii. It marked the 27th consecutive time that the National Football League's all-star game was held in Honolulu. The NFC all-stars won by the score of 23 to 17.

"Source"

"Source"

Notes:


2008 Pro Bowl

The 2008 Pro Bowl was the National Football League's all-star game for the 2007 season. It was played at Aloha Stadium in Honolulu, Hawaii on February 10, 2008. The game shown in the United States on Fox and began at 11:40am local time (4:40pm EST). The NFC won, 42–30, despite a 17-point first half AFC lead. NFC running back Adrian Peterson rushed 16 times for 129 yards and was named the game's MVP.

Notes:

2001 Indianapolis Colts season

The 2001 Indianapolis Colts season was the 49th season for the team in the National Football League and 18th in Indianapolis.

2001 Oakland Raiders season

The Oakland Raiders season was the team's 32nd season in the National Football League (NFL).

Raiders on Pro Football Reference

2002 New England Patriots season

The 2002 season was the New England Patriots' 33rd in the National Football League (NFL), their 43rd overall and their third under head coach Bill Belichick.


2010 Detroit Lions season

The 2010 Detroit Lions season was the franchise's 81st season in the NFL. It was Jim Schwartz's second season as head coach.

 The Lions traded their second-round pick, their original fourth-round pick and seventh-round pick 214 to Minnesota for their first-round pick and their fourth-round pick.

Note: Intra-division opponents are in bold text.

Chris Godwin

Rod Christopher Godwin Jr. (born February 27, 1996) is an American football wide receiver for the Tampa Bay Buccaneers of the National Football League (NFL). He played college football at Penn State. He was drafted by the Buccaneers in the third round of the 2017 NFL Draft.


Roman Pavlyuchenko

Roman Anatolyevich Pavlyuchenko (; born 15 December 1981) is a former Russian footballer who played as a striker.

He started his career at Dynamo Stavropol, and Rotor Volgograd. Then he moved to Spartak Moscow in 2003. He then got a £13.7 million transfer to Tottenham Hotspur of the English Premier League in 2008. He spent three full seasons there before going back to Russia to play for Lokomotiv Moscow. After another full 3 seasons he moved to Kuban Krasnodar in July 2015.

Pavlyuchenko earned 51 caps for Russia, and scored 21 international goals. He was named in the Team of the Tournament at Euro 2008. In this, Russia got to the semi-finals. Russia was also in their squad for Euro 2012.

Pavlyuchenko has Ukrainian ancestry. He is married to Larisa and has a young daughter named Kristina. In Russia, Pavlyuchenko is a local "Duma" (city council) deputy in Stavropol. He is a part of the United Russia party.

Spartak Moscow


Lokomotiv Moscow


Russia


Individual





Mike Evans (wide receiver)

Michael Lynn Evans III (born August 21, 1993) is an American football wide receiver for the Tampa Bay Buccaneers of the National Football League (NFL). Evans played college football at Texas A&M. He was drafted by the Tampa Bay Buccaneers in the first round with the seventh overall pick in the 2014 NFL Draft.


Robert Alford (American football)

Robert Alford (born November 1, 1988) is an American football cornerback. He is a free agent. He played college football at Southeastern Louisiana. He was drafted by the Atlanta Falcons in the second round of the 2013 NFL Draft.


Transfer (association football)

In professional football, a transfer is when a player under a contract moves to another club. Players can only be transferred during a transfer window. It also has to follow the rules of a governing body such as FIFA. There is a transfer fee paid by the club that gets the player to the club that a player has a contract with. When a player moves from one club to another, their old contract is ended.


2016 Atlanta Falcons season

The 2016 Atlanta Falcons season was the franchise's 51st season in the National Football League (NFL) and the second under head coach Dan Quinn.

Notes

The Falcons preseason opponents and schedule were announced on April 7, 2016.

RT-2PM2 Topol-M

The RT-2PM2 «Topol-M» (, NATO reporting name: SS-27 "Sickle B", other names: SS-27 Mod 1, RS-12M1, RS-12M2, formerly incorrectly RT-2UTTKh) is one of the most recent intercontinental ballistic missiles to be deployed by Russia. It is the first to be made after the fall of the Soviet Union. It was designed from the RT-2PM Topol mobile intercontinental ballistic missile.


NATO reporting name

"NATO reporting names" are a system of code names for military aircraft and other equipment used by the militaries of Russia, the rest of the former Soviet Union, other former Warsaw Pact countries, and China. The system helps communications in the military which may be confusing or unknown in the western world.


2020 New Orleans Saints season

The 2020 season was the New Orleans Saints' 54th season in the National Football League (NFL), their 45th playing home games at the Mercedes-Benz Superdome. It was also their 14th under head coach Sean Payton. 

Notes

The Saints' preseason schedule was announced on May 7, but was later cancelled due to the COVID-19 pandemic.
The Saints' 2020 schedule was announced on May 7.

Note: Intra-division opponents are in bold text.

Cornufer latro

Cornufer latro is a frog. It lives on islands in the Admiralty Group of Islands in Papua New Guinea: the Pak, Rambutyo, Manus and Los Negros Islands. Scientists first found it near Tulu Village, 20 meters above sea level.

Benjamin Watson

Benjamin Seth Watson (born December 18, 1980) is a former American football tight end. He was drafted by the New England Patriots 32nd overall in the first round of the 2004 NFL Draft. He won Super Bowl XXXIX with the Patriots over the Philadelphia Eagles in his rookie year. He played college football at Duke and Georgia. Watson also played for the Cleveland Browns, Baltimore Ravens, and New Orleans Saints.

2011 New England Patriots season

The 2011 season was the New England Patriots' 42nd in the National Football League (NFL) and their 52nd overall.

2011 NFL season

The 2011 NFL season was the 92nd regular season of the National Football League. The season ended with New York Giants defeating the New England Patriots in Super Bowl XLVI at Lucas Oil Stadium in Indianapolis on February 5, 2012.

Cap (sport)

In sport, a cap is a player's appearance in an international game. The term comes from the practice in the United Kingdom of giving a cap to every player in an international match of rugby football and association football. In the early days of football, the concept of each team wearing a set of matching shirts was not commonly used. Instead, each side would wear a different type of hat to appear different than their opponent.


Strategic Rocket Forces

The Strategic Rocket Forces of the Russian Federation or the Strategic Missile Forces of the Russian Federation (RVSN RF; , lit. 'Strategic Purpose Rocketry Troops') is a military branch of the Russian Armed Forces. It controls Russia's land-based intercontinental ballistic missiles (ICBMs).

The Strategic Rocket Forces was created on 17 December 1959 as part of the Soviet Armed Forces. It was made to be the main force for attacking an enemy's nuclear weapons, military buildings, and infrastructure. It operated all Soviet nuclear land-based intercontinental, intermediate-range ballistic missile, and medium-range ballistic missile with ranges over 1,000 kilometers.



Afterimage

An afterimage is simply an image made by your eyes after staring at an object for a certain period of time. The brighter the object, the more powerful the afterimage will be.

Council of Ministers of Bagmati Province

The Council of Ministers of Bagmati Province (Nepali: बागमती प्रदेशको मन्त्रीमण्डल, romanized: Vāgmatī pradēśakō mantrīmaṇḍala) or Provincial Executive (Nepali: प्रदेश कार्यपालिका, romanized: Pradēśa kāryakāriṇī) is the executive body of the Provincial government of Nepal. The chief minister is the head of the council of ministers. The incumbent chief minister is Shalikram Jamkattel .

According to the Constitution of Nepal, the Chief Minister is appointed by the Governor of Bagmati Province. The Governor on the recommendation of the Chief Minister of Bagmati Province forms a council of ministers consisting of members not exceeding twenty five in number from among the members of the provincial parliament on the basis of the principle of inclusion.

According to the Constitution of Nepal, the minister ceases to hold office by:


Current Cabinet: Shalikram Jamkattel cabinet Date of Formation: 10 January 2023


Orphanage Animation Studios

Orphanage Animation Studios is a American animation studio based in Burbank, Los Angeles, California, U.S. It is known for commercials, title sequences and music videos.
Bruceploitation

Bruceploitation is a martial arts themed exploitation films subgenre after cashing on Bruce's popularity, that are either from Hong Kong, Taiwan, United States and South Korea are plagiarized or rip-off imitations from Bruce Lee. The same was similar to Sharksploitation, Bruceploitation, Turksploitation, Powerpuffsploitation.


List of NFL quarterbacks who have posted a perfect passer rating

In the National Football League (NFL), the highest official passer rating that a quarterback can achieve is 158.3, which is called a "perfect passer rating".

Nate Kaeding

Nathaniel James Kaeding (born March 26, 1982) is an American former professional football player who was a placekicker in the National Football League (NFL).

Troy Brown

Troy Fitzgerald Brown (born July 2, 1971) is an American football coach and former wide receiver. He is the wide receivers and kick returners coach for the New England Patriots of the National Football League (NFL).

Marlon McCree

Marlon Tarron McCree (born March 17, 1977) is a former American football safety. He was drafted by the Jaguars in the seventh round of the 2001 NFL Draft. He played college football at the Univeristy of Kentucky.

Bohemian Like You

"Bohemian Like You" is a 2000 song by American alternative rock band The Dandy Warhols and is the second single from their third studio album "Thirteen Tales from Urban Bohemia". It went to number 1 in Portugal, number 5 in the United Kingdom, Greece and Italy, number 17 in Ireland and number 19 in the Netherlands.

2004 Indianapolis Colts season

The 2004 Indianapolis Colts season was the 52nd season for the team in the National Football League and 21st in Indianapolis.

2003 Tennessee Titans season

The 2003 Tennessee Titans season was the team's 44th season and their 34th in the National Football League.

Note: Division opponents are in bold text

Extraordinary (Mandy Moore song)

"Extraordinary" is a 2007 song by Mandy Moore and is the lead single from her fourth studio album "Wild Hope". It charted at number 102 in the United States and has a bit of folk pop with acoustic guitar thrown in it.

Shailendra Man Bajracharya

Shailendra Man Bajracharya (Nepali: शैलेन्द्र मान बज्राचार्य) is a Nepalese politician, belonging to the Hamro Nepali Party. He is currently serving as the member of the Bagmati Provincial Assembly.

Surendra Raj Gosai

Surendra Raj Gosai (Nepali: सुरेन्द्रराज गोसाई) is a politician, belonging to the Nepal Majdoor Kisan Party. He is currently serving as the member of the Bagmati Provincial Assembly since 2018.

Hold the Line

"Hold the Line" is a 1978 debut single by American rock band Toto and is the lead single from their debut studio album "Toto". It went to number 1 in South Africa, number 3 in Sweden, number 5 in Canada and the United States, number 8 in Australia, number 11 in New Zealand, number 14 in the United Kingdom and number 19 in Italy. It went to number 69 in Poland in 2019.

Laws (Plato)

Laws (Ancient Greek Νόμοι Nómoi ['nɔmɔɪ̯] is a work Plato wrote, as an old man. Like most of his other works, it is in the form of a dialogue. It is Plato's biggest work. It is about the question what an ideal state should look like. Three people discuss during a hiking trip. Many questions are discussed. Among them are:


Leader of the Opposition in the Bagmati Provincial Assembly

The leader of the opposition in the Bagmati Provincial Assembly is an elected member of the Bagmati Provincial Assembly who is leads the official opposition in the house of the Bagmati Provincial Assembly. The leader of the opposition is the Provincial speaker of the party with the most seats after the government party.


Divine law

Divine law (Latin: ius divinum) is the name for a number of laws that were given by one or more gods. As such, they are not supposed to change. An example of divine law are the Ten Commandments in Christianity. It is similar, but different form natural law. It is completely different from positive law.

Today, many states are secular. They think that most laws are man-made, and therefore can be adapted, if necessary. 

Graham Yallop

Graham Neil Yallop (born 7 October, 1952 in Balwyn) was an Australian cricketer who played 39 Tests and 30 One-Day Internationals for Australia. He captained Australia in Tests and One-Day Internationals. He played in both the 1979 and 1983 Cricket World Cups in England. He scored eight Test centuries with a highest score of 268 against Pakistan in 1983–84.

Chain Reaction (John Farnham song)

"Chain Reaction" is a 1990 song by Australian singer John Farnham and is the lead single from his 14th studio album "Chain Reaction". It went to number 6 in Australia, number 21 in New Zealand and number 79 in the Netherlands.

Australian CD and 7-inch single

12-inch single

Speaker of the Bagmati Provincial Assembly

The Speaker of the Bagmati Provincial Assembly is the title given to the presiding officer (chair) of the Bagmati Provincial Assembly. The Speaker is elected in the every first meeting of the Bagmati Provincial Assembly after the general elections for a term of 5 years from among the members of the assembly. Speakers holder office until ceasing to be a member of the assembly or resigning from the office. The Speaker can be removed from office by a resolution passed in the assembly by an effective majority of its members. In the absence of Speaker, the meeting is presided by the Deputy Speaker.


Fables of the Reconstruction

Fables of the Reconstruction is the third studio album by alternative rock band R.E.M. and was released on 10 June, 1985. It went to number 28 in the United States and number 35 in the United Kingdom.

All songs written by Bill Berry, Peter Buck, Mike Mills and Michael Stipe except where noted.

Side one – "Fables of the Reconstruction"

Side two – "Reconstruction of the Fables"

Radio Song

"Radio Song" is a 1991 song by alternative rock band R.E.M. and is the fourth single from their seventh studio album "Out of Time" and is the opening track to the album. It went to number 3 in Portugal, number 5 in Ireland, number 28 in the United States and number 56 in the Netherlands.

All songs written by Bill Berry, Peter Buck, Mike Mills, and Michael Stipe unless otherwise indicated.





Lossless data compression

Lossless data compression is a form of data compression, where no information is lost. This means that when the compressed data is uncompressed, it will be the same as the original data. Lossless data compression usually uses redundancy.

Many softwares uses this kind of compression. For example, it's used in the ZIP file format and the gzip tool. It is also part of some other techniques that remove information to make file sizes smaller.
In the case of lossy compression, some information is lost, and the reconstructed data will mot be the same as the original.

Puneet Issar

Puneet Issar () is an actor, writer, director, producer and dialect coach from India, best known for his works in Hindi movies and television shows. He also active in Kolkata's Bengali movies.


Bhuwan Kumar Pathak

Bhuwan Kumar Pathak (Nepali: भुवन कुमार पाठक, born 1958) is a Nepali politician who is currently serving as Speaker of Bagmati Provincial Assembly. He is a member of the Bagmati Provincial Assembly, having been elected as a proportional representative from the Khas people category in the 2022 Provincial Assembly election.

Gbely

Gbely is a town in Slovakia. It has about 5000 people and some great ice cream places. The locals are very nice. It is near Trnava and it's 1 hour away from Bratislava.

Office of the Chief Minister and Council of Ministers

The Office of the Chief Minister and Council of Ministers is a political and bureaucratic office that assists the Council of Ministers of Bagmati Province and the Chief Minister of Bagmati Province in the leadership of the Council of Ministers and Government.The incumbent Chief Minister is Shalikram Jamkattel and the current council of ministers is the Shalikram Jamkattel cabinet.
The Office's mandate includes the formation, dissolution and alteration of organizational structure of the ministries, the formulation, approval or issue of Bills, Ordinances, and Rules, observation, control, inspection, supervision, coordination, monitoring and evaluation of various ministries and Order and the Protection and Promotion of Human Rights.

Ashmit Patel

Ashmit Patel (born; 13 January 1978) is an Indian actor, active in Bollywood movies since 2002.

Sanu Kumar Shrestha

Sanu Kumar Shrestha is a Nepali politician who is serving as first Speaker of the Bagmati Provincial Assembly and Member of Bagmati Provincial Assembly and Member of Bagmati Provincial Assembly from Kathmandu 2.

Mountbatten MRT station

Mountbatten MRT station is an underground Mass Rapid Transit (MRT) station. It is on the Circle line. 

The station is located at Mountbatten, Singapore. It is near Kallang and Geylang.

The station is built at the junction of Mountbatten Road, Old Airport Road and Stadium Boulevard.

On 26 September 2003, construction started at Mountbatten MRT station. It used the name Old Airport Road.

Soon, the name changed to Mountbatten.

The station was opened on 17 April 2010. It was opened together with the Stage 1 and 2 of the Circle Line.

The station is named after British Admiral Lord Louis Mountbatten, the Supreme Allied Commander of the South East Asia Command. He surrendered Singapore to Japan during the Second World War. 

Other names which is Old Airport Road and Guillemard was planned. But in the end, Mountbatten was chosen.

There is an artwork featured in the station. It is called "Lord Mountbatten Thinks of Pink". It was made by Jason Wee. The artwork shows a picture of a ship in the sea while the background colour is pink. There was a belief that Lord Louis Mountbatten painted his ships pink. It is so that it could blend in with the surroundings during dawn and dusk.

Obsidian (software)

Obsidian is a computer program where users can take notes and organize ideas. Users can write their notes in a kind of text file called Markdown. In one page, they can create links to another page in the software, and see how they are all connected like a map. It is designed for writers, teachers, students and people who work. Obsidian is free for personal use, but users have to pay if they want to use it for business.

Obsidian was created by two people, Shida Li and Erica Xu. They had to stay at home because of the COVID-19 pandemic at that time. Li and Xu met each other at university and worked together on other projects before starting Obsidian.

The first version of Obsidian came out on March 30, 2020. An important version 1.0.0 came out in October 2022. The most recent version 1.5.11 came out in March 2024.

The New American Poetry 1945–1960

The New American Poetry 1945–1960 is a book of poems by many new and different poets of that time. It was edited by Donald Allen and put out by Grove Press in 1960. In 1999 it came out again from University of California Press with a new afterword.

Many readers think the book is very important in the history of American poetry after World War II. Many of the included poets had long careers after the book came out. Many of their ideas about how to write poetry became popular with even younger poets.

In 1982 the book was made bigger and published as "The Postmoderns: The New American Poetry Revised" edited by Donald Allen and George Butterick.

In the original book, Donald Allen printed the work of Black Mountain poets, the New York School, the San Francisco Renaissance, the Beats and others who were not well-known.

These are the poets of "The New American Poetry" as grouped by Donald Allen in 1960.

I.
Charles Olson, Robert Duncan, Denise Levertov, Paul Blackburn, Robert Creeley, Paul Carroll, Larry Eigner, Edward Dorn, Jonathan Williams, Joel Oppenheimer

II.
Helen Adam, Brother Antoninus, James Broughton, Madeline Gleason, Lawrence Ferlinghetti, Robin Blaser, Jack Spicer, Lew Welch, Richard Duerden, Philip Lamantia, Bruce Boyd, Kirby Doyle, Ebbe Borregaard

III. 
Jack Kerouac, Allen Ginsberg, Gregory Corso, Peter Orlovsky

IV. 
Barbara Guest, James Schuyler, Edward Field, Kenneth Koch, Frank O'Hara, John Ashbery

V. 
Philip Whalen, Gilbert Sorrentino, Stuart Z. Perkoff, Gary Snyder, Edward Marshall, Michael McClure, Ray Bremser, LeRoi Jones, John Wieners, Ron Lowensohn, David Meltzer

Social prescribing

Social prescribing (also known as community referral) is when doctors prescribe something for a person which is not a drug. They are most likely to do this if the persons problems are more social than medical. The idea has caught on in the National Health Service, in Ireland and the Netherlands 

All sorts of things can be prescribed in this way. Most common is to help them join a local social group. In London in 2022 general practitioners started prescribing fruit and vegetables to test if that helped people. 

Numb Little Bug

"Numb Little Bug" is a song by American singer-songwriter Em Beihold. It was her first major-label single. The single was released on January 28, 2022 by Republic Records and Moon Projects. It is the second single from her second EP, "Egg in the Backseat". It was written by Beihold with Nick Lopez and Dru DeCaro. The song was produced by DeCaro, Elijah Hill and Dallas Caton. The song went viral on TikTok in early 2022. It had been used in more than 60,000 videos by late February 2022.

Nepali Congress, Bagmati Province

Nepali Congress, Bagmati Province (Nepali: नेपाली कांग्रेस , बागमती प्रदेश Nepali pronunciation: [neˈpali ˈkaŋres, vāgmatī pradēśa]; abbr. NC , BP) is a social democratic political party in Nepal and the largest party in the Bagmati Province. Indra Bahadur Baniya is the President of of the Committee. It is the single major opposition party against the Government of Bagmati Province. It has participated in every Bagmati Provincial Assembly election since 2017, the first election in the Provincial in Nepal.

2023 Chinese balloon incident

From January 28 to February 4, 2023, a large, white balloon from China was seen in North American airspace. It passed over South Korea, Japan, Alaska, Canada, and the contiguous United States. The American and Canadian militaries said that the balloon was for surveillance. The Chinese government said that it was a civilian meteorological research airship blown off course. 

On February 3, the United States Department of Defense said a second Chinese balloon was passing over Latin America, which China also said belonged to it.

The balloon was shot down on February 4, by the United States Air Force, in the Atlantic Ocean, off the coast of South Carolina on orders from U.S. President Joe Biden.


Cumberland

Cumberland is a historic county in North West England. It was an administrative entity and then was included into Cumbria. In April 2023, Cumbria's County Council was removed and two unitary authorities replaced it.

Cumberland is bordered by Northumberland to the north-east, County Durham to the east, Westmorland to the south-east, Lancashire to the south, and the Scottish counties of Dumfriesshire and Roxburghshire to the north.

Freddie and the Dreamers

Freddie and the Dreamers were an English pop band from Manchester. They performed from 1963 to 1971. Their singer, Freddie Garrity, made the group again in the year 1974. It ended again when he retired in 2000. The Dreamers had songs including "I'm Telling You Now" and "You Were Made For Me". They created the dance "The Freddie". 


Freddie Garrity

Frederick Garrity (14 November 1936 – 19 May 2006 ) was an English singer and actor. He was best known as the singer of the English Pop group Freddie and the Dreamers from 1959 until 2001. Before being a member of Freddie and the Dreamers, he was a milkman. He was well known in his local neighbourhood when he sang as he was delivering milk. 

Between 1968 and 1973, Garrity and his former bandmate Pete Birrell (bass guitar) appeared in the ITV children's television program"Little Big Time".

Garrity retired from touring in 2001 when he became sick. He died in Bangor, Wales on 19 May 2006 aged 69.

Barry Whitwam

Barry Whitwam (born 21 July 1946 in Manchester, England is an English musician. Since the year 1963, he has been the drummer for Herman's Hermits.

Peter Noone

Peter Blair Denis Bernard Noone (born 5 November 1947 in Manchester, England) was the lead singer for the pop band Herman's Hermits. He used the nickname "Herman". He acted as a teen in the television soap opera "Coronation Street". 

Fairfield Porter

Fairfield Porter (June 10, 1907 – September 18, 1975) was an American painter and art critic.

Porter was born in Winnetka, Illinois, north of Chicago. He was the fourth of five children of James Porter, an architect, and Ruth Furness Porter, a poet. He was the brother of photographer Eliot Porter. In 1932 he married the poet Anne (Channing) Porter.

Porter was a figurative painter at a time when abstraction was more popular. He painted landscapes, house interiors, and portraits of family, friends and other artists. He made many paintings of the land, his home, and family in Southampton, Long Island and at Great Spruce Head Island in Maine where they spent many summers.

Porter willed about 250 of his works to the Parrish Art Museum.

Derek Leckenby

Derek Leckenby (born 14 May 1943 in Manchester, England) played lead guitar for Herman's Hermits. Leckenby co-founded Pluto Music with Herman's Hermits member Keith Hopwood. Pluto music produced music for childrens television. His nickname was "Lek". He died of Non-Hodgkin lymphoma on 4 June 1994 at the age of 51. 

Keith Hopwood

Keith Hopwood (born on 26 October 1946 in Manchester, England) was the guitarist for Herman's Hermits. Hopwood co-founded Pluto Music with Herman's Hermits member Derek Leckenby. Pluto Music produced music for children's television. Hopwood was a principal songwriter and composer for the 1989 BFG movie. 

Brian Poole

Brian Poole was born in London on the 2nd of November 1941. He is the former singer for The Tremeloes.

Vivian Stanshall

Vivian Anthony Stanshall (born on the 21st of March 1943 – died on the 5th of March 1995) was an English singer-songwriter, musician, author and poet, best known for his work with the Bonzo Dog Doo-Dah Band. Stanshall was also an acclaimed Poet.

Sixteen days before he turned 52, he died in a house fire on 5th of March 1995.

1995–96 Austrian Cup

The 1995-96 Austrian Cup was Austria's nationwide football cup competition. SK Rapid Wien were the defending champions.

Thomas Gill – Marek Świerczewski, Mario Posch, Günther Neukirchner, Darko Milanič (46. Gilbert Prilasnig), Hannes Reinmayr, Walter Hörmann, Alfred Hörtnagl (63. Mario Haas, 87. Michael Gruber), Markus Schopp, Ivica Vastić, Arnold Wetl<br>coach: Ivica Osim
Wolfgang Knaller – Helmut Graf, Herbert Gager, Gennadiy Moroz, Michael Binder, Hans Kogler, Jürgen Panis (71. Markus Scharrer), Uwe Müller (54. Igor Ogris), Gerhard Rodax, Manfred Rosenegger, Christian Mayrleb (63. László Klausz) <br>coach: Walter Knaller

NFL Kickoff Game

The National Football League Kickoff game is the first game of the National Football League (NFL) regular season.

"Winning team appears in bold."

<nowiki>*</nowiki> – Game did not feature the defending Super Bowl champions.<br>
<nowiki>**</nowiki> – Game played on a Wednesday instead of the usual Thursday.<br>
<nowiki>***</nowiki> – Defending Super Bowl champions played away because of a scheduling conflict.<br>
<nowiki>****</nowiki> – Game was a rematch of the previous Super Bowl.

2015 Miami Dolphins season

The 2015 Miami Dolphins season was the team's 46th season in the National Football League.

Note: Division opponents are in bold text.

List of National Football League annual passing touchdowns leaders

This is a list of National Football League quarterbacks who have led the regular season in passing touchdowns each year. The record for touchdown passes in a season is held by Peyton Manning of the Denver Broncos who threw 55 in 2013. Tom Brady has led the NFL in passing touchdowns in five different seasons, more than any other quarterback in NFL history; he is also the only quarterback to lead the NFL in passing touchdowns in three different decades.

Johnny Unitas is the only player to win four titles in a row. Three players (Steve Young, Dan Marino and Brett Favre) have won three in a row.



Carl Wayne

Carl Wayne was born on the 18th of August 1943 in Birmingham, England. He was the lead singer of two successful British bands. The first band was The Move from the years 1965 to 1970. Carl joined the Hollies in 2000 when their original lead singer, Allan Clarke, retired after suffering vocal problems. Wayne died on the 31st of August 2004, thirteen days after his 61st birthday, from Cancer. 

Terry Sylvester

Terry Sylvester's career started as a member of The Escorts, based in Liverpool, England. He left the Escorts in 1966 to join The Swinging Blue Jeans. In 1968, he joined the Hollies after Graham Nash left to create the band Crosby, Stills, Nash & Young. Sylvester left the Hollies in 1981.

Ray Stiles

Ray Stiles was in the band Mud during the 1970s. Mud had a charting song called "Tiger Feet", which gave a massive dance craze shortly after. Since the late 1980s, Stiles has been the bass guitarist for the Hollies.

The Swinging Blue Jeans

The Swinging Blue Jeans is a British band formed in Liverpool, England by Ray Ennis (guitar), Ralph Ellis (guitar), Les Braid (bass), and Norman Kuhlke (drums). The band is still active as of 2023, with none of its founding members.

Les Braid died in 2005.

Ray Ennis

Born Raymond Vincent Ennis, on the 26th of May 1940 in Liverpool, England, Ray Ennis was the lead singer and guitarist for The Swinging Blue Jeans, from its making in 1957, until he retired in 2010.

List of National Football League annual passer rating leaders

In American Football, passer rating is a measure of the performance of passers, primarily quarterbacks.

As per the "Pro Football Reference" and "Cold Hard Football Facts".


Ralph Ellis

Born on the 8th of March 1942 in Liverpool, England, Ralph Ellis was the guitarist for The Swinging Blue Jeans from 1958 to 1966.

Les Braid

Born William Leslie Braid on the 15th of September 1937 in Liverpool, England, Les Braid was the bass guitarist for The Swinging Blue Jeans from the bands making in 1957 until he died on the 31st of July 2005 in Liverpool, England at the age of 67.

Norman Kuhlke

Born on the 17th of June 1942 in Liverpool, England, Norman Kuhlke was the drummer for The Swinging Blue Jeans from its making in 1957, until 1969. Kuhlke was born one day before Beatles member Paul McCartney, who is also from Liverpool.

List of National Football League annual pass completion percentage leaders

This is a list of National Football League quarterbacks. They have led the regular season in pass completion percentage each year.


Mud (band)

Mud were a British glam rock band. They formed in February 1966. Their early success came in a pop and then glam rock style. Later hits were influenced by 1950s rock and roll. They are best remembered for their hit singles "Dyna-mite" , "Tiger Feet", which was the United Kingdom's best-selling single of 1974, and "Lonely This Christmas," which reached Christmas number 1 in December 1974. After signing to Rak Records and teaming up with songwriters/producers Nicky Chinn and Mike Chapman, the band had fourteen UK Top 20 hits between 1973 and 1976, including three number ones. Their members were; Les Gray (vocals), Rob Davis (guitar), Ray Stiles (bass), and Dave Mount (drums). 

Mud officially ended in 2004 when their lead singer, Les Gray, died.

Les Gray

Thomas Leslie Gray (9 April 1946 – 21 February 2004), known more commonly as Les Gray, was an English musician best known for his work with glam rock pop band Mud.

Mud are best known for their song "Tiger Feet". He died on the 21st of February 2004 at the age of 57.

Mikael Rickfors

Mikael Rickfors is from Sweden. He sang lead vocals for The Hollies from the years 1971 to 1974. He joined when original lead singer Allan Clarke left, Clarke came back in 1974 and Rickfors left.

Nursultan Ruziboev

Nursultan Ruziboev (uzb. Nursulton Ro'ziboyev, ru Рузибоев, Нурсултон Дилшодбек Угли, born November 19, 1993 in Andijan region, Uzbekistan) is an Uzbek professional mixed martial artist (MMA) and professional boxer who competes in the Middleweight division.

Ruziboev was born on November 19, 1993 in Uzbekistan, in Andijan region in the Shahrihan city, in an ordinary family. He is a muslim. He has 2 brothers and one sister. His brother Mashrabjon Ruziboev is also professional mixed martial arts fighter.

Early sports career

At the age of 11 he began training in karate. In 2012 he left the country for Russia, where he worked to support his family. In 2013 he returned to Uzbekistan to participiate in Hand to hand Combat tournaments.

MMA

In 2014 he made his first mixed martial arts debut fight against Russian Shamil Rafikov at Alash Pride. He won his first fight with Submission (Rear-Naked Choke). He fought under major mixed martial arts organisations like Gorilla Fighting Championships, WEF Global, Brace FC, Octagon Promotions, Open Fighting Championship, Alash Pride and AFC Fight.

In 2022 Ruziboev decided to start his professional boxing career and he won his first bout against Bakhrom Payazov with TKO. The professional boxing event held in Tashkent, Uzbekistan at Sport Palace Yunusabad.

1997 NCAA Division I-A football season

The 1997 NCAA Division I-A football season was play of college football by the National Collegiate Athletic Association teams at the Division I-A level. It began in the summer of 1997 and culminated with the bowl games in early January 1998.

+Penn State and Michigan were Big Ten teams, and Washington was a Pac-10 team. The Big Ten and Pac-10 conferences played in the Rose Bowl rather than the Bowl Alliance championship game.

Take the Long Way Home (Supertramp song)

"Take the Long Way Home" is a 1979 song by English rock band Supertramp and is the last song from their sixth studio album "Breakfast in America". It went to number 4 in Canada and number 10 in the United States. It was also a minor hit in Europe.

Huffman coding

Huffman coding is a way of encoding data. The method was developed in 1952, by David A. Huffman, at MIT. It was first published as "A Method for the Construction of Minimum-Redundancy Codes", in 1952. The method is a prefix code, and a way of lossless data compression. The idea behind it is very simple: There's a dictionary that contains words, and how often they occur in the text. Each word is replaced by a variable-length code. Words that occur more often get shorter codes. The codes must not overlap and be unique. 

The output from Huffman's algorithm is a variable-length code table for encoding a source symbol (such as a character in a file). The algorithm constructs this table based on the estimated probability or frequency of occurrence ("weight") for each possible value of the source symbol. As in other entropy encoding methods, more common symbols are generally represented using fewer bits than less common symbols. Huffman's method can be efficiently implemented, finding a code in time linear to the number of input weights if these weights are sorted. Even though Huffman's method is optimal among methods encoding symbols separately, it is not always optimal among all compression methods - it is replaced with arithmetic coding or asymmetric numeral systems if a better compression ratio is required.

In 1951, David A. Huffman and his MIT information theory classmates were given the choice of a term paper or a final exam. The professor, Robert M. Fano, assigned a term paper on the problem of finding the most efficient binary code. Huffman, unable to prove any codes were the most efficient, was about to give up and start studying for the final when he hit upon the idea of using a frequency-sorted binary tree and quickly proved this method the most efficient.

In doing so, Huffman outdid Fano, who had worked with Claude Shannon to develop a similar code. Building the tree from the bottom up guaranteed optimality, unlike the top-down approach of Shannon–Fano coding.

Happy Together

"Happy Together" is a 1967 song by the 1960s American rock group The Turtles. It was originally released on the album of the same name.

The members of the band who played on it were:


Kirk Cousins

Kirk Daniel Cousins (born August 19, 1988) is an American football quarterback for the Minnesota Vikings of the National Football League (NFL). He played college football at Michigan State University. He was drafted by the Washington Redskins in the fourth round of the 2012 NFL Draft. He was a backup to another rookie Robert Griffin III.

T. J. Hockenson

Thomas James Hockenson (born July 3, 1997) is an American football tight end for the Minnesota Vikings of the National Football League (NFL). He was drafted in the first round of the 2019 NFL Draft by the Detroit Lions. He played college football at the University of Iowa.


She'd Rather Be With Me

"She'd Rather Be With Me" is a 1967 song by the 1960s American rock group The Turtles. It was originally released on the album titled Happy Together.

The members of the band who played on it were:

Howard Kaylan - Vocals

Mark Volman - Vocals

Al Nichol - Guitar

Jim Tucker - Guitar

Jim Pons - Bass

John Barbata - Drums

Justin Jefferson

Justin Jamal Jefferson (born June 16, 1999) is an American football wide receiver for the Minnesota Vikings of the National Football League (NFL). He played college football at Louisiana State University. He was drafted by the Vikings in the first round of the 2020 NFL Draft. 


Mark Scheifele

Mark Scheifele (born March 15, 1993) is a Canadian professional ice hockey centre for the Winnipeg Jets of the National Hockey League (NHL).

2004 State of the Union Address

The 2004 State of the Union Address was given by the 43rd president of the United States, George W. Bush. It happened on January 20, 2004 at 9:00 p.m. EST. It was given in the chamber of the United States House of Representatives.

Military branch

Military branch (also service branch or armed service) is a part of the armed forces of a sovereign state.


Ballistic missile

A ballistic missile is a type of missile. It is only powered when it is launched. The power from its upward launch gives it all the energy it needs to get to its target. Most of its flight is not powered. Short-range ballistic missiles stay in the Earth's atmosphere. Intercontinental ballistic missiles (ICBMs) are launched into space but fall back down to Earth. Both of them do not need the engine always on since in space and high in the atmosphere there is almost no wind resistance.

Ballistic missiles are different from cruise missiles, which have powered flight, move only in the atmosphere, and move aerodynamically. Imagine a cruise missile as a pilotless plane with a bomb flying low through the sky, while a ballistic missile is like throwing a dart with a bomb high into the sky to hit a target far away.




Joan Mitchell

Joan Mitchell (February 12, 1925 – October 30, 1992) was an American artist.
She is connected to the American abstract expressionist movement. She used not just oil paint on canvas but also pastel on paper, and lithographic printing. 

Mitchell was born in Chicago, Illinois. She studied at the School of the Art Institute of Chicago. When she graduated, she was given money to travel and work in France. From 1949 she lived in New York, where she was connected to the “New York School” of painters and poets. She started living in France in 1955. After 1959 she lived there for the rest of her life.

Pannenkoek2012

Scott Buchanan, known as pannenkoek2012, often shortened to pannenkoek, is a YouTuber who plays Super Mario 64. Pannenkoek2012 is known for making videos about how "Super Mario 64" works. He beats levels of the game with challenges like not using certain buttons or the joystick. He is best known for the "A-Button Challenge", which aims to beat the game without using the A button. The A-button is used for jumping, so this is very difficult to do.

In 2015, he offered US$1,000 for anyone who could recreate a certain glitch in "Super Mario 64", which has not been claimed yet as of 2023.

"Super Mario 64" was the first video game pannenkoek2012 played as a child. In 2013, while in college, pannenkoek2012 started making videos of him beating "Super Mario 64" levels without jumping. As of 2023, six of his videos have been seen a million or more times, and his most-watched video has 4.5 million views. He also has a second channel, UncommentatedPannen.

On January 12, 2016, pannenkoek2012 made a video where he said how to do "Watch for Rolling Rocks" in 0.5 A-presses. In August 2013, when pannenkoek2012 began working on the A-Button Challenge, 211 A-presses were required to complete "Super Mario 64".  As of February 2023, "Super Mario 64" can be completed in 13 A-presses.


Carnaby's black cockatoo

Carnaby's black Cockatoo (binomial name Zanda latirostris) are a species of cockatoo. They are near extinction. The species is only found in south-west Australia . They mainly eat seeds, with small amounts of nectar and insect larvae 

Sweden Finns' Day

Sweden Finns' Day (; ) is an anniversary celebrated in Sweden on 24 February. The anniversary was approved by the Swedish Academy in 2010. It was held for the first time in 2011. 24 February was picked as the date of the anniversary because it was the birthday of Carl Axel Gottlund. He was a defender of speaking the Finnish language. The purpose of the day is to celebrate the history, language and culture of people with Finnish heritage living in Sweden. 

Towns that have large numbers of Finnish-speaking people raise the Sweden Finnish flag on Sweden Finns' Day. But this day is not a flag day approved by the government. The anniversary is observed in parts of Sweden, including Stockholm, Eskilstuna, Gothenburg, Västerås and Nykvarn. The day's events have included concerts, dance performances, writer visits, karaoke dances and theater plays for children. For example, in 2017, more than a thousand people attended the celebration at Stockholm City Hall. In 2013, the celebration was large in many places.

In 2019, the seal was selected by the listeners of Sveriges Radio's Finnish-language channel "Sveriges Radio Finska" as the national animal of the Sweden Finns.



Hannes Reinmayr

Hannes Reinmayr (born 23 August 1969) is an Austrian former footballer. He is now a football manager. He played for different teams in Austria and Germany. In Austria he played mainly for SK Sturm Graz.

Reinmayr started his professional career at FK Austria Wien. Having only little playing time there he moved to First Vienna in 1990. After a season at Stahl Linz he moved to Germany to play for German clubs MSV Duisburg and Bayer Uerdingen. Coming back to Austria he went to SK Sturm Graz. He played six years for this team and had great successes. He won two league titles and three domestic cups. Two years he played in the UEFA Champions League group stages. Together with Ivica Vastić and Mario Haas he formed the so-called magic triangle. For Sturm he played 191 matches and scored 42 goals. He then played another half season in Germany. His professional career ended 2003 at SV Mattersburg. From 2003 to 2009 he played for amateur clubs.

He made his debut for Austria in an October 1993 World Cup qualification match against Israel He played at the 1998 FIFA World Cup. He earned 14 caps, scoring four goals. His last international was the 0–9 defeat by Spain in a European Championship qualification match in March 1999.

After the end of his professional career he became player and assistance coach at SK St. Andrä. Other coaching stations were SK Sturm Graz II, SK Austria Kärnten, SC Kalsdorf, Union Thalheim, SV Gössendorf, SV Gleinstätten, SC Fürstenfeld, SV Tobelbad, DSV Leoben, TSV Pöllau and SK Werndorf. At the moment he is coach of SV Lannach.


SCP – Containment Breach

SCP – Containment Breach is a horror video game created by Joonas "Regalis" Rikkonen, based on fictional stories from the SCP Foundation wiki. The player is a human test subject, imprisoned in an underground testing facility which is used for containing and studying entities known as SCPs. The goal of the game is to escape from the facility during a breach of these anomalies while also avoiding security teams that are sent in to contain them. The game's map is randomly generated, and features multiple entities from the SCP wiki.

The game was released on April 15, 2012, and was supported with digital content updates until its most recent update 1.3.11 on July 29, 2018.

The player controls a prisoner named D-9341 as they attempt to escape an underground research facility during a breach of its contained entities, known as SCPs. During gameplay, the player walks around the facility collecting items in order to escape, while also being chased by multiple SCPs and armed guards, which must be avoided or else the player will be hurt or killed.

The game is set in a first-person perspective with the player in full control of D-9341, and is able to walk and sprint in any direction. Sprinting too long causes the player’s sprint meter to empty, and they must wait for it to recharge. One of the important game mechanics is the blink meter. During the entire gameplay, the blink meter will slowly decrease and eventually force the player to blink, but the player can also blink by pressing the space bar. This mechanic is in the game because of SCP-173, who moves and attacks based on whether or not the player can see them. The player can save and load games depending on difficulty, with the game's medium difficulty only allowing saving at certain points in the game, and the game's hardest difficulty not allowing saving at all.

University of Plymouth

The University of Plymouth is a public research university mainly in Plymouth, England. The university has campuses and colleges in many areas of South West England.

It had nearly 19,000 students in the 2020–2021 academic year. It was started in 1862 with the name "Plymouth School of Navigation". 

Jude Bellingham

Jude Victor William Bellingham (born 29 June 2003) is an English footballer. He plays as a midfielder for La Liga club Real Madrid and the England national team.

Bellingham joined Birmingham City as an under-8 and became the club's youngest ever first-team player when he made his senior debut in August 2019 at the age of . He played regularly during the 2019–20 season. He joined Borussia Dortmund in July 2020, and in his first competitive match, he became their youngest ever goalscorer. He joined Real Madrid in July 2023 and wore number 5 which was previously worn by Real Madrid legend Zinedine Zidane.

He represented England at under-15, under-16, under-17 and under-21 levels. He made his first appearance for the senior team in November 2020, and represented the country at UEFA Euro 2020 and the 2022 FIFA World Cup.

Borussia Dortmund

England U17

England

Individual
Bellingham is the youngest brother, Jobe Bellingham.

All Night Long (All Night)

"All Night Long (All Night)" is a 1983 song by Lionel Ritchie. It was the first single from his second studio album "Can't Slow Down". It topped the single charts in Australia, Canada, Finland, the Netherlands, South Africa and the United States. It was re-released as a duet with Guy Sebastian in 2011. It was remade in 2019 by Benjamin Ingrosso.

Deputy Speaker of the Bagmati Provincial Assembly

The Deputy Speaker of the Bagmati Provincial Assembly subordinate to the Speaker of the Bagmati Provincial Assembly, they are responsible for the Bagmati Provincial Assembly and they are the second highest ranking Provincial officer of the Bagmati Provincial Assembly. The act as the presiding officer in case of leave or absence caused by death or illness of the Speaker of the Bagmati Provincial Assembly.

Christian Mayrleb

Christian Mayrleb (born 8 June 1972) is an Austrian retired professional footballer. He played as striker for different clubs. He also played for the Austrian football national team. After his professional career he became football manager.

Mayrleb started his professional career at Second Division side FC Stahl Linz and SV Ried .Then he moved to the Austrian Bundesliga club Admira/Wacker in 1994. He then played for FC Tirol Innsbruck and Premier League club Sheffield Wednesday. He returned to Austria after half a season on the bench.

After four years with Austria Vienna he played for SV Pasching, Red Bull Salzburg and ended his career in Linz again with LASK Linz.

In November 2006 Mayrleb failed a drug test but was cleared by a League disciplinary panel because no evidence was found he was taking performance-enhancing drugs.

Mayrleb made his debut for the Austria national team in an August 1998 friendly match against France and came on as a substitute in his first six matches for the national team. He scored his first goal two months after his debut game. He earned 29 caps, scoring six goals. His last international was a September 2005 World Cup qualification match against Azerbaijan.

Individual


Apsara Chapagai Khatri

Apsara Chapagai Khatri (born 1971) is a Nepali politician. In January 2023, he became Deputy Speaker of Bagmati Provincial Assembly. He is a member of the Bagmati Provincial Assembly, having been elected as a proportional representative from the Khas people category in the 2022 Provincial Assembly election.

Healthcare in Singapore

Healthcare in Singapore is managed by the Ministry of Health of the Government of Singapore. The government pays for a universal healthcare system. There are also private health organisations.

All working people must put part of their money into Medisave accounts. They use this to pay their family's medical bills. Medisave is part of the Central Provident Fund which is an insurance organisation run by the government.

The healthcare system is thought to be one of the best in the world. There are three healthcare groups or "clusters":


In 2019 there were 14,297 doctors, 42,777 nurses and 2,475 dentists for about 5 million people. There 8 general hospitals and 2 specialist hospitals. Ambulances are run by the Singapore Civil Defence Force.

General practice is moving into a list system. People will have a doctor who knows them. This should help people to stay healthy. It gives better care for people with medical conditions which they have to live with. Community health teams are built up to support growing numbers of old people. 

Stephan Crétier

Stephan Crétier (born 8 August 1963) is a Canadian businessman, entrepreneur and philanthropist. He is the founder and chief executive officer of GardaWorld. It is one of the largest privately owned security providers in the world.

Crétier founded GardaWorld in 1995 with an investment of $25,000, which he raised by placing a second mortgage on his home. The company now generates over $5 billion in annual revenues and is a global champion in the security industry, with 132 000 employees worldwide. Over the past 25 years, Crétier has pushed the expansion of his company into the security, risk management and cash services sectors, having grown the company organically and through strategic acquisitions across Canada and into the United States, Europe, Latin America, the Middle East, Asia, and Africa.

In addition to being a leading best-in-class global security provider, GardaWorld today owns & operates Crisis24, the leading integrated risk management company servicing the world’s most influential people, disruptive brands and prominent organisations and Sesami, a global innovative cash ecosystem performance and technology company.

Recognized as Young Entrepreneur of the Year in 1998, Growth Leader by Profit 100 magazine for 11 consecutive years, and Great Entrepreneur of the Year in 2006, Crétier was named one of Canada's Entrepreneurs of the Decade by Profit Magazine in 2009 and recipient of the Queen Elizabeth II Diamond Jubilee Medal in 2012. He took the company private in a $1.1 billion transaction with support from private equity firm Apax Partners.

In July 2019, he led the largest buyout in Canadian history in a transaction worth $5.2 bn with private equity firm BC Partners where Crétier now owns with selected management 49% of GardaWorld.

Stephan Crétier is a board member of the Hirshhorn Museum, a Smithsonian Institution in Washington, DC, and the Montreal Economic Institute, a leader free-market think tank.

Stephan Crétier is the proprietor of Roy Estate winery described by wine critic Robert Parker Jr from Wine Advocate as ‘a hidden gem’ producing some of Napa Valley’s most sought after wines.

In November 2019, the Montreal Museum of Fine Arts unveiled the Stephan Crétier and Stéphany Maillery Wing for the Arts of One World. The wing’s 10 fully refurbished galleries present a dialogue between works from ancient and traditional cultures and those by local and international contemporary artists, framed in a renewed intercultural and transhistorical perspective. 

An exceptional tool for discovering and understanding cultural diversity in Canada and around the world, past and present, this new wing displays a rich selection from the Museum’s collection, including over 10,000 archaeological objects and works by artists from many different cultures. The Museum’s encyclopedic collection is one of the oldest and most prestigious in Canada. The 1,025 m2 of the Stephan Crétier and Stéphany Maillery wing contain more than 1,500 objects and works by artists who hail from every continent. Located in the Jean-Noël Desmarais Pavilion, the largest and most visited of the Museum’s five pavilions, the wing presents treasures from Africa, Asia, the Mediterranean, the Middle East, Oceania and the Americas dating from the 4th millennium B.C.E. to today. It invites visitors to take a fresh, 360-degree look at our early heritage and contemporary creations. The presentation design goes beyond the discourse of art history to highlight the exchanges that have occurred and continue to occur between cultures, while displaying present-day disciplines and social concerns. Situated in the heart of a humanist and socially engaged museum, the wing promotes inclusive values that reflect Montreal, a metropolis made up of close to 120 cultural communities. It invites people of different cultures to come together to better understand one another at a time, in this 21st century, when togetherness has become an issue of vital importance.

In November 2022, the Stephan Crétier and Stéphany Maillery Peace Circle will be inaugurated which will be situated at the heart of the Vimy Foundation Centennial Park. It will embody both core missions of the Park; creating a reflective space for remembrance of those Canadians who served and were killed at Vimy Ridge and other sites during the First World War and a symbol of Peace and Reconciliation.

Gerhard Rodax

Gerhard Rodax (29 August 1965 – 16 November 2022) was an Austrian professional footballer. He played as a striker. Most of the league matches he played for Admira/Wacker. He also played for the Austrian national football team and played in the 1990 FIFA World Cup.

Rodax was born in Tattendorf. He started his professional career at Admira Wacker and stayed with them for seven years. In 1990 he became Austrian Football Bundesliga top goalscorer. Then he went to the Spanish side Atlético Madrid. After one season he returned to Austria and played for Rapid Wien . With 28 years of age he finished his career in 1993. In the 1995–96 season he made a short comeback at Admira.

Rodax made his debut for Austria on 
16 October 1985 versus Yugoslavia. His last match was on 1 May 1991 versus Sweden. For Austria he played at the 1990 FIFA World Cup, where he scored in the 2–1 win over the USA in Florence. Rodax played 20 international matches. There he scored three goals.

Rodax died near Traiskirchen on 16 November 2022, at the age of 57.

Atlético Madrid

Individual

Danger Zone (song)

"Danger Zone" is a 1986 song by Kenny Loggins and was taken from the soundtrack "Top Gun". It went to number 2 in the United States, number 6 in Switzerland, number 7 in Canada, number 12 in Germany and New Zealand, number 13 in Hungary, number 14 in Australia and number 45 in the United Kingdom.

Minister for Economic Affairs and Planning

The Minister of Economic Affairs and Planning (Nepali: आर्थिक मामिला तथा योजना मन्त्री) is the ministry of the Bagmati Province and it responsibile for formulating policy and Planning for industry and trade, foreign direct investment, energy, minerals, intellectual property, enterprise.

The current minister is Bahadur Singh Lama , who was appointed and took office on 9 April 2023.


 


Ministry of Economic Affairs and Planning

Ministry of Economic Affairs and Planning is the provincial authority of Government of Bagmati Province charged with the responsibility for maintaining both policy and planning in Bagmati Province.

The ministry has been established for the work related to public expenditure management, financial management, revnue management, economic development shot-term and long-term expenditure management of the provincial government. It was mainly established on 1 March 2018 (2078 B.S.) in accordance with provincial as per the Constitution of Nepal.


At My Most Beautiful

"At My Most Beautiful" is a 1999 song by alternative rock band R.E.M.. It is the third single from their 11th studio album "Up". It went to number 10 in the United Kingdom and number 28 in Ireland. It was in the TV series "Party of Five".

All songs were written by Peter Buck, Mike Mills, and Michael Stipe unless otherwise indicated.

CD

UK CD single

Food truck

A food truck, also known as a snack mobile, food mobile, or snack van, is a kind of vehicle. It is a large motorized vehicle, such as a van, or trailer, equipped to cook, prepare, serve, and/or sell food.

A taco truck is a common type of food truck.

Mingyue Lake

Mingyue Lake is a small lake in the west part of Yangzhou, People's Republic of China. The name means "Bright Moon Lake" in Chinese. It is at where Wenchang West Road and Guozhan Road meet. It is connected to Zhaojia Lateral Ditch to the south and Yanshan River to the north. There is a bridge called Mingyue Lake Bridge over the lake. The Yangzhou City Cultural and Art Center is on the south bank; on the north bank is Jinghuacheng Plaza. There is also a City Study called Mingyue Lake City Study on the plaza. It is a small building that belongs to Yangzhou City Library.

Anderson Esiti

Anderson Esiti (born on 24 May 1994) is a Nigerian footballer who has played in both the Nigerian national team and several foreign clubs. He is a former student of Dore Numa College.

Kalidou Koulibaly

Kalidou Koulibaly (born 20 June 1991) is a French-Senegalese footballer. He plays as a centre-back for Premier League club Chelsea and the Senegal national team.

Koulibaly began his professional club career with French team Metz in 2010, before moving to Belgian club Genk in 2012. He won the Belgian Cup in his first season in the club. He joined Italian team Napoli in 2014, where he won the Supercoppa Italiana title and the Coppa Italia in 2020.

Ministry of Drinking Water, Energy and Irrigation

The Ministry of Water, Energy and Irrigation is the provincial authority of Government of Bagmati Province charged with the responsibility for maintaining development and implementation of energy including its conservation, regulation and utilization. It furthermore develops operates electricity projects including hydropower projects.

The Department of Provincial Electricity Development serves under the ministry to facilitate and implement its work, mainly to develop and promote the electricity sector of Nepal including enhancing its financial attractiveness. Furthermore, two organisations also work under and with the ministry.

Julián Álvarez

Julián Álvarez (born 31 January 2000) is a professional footballer. He plays as a forward for Premier League club Manchester City and the Argentina national team. He is known for his pressing, dynamic scoring ability, and link-up play, which earned him the nickname ("The Spider").

Álvarez joined River Plate from Atlético Calchín in 2016, playing in the Generation Adidas Cup with the club's youth teams. Before signing for River Plate, Álvarez played with Boca Juniors and Real Madrid. He scored twice in five games for Real Madrid in a youth tournament. He was unable to join Real Madrid due to age restrictions. Álvarez was moved into River Plate's senior squad under manager Marcelo Gallardo during the 2018–19. His professional debut arrived on 27 October 2018 during a Primera División match with Aldovisi. He was subbed on for Rodrigo Mora with 26 minutes remaining of a 1–0 victory.

Álvarez showed up late during the second leg of the 2018 Copa Libertadores finals, with River beating their rivals, Boca Juniors. Álvarez scored the first goal of his senior career on 17 March 2019, getting a 3–0 league win over Independiente. During the next December, he scored in the 2019 Copa Argentina Final against Central Córdoba as River won 3–0 to secure the trophy in 2020. Álvarez got five goals in six Copa Libertadores group stage encounters.

On 25 May, 2022, Álvarez scored six goals for River Plate in an 8–1 win over Alianza Lima in the Copa Libertadores.

Barbara Guest

Barbara Guest, born Barbara Ann Pinson (September 6, 1920 – February 15, 2006), was an American poet and prose writer.

Guest was part of the first generation New York School of poets who often used words as painters use paint. She wrote more than 20 books of poetry. She also wrote a novel, art criticism, essays, and plays.

Guest was born in Wilmington, North Carolina and raised in California. She went to college at UCLA and got a B.A. in 1943 from UC Berkeley. She worked in the editor's office at ARTnews magazine from 1951-1959.

In 1999, she was awarded the Frost Medal for Lifetime Achievement by the Poetry Society of America. She was also well known for her biography of the poet H.D., "Herself Defined: The Poet H.D. and Her World".




The Century Magazine

The Century Magazine (officially "The Century Illustrated Monthly Magazine") was a monthly magazine with pictures. It was first published in the United States in 1881. It was made by The Century Company of New York City to come after "Scribner's Monthly Magazine". It ended in 1930 when it was combined with "The Forum". 

The magazine gave readers a mixture of literature, history, current events, and very good illustrations. Every month it printed parts of novels like William Dean Howells's "The Rise of Silas Lapham", Jack London's "The Sea-Wolf", and Henry James' "The Bostonians". It printed a biography of Abraham Lincoln and short writing like "The Lady or the Tiger?" and Joel Chandler Harris's Uncle Remus stories. 

Théo Hernandez

Théo Bernard François Hernandez (born 6 October 1997) is a French footballer. He plays as a left-back for Serie A club AC Milan and the France national team. Known for his speed, runs, and goalscoring ability, he is regarded as one of the best left-backs in the world. He is the brother of footballer Lucas Hernandez, and son of another footballer, Jean-François Hernandez.

Born in Marseille, Hernandez joined Atlético Madrid's academy in 2007, at nine years old. After progressing through the youth levels, he was promoted to the reservesin the Tercera División in the summer of 2015.

On 3 February 2016, Hernandez renewed his contract. Two days later, he was called up to the first team for a La Liga match against Eibar because of some injured teammates. He stayed as an unused substitute in the 3–1 home win.

Gilbert Prilasnig

Gilbert Prilasnig (born 1 April 1973) is an Austrian former football player. He played as defender mainly for SK Sturm Graz. He also played for the Austrian national football team. He is now coach for SK Sturm Graz Academy U18 .
Prilasnig began his career at the age of twelve at VST Völkermarkt in Carinthia. He played there until he graduated from high school.In 1991 he went to Sturm Graz until 2001. There he had his greatest successes. He became two times Austrian champion and three times cup winner. He also took part part in the UEFA Champions League three times.

After his time with Sturm he played for Aris Thessaloniki, FC Kärnten, Cambridge United , DSV Leoben, Miedź Legnica, SV Horn and SC Wiesfleck, where a friend of him was coach. 2011 his career ended.

Prilasnig played 16 matches for the Austrian national team. he made his debut in 1997 in a 3-0 win in Estonia. In the course of the World Cup qualification at that time, the Austrians made it to the 1998 World Cup, where Prilasnig was absent due to injury. 
Since 2004, Gilbert Prilasnig has also been involved socially as team manager of the Austrian homeless national team . He prepares them for the annual Homeless World Cup (HWC). For this work he was awarded the "Graz Human Rights Prize" in 2017 together with Harald Schmied.

In addition to his football career, he studied linguistics at the University of Graz and graduated with a master's degree.


Basanta Prasad Manandhar

Basanta Prasad Manandhar (Nepali: बसन्त प्रसाद मानन्धर) is a Nepalese politician. He became a member of the Bagmati Provincial Assembly in February 2018. He had previously served as Minister for Water, Energy and Irrigation of Bagmati Province.

New York School

The New York School is a name given to a group of American poets, painters, dancers, and musicians who were active in the 1950s and 1960s in New York City.

The group was made of personal and professional relationships, usually friendship, between individuals. Poets (like Frank O'Hara), painters (like Willem de Kooning), musicians (like John Cage), and many others got to know each other and shared their ideas about making art. 

In poetry, what is called "the first generation" included Frank O’Hara, John Ashbery, James Schulyer, Kenneth Koch, and Barbara Guest. O'Hara and Schuyler both worked at the Museum of Modern Art. Common meeting places for poets and painters were bars like the Cedar Tavern. A "second generation" of poets had writers like Ted Berrigan, Alice Notley, Ron Padgett, and Anne Waldman.

Uddhav Thapa

Uddhav Thapa (Nepali: उद्धव थापा; born 30 November 1958) is a Nepalese politician, belonging to the Nepali Congress. He has served twice within a month as the chief minister of Koshi Province, from 7 July 2023 to 2 August 2023, from 2 August 2023 to 8 September 2023. Thapa was elected parliamentary party leader of the Nepali Congress on 30 December 2022. He is a member of the Koshi Provincial Assembly from Nepali Congress. In the 2022 Nepalese provincial election he was elected as a proportional representative from the Khas people category.

Kailash Prasad Dhungel

Kailash Prasad Dhungel is Nepalese politician and former Minister for Economic Affairs and Planning of Bagmati Province and former member of the Bagmati Provincial Assembly. 

Rachana Khadka

Rachana Khadka (Nepali: रचना खड्का) is Nepalese politician, belonging to CPN (Unified Marxist–Leninist). She had previously served as member of the Bagmati Provincial Assembly and Minister for Economic Affairs and Planning of Bagmati Province.She has more than fifteen years of experience in political activism, legislation as member of provincial parliament and executive leadership as a provincial minister. By education and profession, she is constitutional lawyer and specializes in the area of federalism and devolution of power. 

Jagannath Thapaliya

Jagannath Thapaliya is a Nepalese politician and member of the Bagmati Provincial Assembly. He is currently serving as Minister for Economic Affairs and Planning of Bagmati Province.

Milton Keynes Hoard

The Milton Keynes Hoard is a hoard (buried treasure) of Bronze Age gold found in September 2000 in a field at Monkston Park in Milton Keynes, England. The hoard consists of two torcs, three bracelets, and a fragment of bronze rod contained in a clay pot. Based on the type of pot used, the British Museum estimates that it was made about 3,000 years ago.

The hoard weighs . The British Museum described it as "one of the biggest concentrations of Bronze Age gold known from Great Britain" and "important for providing a social and economic picture for the period". The hoard was valued in 2001 as being worth £290,000. The hoard is now in the British Museum. 

Several other antiquities, including Romano-British hoards, have been found within a radius of the centre of Milton Keynes.

Torc

A torc is a neck ornament popular in Europe from about 3000 years ago.

Keshav Raj Pandey

Keshav Raj Pandey (Neapli: केशवराज पाण्डे) is a Nepalese politician and former member of the Bagmati Provincial Assembly. He had previous as Minister of Internal Affairs and Law and Minister for Physical Infrastructure Development of Bagmati Province.

Cornufer parilis

Cornufer parilis is a frog. It has only been found on Isabel Island in the Solomon Islands.

Astalaxmi Shakya

Astalaxmi Shakya (, born September 30, 1953) is a Nepalese politician. She is the former Chief Minister of Bagmati Province. Shakya is first woman to be chief minister of Nepal. Governor Bishnu Prasad Prasain appointed Shakya as the chief minister after she was elected leader of the CPN (UML) on 18 August 2021.

Shakya was first elected to parliament in 1999. She was the Minister for Women, Children and Social Welfare from 2004 to 2005 and Ministry for Industry from 2008 to 2009. As of February 2023, She was also the vice-president of the Communist Party of Nepal (Unified Marxist–Leninist).

Simplyhealth

Simplyhealth is a health insurance company based in Andover.

It started in 1872 as the Manchester & Salford Hospital Saturday Fund. This was a nonprofit organization. The members paid every week. They could then go to a voluntary hospital without paying. When they were sick the fund paid them. The fund gave more than ten million pounds to hospitals in London before 1944.

When the National Health Service started in 1948 it continued. Members pay every month and get money when they are ill. Most of them do this through their employer. It changed its name in 2009 to Simplyhealth.

It bought "Denplan" a dental insurance company in 2011, for £115 million. In November 2022 it started Simplyhealth Ventures, a venture capital business, which over the next few years will put £60 million into UK-focused new healthcare businesses.

1939 Erzincan earthquake

The 1939 Erzincan earthquake hit the city of Erzincan in eastern Turkey on 27 December at 1:57:23 a.m. local time (11:57:23 p.m. 26 December UTC). with a magnitude of 7.8 and a maximum Mercalli intensity of XII ("Extreme"). It was the second most powerful earthquake recorded in Turkey, equal to the 7.8 magnitude 2023 Turkey–Syria earthquakes. Only the 7.8–8.0 magnitude 1668 North Anatolia earthquake was more powerful.

The earthquake was the deadliest in Turkey in the 20th century, with 32,700–32,968 dead and about 100,000 injured. On the same day, the temperature was , which caused many survivors of the earthquake to die from hypothermia.

The earthquake seriously damaged or destroyed 116,720 buildings. The city was almost completely destroyed. After the earthquake, there were several aftershocks which lasted for many months.

Put a Little Love in Your Heart

"Put a Little Love in Your Heart" is a 1969 song by Jackie DeShannon and is the title track from her LP "Put a Little Love in Your Heart". It topped the single charts in South Africa.

In 1988, it was covered by Annie Lennox and Al Green for the 1988 movie "Scrooged". It went to number 2 in Canada, number 4 in Austria, number 6 in Australia, number 7 in New Zealand and number 9 in the United States.

Bleu de France (colour)

Bleu de France (meaning "Blue of France""") is a shade of blue. The color is similar to azure. It is traditionally used to represent France. It is a color commonly used by French national teams.

This is a light shade of Bleu de France.

This is a dark shade of Bleu de France.


You can make this color by mixing blue and azure together.


DSV Leoben

DSV Leoben KAIF Energy is an Austrian football club from the Donawitz district of the Styrian town of Leoben. They play in the playing in the third-tier Regionalliga Mitte since the 2022/23 season.

The club was founded on 1 February 1928 as "Werkssportverein Donawitz". The colours were green-white. They played their first season at the top Styrian league in 1930/31. WSV reached the title in 1939 but lost the playoffs for promotion to the Gauliga Ost after losing to FC Wien, Linzer ASK and WSV BU Neunkirchen. That same year, Donawitz became part of Leoben but WSV kept its name.
1944 the club was dissolved and a quick restart after the war was out of question , especially since the sports field was used as a tank parking lot.

Football was reestablished in Donawitz in 1949 . In 1955 they won another title and were promoted to the second tier of Austrian football. In 1958 WSV Donawitz won promotion to the top tier, only to be relegated back after two years.

In 1970 the club was renamed "WSV Alpine Donawitz" .1971 they won promotion back to the country's top tier. On 3 May 1971, the club was renamed again to "Donawitzer SV Alpine" or just "DSV Alpine". They came 6th in the league in 1972 and 1974. After the 1973/74 season the club was forced to the 2nd tier because the number of teams in the league was decreased from 17 to 10 clubs and only one team from Styria (Sturm Graz) was included. They only got back to the top tier in 1984 and remained there until 1986. After that they had they had another spell from 1991 until 1992. They were 10 years in the Austrian Bundesliga.

After relegation in 1992 DSV Alpine and "1. FC Leoben" merged to "DSV Leoben" . The club was founded on 22 June 1992. Their first success was reaching the 1995 Austrian Cup final. They lost to SK Rapid Wien .

In 2009 the club went bankrupt. The DSV now competed in the third-class Regionalliga Mitte. From the 2013/2014 season, DSV Leoben played in the Styrian league. 2021/22 they won the league and were promoted to the Regionalliga Central. In the 2022-23 season they were promoted to 2. League.

Do It Again (Steely Dan song)

"Do It Again" is a 1972 song by Steely Dan and taken from their studio album "Can't Buy a Thrill". It went to number 6 in Canada and the United States, number 10 in the Netherlands, number 33 in Germany and number 60 in Australia. It did not chart in the United Kingdom and New Zealand.

Coconut (song)

"Coconut" is a 1972 song by Harry Nilsson and is the third single from his 1971 album "Nilsson Schmilsson". It went to number 5 in Canada, number 8 in the United States and number 42 in the United Kingdom. It was covered by Dannii Minogue in 1998.

Dakota MRT station

Dakota MRT station is an underground Mass Rapid Transit (MRT) station. It is on the Circle line. 

The station is located around Old Airport Road, which is near Geylang. 

On October 2005, construction on the Dakota MRT station started.

The station was opened on 17 April 2010. It was opened together with the Stage 1 and 2 of the Circle Line.

The station is named after the Dakota DC-3 aircraft. This aircraft have landed many times at the former Kallang Airport in Singapore. 

Other names which is Dunman was planned and Tanjong Katong was until March 2005. In the end, Dakota was chosen.

There is an artwork featured in this station. It is called "Little things, little stories." It was made by A Dose of Light. The artwork shows objects found in residents of Dakota Crescent HDB flats. Since the blocks are very old, the pictures includes some items that is historic. Those items are rarely or not used anymore.

Clydevale

Clydevale is a township in the Clutha District, New Zealand. It was named after River Clyde in Scotland in 1863. It has a primary school in the area. It is 29 kilometres north-west of Balclutha.

Just as I Am (Air Supply song)

"Just as I Am" is little known single by Rob Hegel and did not chart.

In May 1985, English-Australian band Air Supply released a cover version of the ballad and is the lead single from their eighth studio album "Air Supply". It went to number 19 in the United States, number 12 in Canada and number 79 in Australia.


Why (Annie Lennox song)

"Why" is a 1992 song by Scottish singer Annie Lennox and is the lead single from her debut studio album "Diva". It topped the single charts in Italy and went to the top 20 in Australia, Austria, Belgium, Canada, Denmark, Germany, Ireland, the Netherlands, New Zealand, Norway, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland and the United Kingdom. It was covered by DJ Sammy in 2005.

7-inch single

CD maxi

Healthcare in France

Healthcare in France is managed by the French government. The government pays for a universal healthcare system. In French it is called "protection universelle maladie" (Puma). In 2000 the World Health Organization found that France provided the "best overall health care" in the world.

The government runs the health insurance system, which is called the National Fund for Health Insurance. Peoples have to pay 5.25% of income from work, capital and winnings from gambling and at 3.95% on social security and pensions. People get 70% of most health care costs, and 100% for costly or long-term problems from it. Most people also have also private health insurance from not-for-profit groups called mutuelles. That pays for about 3.7% of hospital treatment and 21.9% of the cost of spectacles and prostheses, 18.6% of drugs and 35.9% of dental care.

People have a "Carte Vitale", a smart card with information about their health and their insurance. 

General practitioners run their own small business but get their money from the insurance system. There are public hospitals - 62% of hospital beds, non-profit independent hospitals (which are linked to the public system) - 14%, and private for-profit hospitals - 24%. Most are in the French Hospital Federation.

There is a serious shortage of doctors, especially in rural areas. Nearly 7 million people do not have a GP. In 2021 there were 318 doctors for 100,000 people, in 2012 there were 325. 

Listen Like Thieves (song)

"Listen Like Thieves" is a 1986 song by Australian new wave band INXS. It is the title track from their fifth studio album "Listen Like Thieves". It went to number 28 in Australia, number 46 in the United Kingdom and number 54 in United States. It was covered by Was (Not Was) in 1992.

Infinity Ward

Infinity Ward, Inc. is an American video game developer. They made the video game "Call of Duty." They also made 7 other "Call of Duty" games. Vince Zampella, Grant Collier, and Jason West made Infinity Ward in 2002. All of the 22 original team members of Infinity Ward came from the team that had worked on . Activision gave Infinity Ward money when it was made. They bought 30 percent of the company. The studio's first game, World War II shooter "Call of Duty", was released on the PC in 2003. The day after the game was released, Activision bought the rest of Infinity Ward. Infinity Ward made "Call of Duty 2", "", "", "", "", "", the , and . 

Nimda

The Nimda virus is a malicious file-infecting computer worm that quickly spread, surpassing the economic damage caused by previous outbreaks. 

It was released on September 18, 2001, one week after the attacks on the World Trade Center and Pentagon. It affected both user workstations (clients) running Windows 95, 98, NT, 2000, or XP and servers running Windows NT and 2000. 

The worm's name comes from the reversed spelling of "admin". F-Secure found the text "Concept Virus(CV) V.5, Copyright(C)2001 R.P.China" in the Nimda code, suggesting its country of origin. A computer in Canada was responsible for an October 11, 2001 release of infected emails alleging to be from Mikko Hyppönen and Data Fellows.

Ganga Narayan Shrestha

Ganga Narayan Shrestha (Nepali: गंगानारायण श्रेष्ठ) is Nepalese politician and member of the Bagmati Provincial Assembly. He is currently serving as Minister for Internal Affairs and Law of Bagmati Province.

Tetrodotoxin

Tetrodotoxin is a poison. It as first found in the 1950s. It occurs in pufferfish and other marine animals.

Dersim rebellion

Are the various rebellions against Ottomans and Turkey in the Dersim region

Various rebellions took place in the region in the 1877, 1885, 1892, 1907, 1911, 1914 and 1916. The last one was published in 1938.

At the time of the establishment of the Safavid Empire, Shi'ism, the official sect of the Safavid Empire, had been able to spread to Dersim in a favourable manner. The Kurds of Dersim showed favour towards Shāh Ismā'īl I and agreed to cede the fortress of Kemah to Ismā'īl as a military base to facilitate the military movements of the Safavids, on condition that their sovereignty and independence would be respected by Ismā'īl. Although the Ottoman presence began to be felt in the region after Mehmed II the Conqueror defeated the Aq Qoyunlu in 1473, its incorporation into the Ottoman lands took place after the Battle of Chaldiran in 1514 during the reign of Selim the Grim. However, the harsh and rugged geographical structure of this place caused it to be in the hands of local administrators from time to time, away from state control. They displayed a rebellious situation during the weak periods of the central administrations. Even in 1895 between 1897, many Armenian "fedayis" took refuge in Dersim and benefited from the "baht" (of asylum) of the Dersimites and were able to protect themselves against the bathtubs of the Turkish sultanate administration. 

Non-terminating decimal

A non-terminating decimal is a decimal with no end number. It can include number where the last numbers repeat forever. Examples of a non-terminating decimal include: 

Nonrepeating decimal

a non-repeating decimal is a decimal number with no group of digits repeating. Decimals of this type cannot be represented as fractions, and as a result are irrational numbers. Examples. Pi is a non-repeating decimal number.

Terminating decimal

A decimal which can be expressed in a finite number of figures or for which all figures to the right of some place are zero compare repeating decimal. It is a rational number.

Cornufer citrinospilus

Cornufer citrinospilus is a frog. It lives in a rainforest. Scientitsts have seen it in exactly one place: the east side of New Britain Island in Papua New Guinea, between 1650 and 1700 meters above sea level.

The adult male frog is 29.5-32.2 mm long from nose to rear end. It has large disks on its front and back toes for climbing. The iris of its eye is brown in color. It has bright yellow marks on the sides of its body. Scientists saw that this frog looks very much like "Platymantis macrosceles", but they think they are two different species of frogs because they live so far away from each other.

Yuvaraj Dulal

Yuvaraj Dulal (Nepali: युवराच दुलाल) is Nepalese politician and member of the Bagmati Provincial Assembly from Sindhupalchok 2 (A). He is currently serving as Minister for Physical Infrastructure and Development of Bagmati Province. He had previously serving as Minister for Social Development of Bagmati Province.

Saraswati Basnet

Saraswati Basnet is Nepalese politician and former member of the Bagmati Provincial Assembly. He also serving as the Minister for Social Development of Bagmati Province.

Bijay Subedi

Bijay Subedi (Nepali: विजय सुवेदी)is a member of the Bagmati Provincial Assembly and he was elected from Chitwan 2 (B) for the CPN (Unified Marxist-Leninist). He had previously serving as Minister for Social Development of Bagmati Province in Astalaxmi Shakya cabinet.

The Autobiography of Alice B. Toklas

The Autobiography of Alice B. Toklas is a book by Gertrude Stein, written in October and November 1932 and published in 1933.

Written by Stein, the book pretends to be an autobiography written by Alice B. Toklas, Stein's life partner. It tells the story of Toklas and Stein from Toklas' birth, through their meeting and life together in Paris, to their life and Stein's work after World War I. Toklas is very present in the book, but it is mainly about Gertrude Stein and her life in Paris at the time.

Modern Library ranked it in 1998 as one of the 20 greatest English-language nonfiction books of the 20th century.

Abd al-Muttalib

Shayba ibn Hashim (), better known as Abd al-Muttalib was an Arab tribal leader who served as chieftain of the Banu Hashim. He was the grandfather of the Islamic prophet Muhammad.

His father was Hashim ibn 'Abd Manaf. His mother was Salma bint Amr. Hashim died before Abd al-Muttalib was born.

When Muttallib died, Abd al-Muttalib succeeded him as the chieftain of the Banu Hashim. Following his uncle al-Muṭṭalib.

Peiman Biabani

Peiman Biabani (; born 4 November 1996 in Tehran, Iran) is an Iranian wrestler.

He competed in the 2019 Asian Wrestling Championships at Xi’an, China, where he won the bronze medal in his event.

Michael Maybrick

Michael Maybrick (31 January 1841 - 26 August 1913) was an English composer and singer. He is best known under his pseudonym Stephen Adams. Adams was the composer of "The Holy City." It is one of the most popular religious songs in English.

Maybrick was the fourth of the seven sons of William Maybrick (1815–1853?) and his wife, Susannah (1815?–1883?). His father was an engraver. Both his grandfather and father had been parish clerk at St Peter's in Liverpool. They were also minor composers. His uncle Michael Maybrick (1799–1846) was organist at St Peter's. He wrote music and conducted the Liverpool Choral Society. 

Maybrick had become good at playing the piano by the age of eight. He studied the organ with W. T. Best. At the age of fifteen, he became organist of St Peter's. He also wrote anthems and had a song he wrote performed in London.

In 1865, Maybrick went to Leipzig to study keyboard and harmony with Carl Reinecke, Ignaz Moscheles, and Louis Plaidy. He chose to train as a baritone with Gaetano Nava in Milan. After getting experience in Italian theatres, he performed with great success in London on 25 February 1869 in Mendelssohn's "Elijah". He had more success as Telramund in Wagner's "Lohengrin" . This led to appearances with Charlotte Sainton-Dolby. He performed with her for her last concert on 6 June 1870. He often performed with the Carl Rosa Opera Company. He appeared at all the main concert venues in London and the provinces. He also sang in English opera.



Volatile organic compound

Volatile organic compounds (VOCs) are a type of gases that can move through the air easily. They are organic compounds, which means they contain carbon. They have a high vapor pressure, so they become gas at a low temperature. Most scents that we can smell come from molecules of VOCs.

VOCs are often made through burning. For example, burning fossil fuels makes VOCs. They are a common type of air pollution. High levels of VOCs in the air can affect breathing, affect the immune system, and cause allergies. They can also react with other chemicals and make smog.

Bollingen Prize for Poetry

The Bollingen Prize for Poetry is a writing award given to an American poet. The award is given to a poet for the best new book or for the work of a poet's whole life. From 1948 to 1962, the prize was given every year. Starting in 1965, it was given every two years.

The prize was started in 1948 by Paul Mellon. It was named after psychiatrist Carl Jung’s home in Switzerland.

The Beinecke Rare Book and Manuscript Library at Yale University is the home of the Bollingen Prize. 



Ben LaBolt

Ben LaBolt (born August 20, 1981) is an American political advisor who is the White House Communications Director since 2023. 

LaBolt has worked on presidential campaigns for Barack Obama and Howard Dean, as well as for Jan Schakowsky, Sherrod Brown, and Rahm Emanuel.

LaBolt is openly gay, and is the first openly gay White House Communications Director.

Hasan Piker

Hasan Piker is a political commentator who supports left-wing politics. Piker is Cenk Uygur’s nephew and used to work for The Young Turks. Piker is a popular creator on Twitch where he uses the nickname “HasanAbi”. Piker has "debated" Michael Knowles. 

Social care in the United Kingdom

Social care in the United Kingdom is the job of local government. The Department of Health and Social Care manages the system in England. The Care Quality Commission visits organizations which provide it. 

In the past social care was largely a family affair. Not many people survived to live long with severe health problems. People who were born disabled or with learning difficulty were often put in long stay hospitals for life. People with mental illness often lived in big hospitals for years. These institutions have mostly closed and now more people get help in their own homes or in group homes. They may pay for it, or it may be supplied by the local council. People who pay themselves pay a lot more than what the council pays. More people need social care as more people live to be old and people survive with conditions which in earlier times would have meant an early death. The 1948 National Assistance Act set up old people's homes, run by local government in England, and geriatric wards in hospitals. Conditions in the geriatric wards were often poor. Many were in former workhouses. They were closed and now people end up in nursing homes which are private and they may have to pay. Some are small firms, with a single care home, some are part of huge chains backed by venture capital. HC-One is Britain’s biggest, with about 20,000 staff and 321 homes. About 400,000 people are in residential institutions and about the same number get care in their own homes. 

There have a been a lot of reports about social care. They all recommended major changes in funding and provision but very little has changed since 1990. There have been proposals for a National Care Service like the NHS, but people who have more than £23,250 (or £24,000 in Wales) have to pay, so people are forced to sell their houses. The Health Foundation says that extra money - somewhere between £6.1 and £14.4 billion a year - will be needed to meet future demand in social care by 2030. 

The costs of social care for children fall on local councils. Demand for support for children with special educational needs and disabilities and the cost of it have increased much more than council budgets. Better treatment and diagnosis means more parents want support. If they dont get it they can appeal to an independent tribunal. 96% of appeals are successful. This is one of the main reasons councils are in “financial distress”. Some have declared themselves in effect bankrupt. 

Social care is not just for old people. About a third of people needing it are disabled adults. 

In a year, more than 4.3 million people in the UK become unpaid carers. 4 million people stop their unpaid caring roles every year. The unpaid care work in the UK was recently valued at £59.5 billion a year. The 2021 United Kingdom census found an increase in the number of people who said they were caring for more than 20 hours a week compared to 2011, but fewer people caring for less than that.

Social workers are employed to make decisions about the help people need if the government is paying. The people who are paid to actually do this work may be called care workers. They are mostly women and the pay is low. People often leave for better paid work in retail.  According to Skills for Care there were 165,000 unfilled jobs in England in 2021/22 - 52% more than the year before. There are about 988,000 paid care workers in the United Kingdom. Many of these workers are immigrants. 58,000 came to the UK in the year to March 2023 — mostly from India and Nigeria. The trade union Unison reported in 2023 that many pay a lot of money to people in their home countries who find them work. They are then vulnerable to exploitation and cannot complain. 

Social care is often needed when people have been in hospital. Pressure on hospitals caused by the COVID-19 pandemic has also put pressure on social care. Lack of social care is is a big cause of people getting stuck in hospital.

The Care Quality Commission said in October 2022 that health and social care in England was " gridlocked and unable to operate effectively." Only 2 in 5 people were able to leave hospital when they are ready to do so. They said it needed planning and investment.

According to Skills for Care there were 165,000 unfilled jobs in England in 2021/22 - 52% more than the year before. There are about 988,000 care workers in the United Kingdom.

There were 12,280 registered care homes in England at the end of 2022, but by May 31 there were only 12,224. The numbers of care homes have been falling for some years, as costs, especially for mortgages, have risen. There has been a shift away from care homes to care at home. In 2023 there were 6,600 more home care agencies in England than in 2010.

In November 2022 the Department of Health and Social Care put up an extra £500 million. This was intended to help to lower the number of people stuck in hospitals because they couldnt get social care.

Carers Rights Day in the UK is 5th June, 

Destiny (streamer)

Destiny whose real name is Steven Kenneth Bonnell the Second, is a YouTuber whose channel started off about video games but then became about left-wing politics. Destiny has debates with people who support right-wing politics and sometimes with people on the far-left. One of Destiny’s goals with his channel is to prove the alt-right wrong. Destiny has debated Nick Fuentes and other white nationalists, including Richard B. Spencer. Destiny voted for Joe Biden in 2020.

Willem de Kooning

Willem de Kooning (April 24, 1904 – March 19, 1997) was a Dutch-American abstract expressionist artist.

He was born in Rotterdam and moved to the United States in 1926. He became an American citizen in 1962. In 1943, he married painter Elaine Fried.

De Kooning's first paintings were of men and women. By 1948, he had a show of black and white abstractions. By 1950 he was connected to the New York School of painters.

By the 1950s, de Kooning was famous and successful. Some of his followers were the American painters Michael Goldberg, Alfred Leslie, Grace Hartigan, and Joan Mitchell.

Vaush

Vaush is a YouTuber whose real name is Ian Kochinski. He used to work for Destiny on Destiny’s show but then left to start his own channel about video games and left-wing politics on the website Twitch and later on YouTube. Vaush is very critical of right-wing politics. 

Vaush became well-known after he debated Carl Benjamin. Vaush convinced Hunter Avallone to stop supporting right-wing politics after their debate. Vaush has also debated Tim Pool about Critical race theory and has debated Charlie Kirk about abortion, welfare and whether or not the government should make people get vaccines against Covid-19.

Vaush criticized J.K. Rowling for her comments about transgender people by saying on Twitter “All J.K. Rowling had to do was shut the fuck up and she could have been uncritically beloved for like a century. Women be quieter and start apologizing challenge” which was controversial with Rowling comparing Vaush to her violent ex-husband.

Charlie Kirk

Charlie Kirk is an American paleoconservative political commentator who is the head of Turning Point USA.

Jade Weber

Jade Weber (born 7 March 2005) is a French model living in the United States. 

Weber was born in Hong Kong. Both of her parents are French natives. She danced from an early age. She performed ballet, jazz, contemporary, and hip hop.
Jade Weber was introduced to the idea of modeling when she was 9 years old. At the time, her brothers - Matthieu and Thibault - needed headshots for an audition. Their photographer thought she should become a model, took a picture of Jade, and sent it to her sister, her sister was the director of a modeling agency. 

Weber is represented by three agencies: LA Models Youth, Monster Management (in Italy), and Division Model (in the Netherlands). She has worked with brands such as Forever 21, H&M, Hudson Jeans, Ralph Lauren, Levi's, Abercrombie and Fitch, Justice, Bloomingdale's, Miss Behave Girl, Nordstrom, Kohl's, Modern Queen Kids, Guess, and Tilly's. 

She has also been featured in magazines, including Hooligans Magazine, Vogue, and Poster Child Mag. 

In 2017, she was nominated by ENewsOf as one of the ten most beautiful kids in the world. 

She has appeared in some music videos, including MattyBRaps' "Moment", Spirix's "Runaway" and Hayden Summerall's music video for his cover of The Weeknd's "Can't Feel My Face."

Her goal is to cooperate with Dior and Chanel and when she grows up she wants to be an actress or a lawyer.




Kiss the Dirt (Falling Down the Mountain)

"Kiss the Dirt (Falling Down the Mountain)" is a 1986 song by INXS and taken from their fifth studio album "Listen Like Thieves". It went to number 15 in Australia, number 42 in New Zealand and number 54 in the United Kingdom.

Tweezers

Tweezers are a Tool that is used to pick up small things. Most used in jobs such as medical, tweezers are made of thin metal and behaves like a Spring when held.

Hot Rod (movie)

Hot Rod is a 2007 American comedy movie directed by the first time director Akiva Schaffer and starring Andy Samberg, Jorma Taccone, Bill Hader, Danny R. McBride, Isla Fisher, Sissy Spacek, Ian McShane, Will Arnett. It was distributed by Paramount Pictures.


Cryocooler

A cryocooler is a refrigerator that is built to reach cryogenic temperatures. These are temperatures below . These are most often smaller systems. They are normally small enough to sit on a table. Most cryocoolers have input powers less than about 20 kW. Some can have input powers as low as 2–3 W. Most cryocoolers use a cryogenic fluid and moving parts to move the fluid around a thermodynamic cycle. The fluid is normally compressed at room temperature. It is precooled in a heat exchanger. The fluid is then expanded at some low temperature. When the low-pressure fluid returns, it passes through the heat exchanger to precool the high-pressure fluid before entering the compressor intake. The cycle is then repeated.

Large systems are more often called cryogenic refrigerators. These are used for cooling the superconducting magnets in particle accelerators. Their input powers can be as high as 1 MW. 

Monistrol de Montserrat

Monistrol de Montserrat is a municipality in the comarca of Bages, Province of Barcelona, in Catalonia, Spain.

It has an area of 11.91 km² and a population of 3,168 people.

Mura

Mura is a municipality in the comarca of Bages, Province of Barcelona, in Catalonia, Spain.

It has an area of 47.67 km² and a population of 231 people.

Navarcles

Navarcles is a municipality in the comarca of Bages, Province of Barcelona, in Catalonia, Spain.

It has an area of 5.501 km² and a population of 6,060 people.

Navàs

Navàs is a municipality in the comarca of Bages, Province of Barcelona, in Catalonia, Spain.

It has an area of 80.76 km² and a population of 5,989 people.

El Pont de Vilomara i Rocafort

El Pont de Vilomara i Rocafort is a municipality in the comarca of Bages, Province of Barcelona, in Catalonia, Spain.

It has an area of 27.65 km² and a population of 4,015 people.

Rajadell

Rajadell is a municipality in the comarca of Bages, Province of Barcelona, in Catalonia, Spain.

It has an area of 45.46 km² and a population of 550 people.

Monster High (TV series)

Monster High is an animated television series.

The series follows Frankie Stein, Draculaura and Clawdeen Wolf, the respective children of Frankenstein, Dracula and a Werewolf, as well as other children of famous mythical monsters they navigate the hilarity of high school in the hallowed halls of Monster High.

Interstate 405 (Washington)

Interstate 405 (I-405) is an auxiliary Interstate Highway of I-5 located in the Seattle region of Washington, United States. It goes north-south as it bypasses Seattle east of Lake Washington, going through the Eastside area of King and Snohomish counties. The highway goes through the cities of Renton, Bellevue, Kirkland, and Bothell. I-405 also intersects a lot of other major highways, including I-90, Washington State Route (SR) 167, SR 520, and SR 522. I-405 is one of the busiest highways in the state, and is often the most busiest during peak travel times, leading to long traffic delays for travelers.

Gavi (footballer)

Pablo Martín Páez Gavira (; born 5 August 2004), known as Gavi (), is a Spanish footballer. He plays as a central midfielder for La Liga club Barcelona and the Spain national team. He won the Golden Boy and Kopa trophy, regarding him as one of the most promising players in the world.

Rafael Leão

Rafael Alexandre da Conceição Leão (; born 10 June 1999) is a Portuguese footballer. He plays as a forward for Serie A club AC Milan and the Portugal national team.

Leão made his first-team debut in 2018 after graduating from the Sporting CP youth system, winning the 2017–18 Taça da Liga. He terminated his contract because of an incident in the club. Shortly after, he joined Ligue 1 club Lilie on a free transfer. AC Milan signed him in 2019 for a reported fee of €35 million. In his third season in the club, he helped them win the 2021–22 Serie A, which ended the club's lack of league titles for 11-years. He was also voted Serie A Most Valuable Player and was listed among the 30-man shortlist for the Ballon d'Or.

Jadon Sancho

Jadon Malik Sancho (born 25 March 2000) is an English footballer. He plays as a winger for Premier League club Manchester United and the England national team. He is considered one of the best players in the world, due to his trickery, game intelligence, pace and use of feints in one-on-one situations.

He was a youth player for Watford and Manchester City. He then signed his first senior contract with Borussia Dortmund in 2017. In his second season, he established himself as a first-team regular and was named in the 2018–19 Bundesliga Team of the Season. In the 2019 - 2020 season, Sancho won his first trophy following the DFL-Supercup victory over Bayern Munich. He was named runner-up in both the Golden Boy and Kopa Trophy awards in 2019. Sancho returned to England to sign for Manchester United in 2021.

Sancho was part of the England youth team that won the 2017 FIFA U-17 World Cup and made his debut for the senior team in 2018.

Richarlison

Richarlison de Andrade (born 10 May 1997), known monoymously (one word name) as Richarlison (), is a Brazilian footballer. He plays as a forward for Premier League club Tottenham Hotspur and the Brazil national team.

He began his professional career with América Mineiro in 2015. He won promotion from the Campeonato Brasileiro Série B in his only season with the club before transferring to Fluminense. He played a total of 67 matches, scoring 19 goals in his two years at Fluminense and was named the Team of the Season when the club finished as runners-up in the 2017 Campeonato Carioca. He then signed for Watford, and a year later Everton. He later signed for Tottenham Hotspur in 2022.

At the international level, Richarlison made his senior debut for Brazil in 2019. He was a member of the team that won the 2019 Copa América, came runners-up at the 2021 Copa América and won a gold medal at the 2020 Olympic tournament, also playing at the 2022 FIFA World Cup.

Metre (music)

Metre is the way the rhythm is replicated, usually written down as a time signature. Music is divided into parts of time called measures (they're divided by vertical lines on written music), and the basic unit of division in the measure is a beat.
Dead Space (2023 video game)

Dead Space is a 2023 survival horror video game developed by Motive Studio and published by Electronic Arts. A remake of the 2008 game of the same name developed by EA Redwood Shores, it was released on January 27, 2023, for PlayStation 5, Windows, and Xbox Series X/S. It is the first release in the Dead Space series since 2013's Dead Space 3. The game received generally favorable reviews from critics, with general praise for its improvements to the original.

The Escapists

The Escapists is a 2015 simulation strategy role playing video game. It is about escaping prisons. The game has a sequel called The Escapists 2 (2017).

Team17

Team17 Group plc is a British video game developer and publisher based in Wakefield, England that was created in December 1990 when British publisher 17-Bit Software and Swedish developer Team 7 merged. At the time, the two companies were led by Michael Robinson, Martyn Brown and Debbie Bestwick, and Andreas Tadic, Rico Holmes and Peter Tuleby. Bestwick later became Team17's CEO. After their first game, "Full Contact" (1991) for the Amiga, the studio made more number-one releases on that platform and saw big success with Andy Davidson's "Worms" in 1995. 

Near Wild Heaven

"Near Wild Heaven" is a 1991 song by alternative rock band R.E.M. and is the third single from their 7th studio album "Out of Time". It went to number 3 in Ireland and number 27 in the United Kingdom. It did not chart in the United States.

All songs written by Bill Berry, Peter Buck, Mike Mills, and Michael Stipe unless otherwise indicated.




Lists of monarchs in the British Isles

Lists of monarchs in the British Isles are lists of monarchs that have reigned over the various kingdoms and other states that have existed in the British Isles throughout recorded history. They include monarchs of Britain as a whole, and monarchs of states that covered part or whole of what are now England, Ireland, Scotland, Wales and the Isle of Man.






Jongmyo (shrine)

A Jongmyo () or Taimiao () is a temple in China. They are very old temples where people honored their ancestors who were important and powerful. Nobles and rulers are honored in these temples. The word ""Jong"" (宗) means "ancestral" and ""Myo"" means "temple." (庙) The first Jongmyo found was at the Yinxu Palace and Temple Site in Anyang, China. As of 2023, it has not been excavated. In the past, only important people were allowed to have these temples for their ancestors. People who did not have much power were not allowed to make these temples. This is according to a writing called "The Xunzi-Liturgy."

In old China, temples were seen as important symbols of the country. They were often linked to the idea of "land and food". Damaging a temple was seen as a serious crime. For example, in the laws of the Tang dynasty, destroying a temple was act of "treason."

The word "Jongmyo" in Korean or "Zongmiao" in Chinese comes from two characters. These are "宗" (Zong), which means "ancestors", and "庙" (Miao), which means "temple." 

There is another similar word called "Taimiao." In this word, "太" (Tai) replaces "宗" (Zong) and "太" means "highest."

The Yinxu Palace and Temple is an old temple. It was build over 3,300 years ago for the emperor of the Yin dynasty in China. The palace and temple were found in the city of Anyang in Henan Province. Many things from the same time period, like the Simu Xin Ding, have also been found there. In 2006, it was chosen as a World Heritage Site.

The Imperial Ancestral Temple is on the east side of Tiananmen Square in Beijing. It was a temple where the emperors of the Ming and Qing dynasties honored their ancestors. In 1924, it became a park for peace. In 1950, its name was changed to the Beijing Working People's Cultural Palace. Today, it is considered a very important part of China's cultural heritage. The site is protected by the government as a National Key Cultural Relics Protection Unit.

The Temple of the Emperors was a place where the Three Sovereigns and Five Emperors were worshipped. The emperors from the Ming and Qing dynasties were also worshipped there. It was first built in Yingtian Prefecture, which is now called Nanjing. It was moved to Shuntian Prefecture, which is now Beijing. The temple is on Fuchengmennei Street in the Xicheng District of Beijing.

The Jongmyo system was brought to Korea from China by the Silla kingdom. The first Jongmyo temple was built in 1394 by King Taejo of Joseon. It is believed to be the oldest royal Confucian temple in the world. In 1995, the temple was added to the World Heritage List by UNESCO. The Jongmyo ritual is a Confucian ceremony that honors the Joseon Dynasty monarchs and princesses. It takes place every year on the first Sunday in May at the Jongmyo temple in Seoul, Korea. The music played during this ceremony is a type of Korean court music. It is called Jongmyo ritual music. The music was recognized as an intangible cultural heritage by UNESCO in 2001.

The Ise Grand Shrine and Iwashimizu Hachimangū of Japan are known as the "Nisho no Sōtō". They are important places for worship for the imperial family. The imperial shrine in the Three Palace Sanctuaries of the Tokyo Imperial Palace is where the spirits of the Emperors of Japan are honored.

During the Edo period, the Nikkō Tōshō-gū and other mausoleums of the Tokugawa family were the temples of the Tokugawa Shogunate. The shoguns would regularly go to these temples to pay their respects. There was also a place in Edo Castle where the Shogun's family could honor their ancestors. It was called the Gobudo-no-mikoto in Ōkoku.

During the Ryukyu Second Shō dynasty, the Enkaku-ji Temple was a special temple built to honor the previous king. The Tenno-ji Temple and the Tenkai-ji Temple were dedicated to the memory of past monarchs. The Ryufu-ji Temple was created to honor the spirits of the kings of the First Shō dynasty.

Thế Miếu, also known as Thế Tổ Miếu, is a temple in the Imperial City of Huế, Vietnam. It was built to honor the emperors of Vietnam.


Tian

Tian (Heaven, 天) is a very old idea in Chinese culture. It was important in Chinese stories, ideas and religion a long time ago. During the Shang dynasty (17th to 11th centuries BCE), the Chinese people worshiped a god called Shàngdì, which means "Lord on High". During the Zhou dynasty, the same god was called Tiān. For many centuries, worshiping Heaven was a big part of the official religion in China.

Taoism and Confucianism talk about Tiān (天), which is the part of the universe that is up in the sky, and is often called "Heaven." They also talk about Dì (地), which is the part of the universe that is on the ground and is often called "Earth." These two things are connected and work together.Taoism and Confucianism talk about Tiān and Dì. Tiān is in the sky and is called Heaven. Dì is on the ground and is called Earth. These two parts of the world make up the Three Realms. The middle part is where people live. The lower part is where demons and ghosts are found.

The word "Tiān" means heaven in Chinese. The modern character for "Tiān" is made up of two parts, "dà" which means "big" or "great", and "yī" which means "one". In the past, the character for "Tiān" was made to look like a person with a big head. Some old characters even show the person with their arms stretched out, looking big and important. The ancient characters for "Tiān" also had a round or square head, or a head marked with one or two lines. This might suggest that the original meaning was "a powerful deity", not just the sky.

Tiān (天) is part of many Chinese words. Here are some important ones:



Ise Grand Shrine

The Ise Grand Shrine (伊勢神宮, Ise Jingū) is a religious site in Ise, Japan. It's for the sun goddess Amaterasu. The shrine is made up of many smaller shrines, with two main shrines called Naikū (内宮) and Gekū (外宮). People simply call it Jingū (神宮).

The Naikū Shrine (officially called "Kōtai Jingū") is in Uji-tachi, near Ise. It's where people worship Amaterasu, the sun goddess, who they believe lives there. The buildings are made of wood from a tree called cypress and they don't use nails to put them together. Instead, they use a special way of joining the wood. The Gekū Shrine (officially called "Toyouke Daijingū") is about 6 kilometers from Naikū. It's for Toyouke-Ōmikami, the god of farming, getting food from crops, and work. Besides the Naikū and Gekū shrines, there are 123 more Shinto shrines in and around Ise City. 91 of them are connected to Naikū and 32 are connected to Gekū.

People say the Sacred Mirror "Yata no Kagami" is kept at this shrine. It's one of the most important and holiest places in the Shinto religion.You can only see the central buildings from the outside, because they're behind four tall wooden fences. Visitors can walk around in the forest and see the old walkways from the Meiji period.

A long time ago, about one out of every ten Japanese people would make a special trip to the shrine. This was very popular and happened a lot, both for religious and business reasons. According to old records, in 1625 over 3.62 million people visited the shrine in 50 days. And in 1829, during a big festival that happens every 20 years, 1.18 million people came to the shrine in just three days.People consider the shrine a sacred place, so they don't check for security. It's considered disrespectful to the shrine. There's a path that people take on their pilgrimage between the two main shrines, and it goes through a neighborhood called Furuichi.

The person in charge of the shrine must be from the Japanese royal family. They make sure the shrine is taken care of. Right now, the person in charge is Princess Sayako Kuroda, who is the daughter of Emperor Emeritus Akihito.

Indigenous People of Biafra

The Indigenous People of Biafra is a militant group that fights for the independence of Biafra from Nigeria. Its founder and leader is Nnamdi Kanu. It has "brought both local and international attention to the plight of Ndigbo in Nigeria".

It's Madness

"It's Madness" is a 1985 song by Marvin Gaye and is the second posthumous song from his 18th studio album "Dream of a Lifetime". It was produced by Harvey Fuqua and was recorded in the early 1970s.

Niger Delta Avengers

The Niger Delta Avengers is a militant group that fights for the independence of the Niger Delta region from Nigeria. They are known for attacking oil production facilities in the Niger Delta.

Christian Association of Nigeria

The Christian Association of Nigeria is a Christian organization that acts as an umbrella body for most of the Christian denominations in Nigeria. The CAN is known all over the world to speak in defence of the Christian faith and "to pray for the country to remain as one".

Peter Palmer Ekeh

Peter Palmer Ekeh (August 8, 1937 - November 17, 2020), simply known as Peter Ekeh, was a Nigerian sociologist and university teacher.
He was a professor, the chairman of the Department of Political Science at the University of Ibadan (1978-1983) and the chairman of the Ibadan University Press (1983-1988).
He was the President and founding chairman of the Urhobo Historical Society, which he founded in 1999 and through which "Urhobo culture and history have been studied and preserved".
He was also the founder of the Nigerian Scholars for Dialogue.
He was recognized globally as a seasoned writer, with many highly respected books and articles to his credit.
His 1975 article: "Colonialism and the Two Publics in Africa: A Theoretical Statement" is one of the most cited works in the field of African, political and sociological studies in several universities all over the world.
He was remembered as a husband, father, grandfather, and scholar.

Carter Pewterschmidt

Carter Pewterschmidt is a character from the comedy show Family Guy.

He is the rich father of Lois Griffin, who is the wife to the shows main character, Peter Griffin. Pewterschmidt is married to Babs Pewterschmidt and is voiced by the shows creator, Seth MacFarlane.

Siege of Vienna

The siege of Vienna, in 1529, was the first attempt by the Ottoman Empire to capture the capital city of Vienna, Austria, Holy Roman Empire. Suleiman the Magnificent, sultan of the Ottomans, attacked the city with over 100,000 men, while the defenders, led by Niklas Graf Salm, numbered no more than 21,000. Nevertheless, Vienna was able to survive the siege, which ultimately lasted just over two weeks, from 27 September to 15 October, 1529.

The siege came in the aftermath of the 1526 Battle of Mohács, which had resulted in the death of Louis II, King of Hungary, and the descent of the kingdom into civil war. Following Louis' death, rival factions within Hungary selected two successors: Archduke Ferdinand I of Austria, supported by the House of Habsburg, and John Zápolya. Zápolya would eventually seek aid from, and become a vassal of the Ottoman Empire, after Ferdinand began to take control of western Hungary, including the city of Buda.

The Ottoman attack on Vienna was part of the empire's intervention into the Hungarian conflict, and in the short term sought to secure Zápolya's position. Historians offer conflicting interpretations of the Ottoman's long-term goals, including the motivations behind the choice of Vienna as the campaign's immediate target. Some modern historians suggest that Suleiman's primary objective was to assert Ottoman control over all of Hungary, including the western part (known as Royal Hungary) that was then still under Habsburg control. Some scholars suggest Suleiman intended to use Hungary as a staging ground for further invasion of Europe.

The failure of the Siege of Vienna marked the beginning of 150 years of bitter military tension between the Habsburgs and Ottomans, punctuated by reciprocal attacks, and culminating in a second Siege of Vienna in 1683.

In August 1526, Sultan Suleiman I decisively defeated the forces of King Louis II of Hungary at the Battle of Mohács, paving the way for the Ottomans to gain control of south-eastern Hungary; the childless King Louis died, possibly drowning when he attempted to escape the battlefield. His brother-in-law, Archduke Ferdinand I of Austria, brother of Holy Roman Emperor Charles V, claimed the vacant Hungarian throne. Ferdinand won recognition only in western Hungary; a noble called John Zápolya, from a power-base in Transylvania, challenged him for the crown and was recognised as king by Suleiman in return for accepting vassal status within the Ottoman Empire. Thus Hungary became divided into three zones: Royal Hungary, Ottoman Hungary and the Principality of Transylvania, an arrangement which persisted until 1700.

Following the Diet of Pozsony (modern Bratislava) on 26 October, Ferdinand was declared king of Royal Hungary due to the agreement between his and Louis's families, cemented by Ferdinand's marriage to Louis's sister Anna and Louis's marriage to Ferdinand's sister Mary. Ferdinand set out to enforce his claim on Hungary and captured Buda in 1527, only to relinquish his hold on it in 1529 when an Ottoman counter-attack stripped Ferdinand of all his territorial gains.

In the spring of 1529, Suleiman mustered a large army in Ottoman Bulgaria, with the aim of securing control over all of Hungary at his new borders by Ferdinand I and the Holy Roman Empire. Estimates of Suleiman's army vary widely from 120,000 to more than 300,000 men, as mentioned by various chroniclers. As well as numerous units of "Sipahi", the elite mounted force of the Ottoman cavalry, and thousands of janissaries, the Ottoman army incorporated a contingent from Moldavia and renegade Serbian warriors from the army of John Zápolya. Suleiman acted as the commander-in-chief (as well as personally leading his force), and in April he appointed his Grand Vizier (the highest Ottoman minister), a Greek former slave called Ibrahim Pasha, as "Serasker", a commander with powers to give orders in the sultan's name.

Suleiman launched his campaign on 10 May, 1529 and faced numerous obstacles from the onset. The spring rains that are characteristic of south-eastern Europe and the Balkans were particularly heavy that year, causing flooding in Bulgaria and rendering parts of the route used by the army barely passable. Many large-calibre cannons and artillery pieces became hopelessly mired or bogged down, leaving Suleiman no choice but to abandon them, while camels brought from the empire's Eastern provinces, not used to the difficult conditions, were lost in large numbers. Sickness and poor health became common among the janissaries, claiming many lives along the perilous journey.

Suleiman arrived in Osijek on 6 August. On the 18th he reached the Mohács plain, to be greeted by a substantial cavalry force led by John Zápolya (which would later accompany Suleiman to Vienna), who paid him homage and helped him recapture several fortresses lost since the Battle of Mohács to the Austrians, including Buda, which fell on 8 September. The only resistance came at Pozsony, where the Turkish fleet was bombarded as it sailed up the Danube.

As the Ottomans advanced towards Vienna, the city's population organised an ad-hoc resistance formed from local farmers, peasants, and civilians determined to repel the inevitable attack. The defenders were supported by a variety of European mercenaries, namely German Landsknecht pikemen and professional Spanish harquebusiers, sent by Charles V, who was Holy Roman Emperor and King of Spain.

Queen Mary of Hungary, who was the sister of Charles V, in addition to 1,000 German Landsknechts under Count Niklas Salm, sent a contingent of 700–800 Spanish harquebusiers. Only 250 Spanish survived.

The Spanish were under the command of Marshal Luis de Ávalos, with captains Juan de Salinas, Jaime García de Guzmán, Jorge Manrique, and Cristóbal de Aranda. This elite infantry excelled in the defense of the northern area and with discretion fire prevented the Ottomans from settling in the Danube meadows, near the ramparts, where they could have breached with enough space to work. These elite soldiers also built additional palisades and trap pits that would be essential during the siege.

The Hofmeister of Austria, Wilhelm von Roggendorf, assumed charge of the defensive garrison, with operational command entrusted to a seventy-year-old German mercenary named Nicholas, Count of Salm, who had distinguished himself at the Battle of Pavia in 1525. Salm arrived in Vienna as head of the mercenary relief force and set about fortifying the three-hundred-year-old walls surrounding St. Stephen's Cathedral, near which he established his headquarters. To ensure the city could withstand a lengthy siege, he blocked the four city gates and reinforced the walls, which in some places were no more than six feet thick, and erected earthen bastions and an inner earthen rampart, levelling buildings where necessary to clear room for defences.

The Ottoman army that arrived in late September had been depleted during the long advance into Austrian territory, leaving Suleiman short of camels and heavy artillery. Many of his troops arrived at Vienna in poor health after the tribulations of the long march through the worst of the wet season. Of those fit to fight, a third were or "Sipahis", ill-suited for siege warfare. Three richly dressed Austrian prisoners were dispatched as emissaries by the Sultan to negotiate the city's surrender; Salm sent three richly dressed Muslims back without a response.

As the Ottoman army settled into position, the Austrian garrison launched sorties to disrupt the digging and mining of tunnels below the city's walls by Ottoman sappers, in one case almost capturing Ibrahim Pasha. The defending forces detected and successfully detonated several mines that had been intended to breach the walls. On 6 October, 8,000 men were dispatched to attack the Ottoman mining operations. They succeeded in destroying many of the tunnels, but they sustained heavy losses when the confined space hindered their return to the city.
More rain fell on 11 October, and with the Ottomans failing to breach the walls, the prospect of victory began to fade. In addition, Suleiman was facing critical shortages of food, water and other supplies, while casualties, sickness, and desertions began to take their toll. The janissaries began voicing their displeasure at the lack of progress, demanding a decision on whether to remain or abandon the siege. The Sultan convened an official council on 12 October to deliberate the matter. It was decided to attempt one final, major assault on Vienna, an "all or nothing" gamble. The assault was launched on 14 October, but despite extra rewards being offered to the troops, it was beaten back, with the defenders' arquebuses and long pikes proving decisive. The following day, with supplies running low and winter approaching, Suleiman called off the siege and ordered a withdrawal to Constantinople.

With unusually heavy snowfall, conditions deteriorated. The Ottoman retreat was hampered by muddy roads along which their horses and camels struggled to pass. Pursuing Austrian horsemen took many stragglers prisoner, although there was no Austrian counter-attack. The Ottomans reached Buda on 26 October, Belgrade on 10 November and their destination, Constantinople, on 16 December.

Some historians speculate that Suleiman's final assault was not necessarily intended to take the city but to cause as much damage as possible and weaken it for a later attack, a tactic he had employed at Buda in 1526. Suleiman would lead another campaign against Vienna in 1532, but it never truly materialised as his force was stalled by the Croatian Captain Nikola Jurišić during the siege of Güns (Kőszeg). Nikola Jurišić with only 700–800 Croatian soldiers managed to delay his force until winter closed in. Charles V, now largely aware of Vienna's vulnerability and weakened state, assembled 80,000 troops to confront the Ottoman force. Instead of going ahead with a second siege attempt, the Ottoman force turned back, laying waste the south-eastern Austrian state of Styria in their retreat. The two Viennese campaigns in essence marked the extreme limit of Ottoman logistical capability to field large armies deep in central Europe at the time.

The 1529 campaign produced mixed results. Buda was brought back under the control of the Ottoman vassal John Zápolya, strengthening the Ottoman position in Hungary. The campaign left behind a trail of collateral damage in neighbouring Habsburg Hungary and Austria that impaired Ferdinand's capacity to mount a sustained counter-attack. However, Suleiman failed to force Ferdinand to engage him in open battle, and was thus unable to enforce his ideological claim to superiority over the Habsburgs. The attack on Vienna led to a rapprochement between Charles V and Pope Clement VII, and contributed to the Pope's coronation of Charles V as Holy Roman Emperor on February 24, 1530. The outcome of the campaign was presented as a success by the Ottomans, who used the opportunity to show off their imperial grandeur by staging elaborate ceremonies for the circumcision of princes Mustafa, Mehmed, and Selim.

Ferdinand I erected a funeral monument for the German commander Nicholas, Count of Salm, head of the mercenary relief force dispatched to Vienna, as a token of appreciation of his efforts. Nicholas survived the initial siege attempt, but had been injured during the last Ottoman assault and died on May 4, 1530. The Renaissance sarcophagus is now on display in the baptistery of the Votivkirche cathedral in Vienna. Ferdinand's son, Maximilian II, later built the Castle of Neugebaeude on the spot where Suleiman is said to have pitched his tent during the siege.

Marine Parade

Marine Parade is a planning area and residential estate located in the Central Region of Singapore. Marine Parade is on the tip of the East Coast Park. Marine Parade is at the eastern portion of the Central Reigion.

It boarders five other planning areas. It is the planning areas of Geylang to the north, Kallang to the northwest, Bedok to the northeast, Marina East to the southwest and the Singapore Straits to the south.

Throughout the early to mid 20th century, Marine Parade was a haven for the wealthy community of Singapore. Katong Laska was also founded in Marine Parade around this time. 

Since World War Two affected Singapore, after the war, Marine Parade was heavily destroyed. Due to the destruction, a seawall needed repair and the area needed redevelopment. After an argument between the colonial government and the city council, S$318,000 was given to the city council. That money was used to repair the seawall and develop Marine Parade.

In 1966, the Singaporean government wanted to improve the East Coast in Singapore. It by reclaiming land and building new public housing estates. 

In 1966, land reclamation works were started around Marine Parade as part of the larger reclamation project planned for the East Coast. 

In the 1970s, the estate was mostly completed. There were new Housing Development Board (HDB) blocks and spaces for the residents.

Marine Parade mainly consists of HDB flats. Today, many private condominiums are also being built in the area.

Marine Parade will be soon served by a few stations on the Mass Rapid Transit network. It will be served on the Thomson-East Coast Line. It will be opened in stage four, which is in 2024.

The Marine Parade Community Building is a three story complex. It was completed in 2000. The complex is famous for it's wall mural around the building. It is called ""Texturefulness of Life"".

The building is home to the Marine Parade Community Club, the Marine Parade Public Library and a performing arts group, The Necessary Stage.

Marine Parade is served by a town centre. Named the Marine Parade Promenade, the centre itself consists of several neighbourhood shops, Parkway Centre and a commercial complex. The complex is named Parkway Parade and it houses offices and a shopping mall.

Marine Terrace Haven consists of many shops. It houses the Marine Parade Town Council Office and Marine Parade Neighbourhood Police Centre.

Marine Parade has many schools. The bottom shows the schools in Marine Parade.


Mountbatten, Singapore

Mountbatten (also known as "Mountbatten Estate") is a neighbourhood located in Singapore.

The neighbourhood is named after Lord Louis Mountbatten, the Supreme Allied Commander of the South East Asia Command. He accepted the surrender of Singapore to the Japanese.

Mountbatten has some popular complexes or buildings.


Mountbatten is served by the Mass Rapid Transit. It has two stations in the neighbourhood. It is Mountbatten MRT station and Dakota MRT station on the Circle MRT line. 

TurboTax

TurboTax is software made by Intuit to make filing taxes easier. Created in 1984, TurboTax has risen in popularity over time. The rise of programs such as TurboTax can be blamed on the difficulty of the Free File program offered by the U.S. Government.

TurboTax had bad press coverage when it was accused of hiding the free version of the software.

Kumari Moktan

Kumari Moktan (Nepali: कुमारी मोक्तान) is a Nepalese politician and member of the Bagmati Provincial Assembly since 2018. She is currently serving as Minister for Social Development of Bagmati Province.

Cornufer desticans

Cornufer desticans is a frog. Scientitsts have seen it in two places: Barora Island and Choiseul Island in the Solomon Islands. Scientists saw it between 0 and 10 meters above sea level.

This frog lives in trees.

Interstate 820

Interstate 820 (I-820) is a loop of I-20 in Fort Worth, Texas, about long. The highway goes around the city, providing an easy route for travelers to bypass downtown Fort Worth and access the many suburbs in the area. The highway connects to many other major highways in the area, such as I-20, I-30, and I-35W.

Etheridge Knight

Etheridge Knight (April 19, 1931 – March 10, 1991) was an African-American poet. 

Knight left school after 9th grade. He was underage in 1947, but he signed his parents' signatures to join the U. S. Army in 1947. He fought in the Korean War and he was hurt by flying metal. He left the Army in 1951. He became addicted to drugs and alcohol. He broke laws to make money for his addiction. In 1960 he was arrested for robbery. He was put into the Indiana State Prison. Later, he said, “I died in Korea from a shrapnel wound and narcotics resurrected me. I died in 1960 from a prison sentence and poetry brought me back to life.”

He started writing poetry in prison. Sometimes he was visited there by poets Gwendolyn Brooks, Sonia Sanchez, and Dudley Randall. They talked with him about his writing. He was let out of prison in 1969 and married Sanchez. His drug addiction soon led to their divorce.

From 1969 to 1972 he was the poet in residence at the University of Pittsburgh, the University of Hartford, and Lincoln University.

Knight was given money from the National Endowment for the Arts in 1972 and 1981 and a Guggenheim Foundation fellowship in 1974. He was given the Shelley Award by the Poetry Society of America in 1985. In 1990 he got a bachelor’s degree in American poetry and criminal justice from Martin Center University in Indianapolis.

Knight died of lung cancer in 1991.




Imperial Ancestral Temple

The Imperial Ancestral Temple, also called Taimiao, was a place for ceremonies honoring the ancestors of the imperial family during the Ming and Qing dynasties in Beijing, China. It was located in the Imperial City near the Forbidden City. It is a Jongmyo

The temple was made up of several buildings in three large courtyards separated by walls. The most important building was the Hall for Worship of Ancestors, which was one of the four buildings in Beijing that stood on a three-tiered platform, showing its great importance. In this hall, there were seats and beds for the tablets of emperors and empresses, as well as incense burners and offerings. The emperor would come here to participate in large ceremonies honoring the ancestors.

There were also two long, narrow buildings on the sides of the Hall for Worship of Ancestors. One building was for worshiping meritorious courtiers, while the other was for various princes of the Ming or Qing dynasty. Behind the Hall for Worship of Ancestors, there were two other main halls, one of which was built in 1420 and used to store imperial spirit tablets.

By the 1920s, the Imperial Ancestral Temple became a public park called the Working People's Cultural Palace. Today, the park has expanded from its original size and is located east of Tiananmen Square. This park, along with several other parks like Zhongshan Park, Beihai Park, and Jingshan Park, have a deep connection to the Forbidden City.


Palazzo Passarelli

The The Palace Passarelli is a palace in Viale Beatrice d'Este 22, Milano, Italy, designed by Lucio Passarelli and Giuseppe Chiodi, in the historic center of Milan inside the luxurious Quadronno District, which collects the open-air masterpieces of numerous archistars of the fifties.

This Milanese residential building, belonging to the MAC-Concrete Art Movement with inspirations from Le Corbusier, Louis Kahn, James Stirling and is located in Viale Beatrice d'Este.

It is said that Lucio Fontana followed the works of the adjacent buildings which are the maximum expressions in the architectural design of the MAC movement.

• Design: 1958-1959
• Execution: 1958
• reference date: 1958 - 1959


Golden tower

The Golden tower (Torre d'Oro) is a palace made with real 24 Carat Gold in Largo Isarco 2, in the corner with via Orobia in Milano, Italy, designed by Rem Koolhaas commissioned by Miuccia Prada , inside the luxurious Prada District of Fondazione Prada.

This Milanese building, build in 2015 on a plant that dates back to 1910, it is made with 200,000 beaten gold leaf, with a technique that dates back to the 600s.

The Dutchman Rem Koolhaas designed some of the most significant buildings of recent decades won the Pritzker Prize (the Nobel architecture) in 2000 and the Golden Lion at the Venice Biennale in 2010.

• Design: 2011-2015
• Execution: 2013
• reference date: 2011 - 2015



Charli XCX discography

This is the discography of the English singer Charli XCX.


Goshogawara, Aomori

From Japanese census data,


Sant Feliu Sasserra

Sant Feliu Sasserra is a municipality in the comarca of Bages, Province of Barcelona, in Catalonia, Spain.

It has an area of 23.03 km² and a population of 615 people.

Sant Fruitós de Bages

Sant Fruitós de Bages is a municipality in the comarca of Bages, Province of Barcelona, in Catalonia, Spain.

It has an area of 21.94 km² and a population of 8,940 people.

Sant Joan de Vilatorrada

Sant Joan de Vilatorrada is a municipality in the comarca of Bages, Province of Barcelona, in Catalonia, Spain.

It has an area of 16.43 km² and a population of 10,847 people.

Sant Mateu de Bages

Sant Mateu de Bages is a municipality in the comarca of Bages, Province of Barcelona, in Catalonia, Spain.

It has an area of 102.3 km² and a population of 615 people.

Sant Salvador de Guardiola

Sant Salvador de Guardiola is a municipality in the comarca of Bages, Province of Barcelona, in Catalonia, Spain.

It has an area of 37.11 km² and a population of 3,245 people.

Sant Vicenç de Castellet

Sant Vicenç de Castellet is a municipality in the comarca of Bages, Province of Barcelona, in Catalonia, Spain.

It has an area of 17.38 km² and a population of 9,838 people.

Súria

Súria is a municipality in the comarca of Bages, Province of Barcelona, in Catalonia, Spain.

It has an area of 23.61 km² and a population of 5,916 people.

Talamanca

Talamanca is a municipality in the comarca of Bages, Province of Barcelona, in Catalonia, Spain.

It has an area of 29.30 km² and a population of 222 people.

I'll Be There for You (Bon Jovi song)

"I'll Be There for You" is a 1989 song by American hard rock band Bon Jovi. It is the third single from their fourth studio album "New Jersey". It went to number 1 in the United States, number 2 in Canada, number 6 in Ireland, number 15 in Switzerland, number 16 in New Zealand, number 18 in the United Kingdom and number 23 in Australia.

These Days (Bon Jovi album)

These Days (also known as these days) is the sixth studio album by American hard rock band Bon Jovi. It was released on 27 June, 1995 through Mercury Records. It was the first album following the dismissal of Alec John Such. It went to number 1 in Australia, Austria, Finland, Germany, Ireland, Japan, the Netherlands, Portugal, Scotland, Switzerland and the United Kingdom. It went to number 9 in the United States.

These Days (Bon Jovi song)

"These Days" is a 1996 song by American hard rock band Bon Jovi. It was the fourth single from their sixth studio album of the same name. It went to number 7 in the United Kingdom, number 8 in Scotland, number 10 in Lithuania, number 22 in Ireland, number 25 in Iceland and number 31 in Switzerland. It did not chart in the United States.

Australasian CD single

UK CD1

UK CD2

UK cassette single and European CD single

Japanese CD1

Japanese CD2

Takashi Iizuka

Takashi Iizuka is the head of Sonic Team and played in the Sonic Movie as a Cameo as a Person eating Food and made a Cameo in the Team Sonic Racing live action commercial as a Cashier.

Rolfe Kent

Rolfe R. Kent (born April 18, 1963) is an English film score composer.

Manichaean scripture

The Manichaean religion has nine main books as part of its scripture: seven of them are the Seven Treatises, which were written by Mani himself in the Syriac language, one is the Shabuhragan, written by Mani in Middle Persian, and the last one is the Arzhang, a collection of illustrations created by Mani.

There is also a secondary literature called the Kephalaia, which gives comments and explanations on the scripture, but it is not considered part of the main scripture itself..

The Seven Treatises are seven important books in Manichaeism. They were written by the founder of the religion, Mani, and are considered to be the holy scriptures of Manichaeism.

Mani wanted to make a new religion that would bring everyone together. He thought that other religions were not good enough because they only worked when the person who started the religion was still alive. After that person died, the religion became broken into different parts and people did not follow it the same way. Mani believed that his new religion, Manichaeism, was better because it would be popular in every country and every language. He also thought that it would last forever because it had important books and leaders who would keep it strong.


Tunghai University

Tunghai University is a private university in Taichung, Taiwan.It was started on 1955, and it is the oldest privat university in Taiwan. The famous Luce Memorial Chapel is located on the campus.

Cao'an

Cao'an is the only temple left from the Manichaean religion. It is in Fujian, China. People thought it was a Buddhist temple but they were wrong. In 2021 it became a World Heritage Site.

Jay Khan

Jay Khan (born 31 March 1982) is an English singer-songwriter, crooner and actor.

Jay was born in London with a British-Pakistani descent. He moved to Berlin in 1998.

Jay was in a relationship for three years (2006-2009) with Lena Gercke - winner of the first season of the Heidi Klum show "Germany's Next Topmodel". From January to July 2011, he was in a relationship with singer Indira Weis.

Jay was shown in TV show Big in America. He was a permanent member of international boy band US5. He was a true member too, he stayed until 2010 with Izzy Gallegos & Richie Stringini.

Jay formed Team 5ünf with Marc Terenzi from Natural and the others. In 2018, he also recorded "Moskau" with Dschinghis Khan for the 2018 FIFA World Cup in Russia.

Bizarro (DC Comics)

Bizarro is a supervillain/anti-hero appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics. The character was created by writer Otto Binder and artist George Papp as a "mirror image" of Superman, and first appeared in "Superboy" #68 (1958). Debuting in the Silver Age of Comic Books (1956 – c. 1970), the character has often been portrayed as an antagonist to Superman, though on occasion he also takes on an anti-hero role. 

In addition to appearing the company's publications, he has also appeared in adapted media and tie-in products, such as animated and live-action television series, trading cards, toys, and video games.

Metallo

Metallo is a name used by multiple supervillains appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics, commonly as an adversary of Superman.

Metallo is usually depicted as a cyborg with a kryptonite power source in his heart, which he uses as a weapon against Superman. In 2009, Metallo was ranked as IGN's 52nd-greatest comic book villain of all time.

Rozalia Asfandiyarovna Sultangareeva

Rozalia Asfandiyarovna Sultangareeva () performer of folk songs, Bashkir folklorist, Doctor of Philology, Honored Worker of Culture of the Bashkir ASSR (1989).

She was born March 28, 1955 in the village Novosepyashevo, Alsheevsky district, Bashkir ASSR.

In 1978 she graduated from the philological faculty of the Bashkir State Pedagogical Institute. In 1988, she wrote her PhD thesis. In 2002, she wrote her doctoral thesis on the topic: "Family and everyday ritual folklore of the Bashkir people."

Since 1991 she has worked as a senior researcher at the Institute of History, Language and Literature of the USC RAS. She collected Bashkir folklore.

Together with A. Suleymanov, she prepared for publication the 1st volume of the "Bashkir Folk Art" ("Башҡорт халыҡ ижады", 1995).

She is the Chief Researcher of the Institute of History, Language and Literature of the Ufa Scientific Center of the Russian Academy of Sciences.

She is the author of about 500 scientific researches on folklore choreography.

She raised the oral Bashkir folklore to the modern stage.

Rites, choreography, games, epic poems, religious folklore; stories, traditional culture, mythology.
Rozalia Sultangareeva performs oral Bashkir folklore. She composes improvisations in the folklore style about the members of the Bashkir culture, about the past of Bashkortostan.

Honored Worker of Culture of the Bashkortostan

Diploma winner at the 12th World Festival of Youth and Students in Moscow (1985),

Laureate of the International akyns and sesens competition in Alma-Ata (1996),

Laureate of the All-Russian competition of folk song performers in Smolensk (1991),

Laureate of the republican competition of folk song performers for the prize. G. Almukhametova (1984)

Literary Prize after Akmullah (1991)

Laureate of the International competition of akyns, jyrchy and dastanchi. (Alma-Ata, 1997)

Laureate of the All-Russian competition "Voices of Russia" (Smolensk, 1991)

Cavalier of the Order of Salavat Yulaev (2005)

Honorary Diploma of the Republic of Bashkortostan (2016)



Zee World

Zee World is an English-language Bollywood entertainment pay television channel in South Africa. It started on 3 February 2015 as the first English-dubbed Bollywood channel in Africa. Zee Entertainment Enterprises owns it.



Tomé

Tomé () is a port city and commune in the Biobío Region of Chile. It is bordered by Coelemu to the north, Ránquil and Florida to the east, Penco to the south, and the Pacific Ocean to the west. The local economy is based mainly on textile manufacturing and fishing industry.

Limited liability partnership

A limited liability partnership (LLP) is a type of business entity. They are owned by two or more people. These people have signed an agreement on how they will run the business, and how the profits will be split. The partners have limited liability. They are not responsible for any another partner's negligence or bad behavior. They partners manage the business directly.

Accountants, lawyers and doctors often form partnerships.

The laws about partnerships is different in different countries.

Interstate 41

Interstate 41 (I-41) is a highway in the Midwestern states of Wisconsin and Illinois in the United States. The highway goes north-south from Russell, Illinois to Howard, Wisconsin. The highway also goes through the Wisconsin cities of Green Bay, Oshkosh, Fond du Lac, and Milwaukee. The highway also connects to other major highways, such as I-94 and I-43.

Nissan Versa

The Nissan Versa is a sedan made by Nissan. As one of the lowest price cars in the United States, it is mostly marketed on its fuel economy and affordability.

NHS 111

NHS 111 is a telephone service for non-emergency medical advice. Many ambulance services employ the staff who answer 111 calls. 

The service was started in England in February 2014. There are similar services in Wales and Scotland, using the same number. It is available 24 hours a day, every day. It replaced NHS Direct (08454647) which was run by nurses. 111 is run by call handlers using a clinical decision support system. They have access to nurses and general practitioners.

They can arrange appointments with general practitioners, out-of-hours services and emergency departments. In some cases, an ambulance may be sent to a 111 call if it is found to be more serious than expected.

111 online gives people access to a triage system using NHS Pathways algorithms. Children under 5 are not to use it.

During the alarm over Streptococcal pharyngitis in December 2022 the service struggled to deal with the number of calls. On 3 December there were 95,000 calls, but 37% were not answered.

Cornufer custos

Cornufer custos is a frog. Scientitsts have seen it in only one place: Manus Island in Papua New Guinea.

Sodomy law

A sodomy law makes certain sexual acts a crime. Very often, the law mentions the term sodomy, but doesn't say precisely which sexual acts are covered. If the sexual acts are not spelled out, courts usually understand this to mean sexual acts that are "unnatural" or "immoral". Sodomy typically includes anal sex, oral sex, and bestiality. In practice, sodomy laws have rarely been enforced against heterosexual couples, and have mostly been used to target homosexual couples.

As of December 2022, 65 countries as well as four sub-national jurisdictions have laws criminalizing homosexuality. In 2006 that number was 92. Among these 66 countries, 42 criminalize not only male homosexuality but also female homosexuality. In 11 of them, homosexuality is punished with the death penalty.

In 2011, the United Nations Human Rights Council passed an LGBT rights resolution, which was followed up by a report published by the UN Human Rights Commissioner which included scrutiny of the mentioned codes.

Interstate 880

Interstate 880 may refer to:


Interstate 165

Interstate 165 is the designation for several highways in the United States, which are related to Interstate 65:


Interstate 840 (North Carolina)

Interstate 840 (I-840) is a auxiliary Interstate Highway of I-40 in the U.S. state of North Carolina. The highway is the northern half of the larger Greensboro Urban Loop beltway around the city of Greensboro. It connects to a lot of other major highways, such as I-40, I-73, I-85, and I-785.

Julian Lennon

Julian Charles John Lennon (b. 8 April 1963) is an English musician, photographer and philanthropist. He is the child of musician John Lennon and Cynthia Lennon, John's first wife. He was named after Julia Lennon, John Lennon's mother. She died in 1958, five years before Julian was born.

Julian was born shortly before Beatlemania started. This meant that John could not spend a lot of time with Julian. In 1968, John filed for divorce from Cynthia. He was leaving her to be with Yoko Ono. The divorce left Julian upset. After it, he could no longer spend time with his father. Beatles member Paul McCartney wrote Julian the song Hey Jude. Julian has spoken a lot about his father neglecting him. He stated:

Ringo Starr &amp; His All-Starr Band

Ringo Starr & His All-Starr Band is a live rock band founded in 1989 with constantly changing members. The band is led by the former Beatles drummer and vocalist Ringo Starr. 

Irresistible (The Corrs song)

"Irresistible" is a 2000 song by Irish band The Corrs and is the second single from their third studio album "In Blue". It went to the top twenty in the United Kingdom, Belgium, New Zealand, Romania and Scotland.

Standard CD and cassette single

European CD single

List of Dexter's Laboratory episodes

Private Dancer (Tina Turner song)

"Private Dancer" is a 1984 song by Tina Turner and is the third single from her fifth studio album "Private Dancer". It went to number 4 in the Netherlands, number 5 in Belgium and New Zealand, number 6 in Spain, number 7 in the United States, number 11 in Canada and Finland, number 14 in Ireland, number 20 in Germany, number 21 in Australia and number 26 in the United Kingdom.


Akaroa

Akaroa is a small town in the Banks Peninsula in the Canterbury Region of the South Island. It is situated in the Akaroa Harbour and is 84 kilometres from Christchurch on State Highway 75. It has an area school and was historically settled by the French in the 1840s.


Worse Comes to Worst

"Worse Comes to Worst" is a 1974 song by Billy Joel and was taken from his second studio album "Piano Man". It went to number 62 in Canada and number 80 in the United States.

Frank L. Sommer

Frank Lewis Sommer (1852 - 1912) was an American clerk for Townsend & Wood, He eventually retired to become a baker. He was best known for his invention of the saltine cracker.

Nadrshina Fanuza Aitbaevna

Fanuza Aitbaevna Nadrshina (; born February 7, 1936) is a Bashkir folklorist, doctor of philological sciences. of the Salavat Yulaev State Prize (1987). She was the Order of Salavat Yulaev (2007). Honored Scientist of the Republic of Bashkortostan (2000). Honorary Member of the Academy of Sciences of the Republic of Bashkortostan (2016).

Nadrshina Fanuza Aitbaevna was born on February 7, 1936 in the village of Staro-Muradymovo Aurgazinsky , Bashkir ASSR.

In 1959 she from the Sterlitamak State Pedagogical Institute.

In 1954-1959 she was the head of the of the Aurgazinsky committee of the Komsomol, taught Russian language and literature, was the director of the school in the village of Tolbazy.

In 1962-1973 she works at the of History, Language and Literature of the Bashkir Branch of the USSR Academy of Sciences as a junior researcher, and since 1973 - a senior researcher. Now she is the chief of the Folkloristics Department of the Institute of the History of Language and Literature of the Russian Academy of Sciences.

Fanuza Nadrshina is the author of more than 200 scientific research, including 30 books, the encyclopedia "Salavat Yulaev", fundamental works "History of Bashkortostan from ancient times to the 60s of the XIX century." (1996), "History of the Bashkir people" (2010).

She in the of the multi-volume "Bashkir Folk Art" ("Bashkort Halyk Izhady"), for which, together with A. I. Kharisov, N. T. Zaripov, L. G. Barag, M. M. Sagitov and A. M. Suleimanov, in 1987 she was awarded the State Prize named after Salavat Yulaev.

- Songs of my folk / Compiler of the Musical Literary Species Collection - F.A. Kildiyarova; scientific ed., comp. literary part, auth. intro. Art., comment. and classification - F.A. Nadrshina; music ed. - F. A. Faizova. - Ufa: Song, 1995. - 183 p..
- Bashkort Folk songs, songs-legends /Author-compiler F. A. Nadrshina. - Ufa: Kitap, 1997. – 288 с.
- Bashkort Folk Legends / Author-compiler F. A. Nadrshina. - Ufa: Kitap, 2007. – p. 468 .
- Bashkir-English-Russian dictionary of adequate proverbs and sayings / Auth.-comp. F. Nadrshina, E. M. Zubairova [Sozinova]. - Ufa: Kitap, 2002. - 160 p.
- Ural batur. Bashkort Folk Epic /Project, intro. Art., preparation of texts - F. A. Nadrshina. - Ufa: Informreklama, 2003. - 465 p. 16 p. ill.
- Salavat in Bashkir Folklore, In 2 vol. Volume One: Legends / Project, comp., scientific. Ed., entry. Art. and comment. – F.A. Nadrshina. - Ufa: Informreklama, 2008 - 536 p.
- Salavat in Bashkir Folklore, In 2 vol. Volume Two: Epic, Songs and Baits / Project, comp., scientific. Ed., entry. Art. and comment. – F.A. Nadrshina. - Ufa: Informreklama, 2008 - 312 p.
- Bashkort Folk Epic Stories / Author-comp. - F.A. Nadrshina. - Ufa: Kitap, 2010. - 280 p..
- The Treasures of the Ancient Urals /Aut.-stat. F. A. Nadrshina, E. M. Sozinova. - Ufa: Kitap, 2019. 264 p.
- Pearls of the language=Die Perlen der Sprach=Les perles de la langue.Bashkort, Russian, Inglis, German, French F. A. Nadrshina, E. M. Sozinova, Sozinova, Ғ. g. Shafiqov, Z. A. Rakhimova, N. N. Akhtamova, E. M. Nukhova, F. S. Kudryasheva, R. Ҡ. Garipov, L. M. Toҡombatova. Ufa: Kitap, 2020. 216 p.

1996–97 Austrian Cup

The 1996-97 Austrian Cup was Austria's nationwide football cup competition. It was the 63rd season of the competition. SK Sturm Graz were the defending champions.

Heinz Weber – Martin Lang , Christoph Jank, Alexander Jank, Manfred Wachter (82. Manfred Preschern), Andreas Gutlederer, Hans Slunecko, Peter Pospisil, Franz Blizenec, Michael Strasser (70. Martin Cestnik), Zeljko Radovic<br>coach: Helmut Senekowitsch
Kazimierz Sidorczuk – Marek Świerczewski, Darko Milanič, Mario Posch, Martin Hiden, Jens Dowe, Roman Mählich, Hannes Reinmayr (87. Mario Haas), Marcus Pürk (70. Gilbert Prilasnig), Wolfgang Hopfer, Ivica Vastić <br>coach: Ivica Osim

Herfried Sabitzer

Herfried Sabitzer (born 19 October 1969) is a retired Austrian football player who represented the Austria national team. 
He started with the local club SC St. Georgen/Judenburg . His professional career started at Alpine Donawitz. There he scored 9 goals in his debut Bundesliga season. 1991 he went to to SV Casino Salzburg. 1993 he moved to LASK Linz. In 1995, he joined Grazer AK and scored 15 goals in the 1997/1998 season. It was his personal record. Then he moved back back to Salzburg. During the 2000/2001 season he went on to play for Second division side Bad Bleiberg and half a season later he moved on to SV Mattersburg. This was his last professional season. He scored 12 goals and Mattersburg was promoted to the Austrian Football Bundesliga. After that he played for lower class clubs till 2012.

He made his debut for Austria in 1992. He played 6 matches and scored one goal. His final international game was on 18 March 1997 in a friendly match against Slovenia.
He is the father of footballer Marcel Sabitzer. His son also plays for the national football team. His nephew Thomas Sabitzer is also professional footballer.

Bashkir folklore

Baskir folklore is the spoken folk art of the Bashkir people. These are songs, fairy tales, legends, epic poetry, and proverbs.
The creators and of Bashkir folklore are folk singers, story tellers, and folk dancers.
Bashkir folklore was created and told verbally by generations over the centuries.

The themes of Bashkir folklore were the views of ancient Bashkirs on nature, right and wrong, and life experience. Folklore was a source of their knowledge.

Features of the Bashkir follic is oral told and improvised.

Bashkir folklore can be fairy tales, epic poetry, fables, stories about how to be good, mysteries, jokes to make society improve, and proverbs.

In everyday life, Bashkir folklore is into rituals and children's folklore.

Bashkirs have many folk songs. Funny dances, game songs accompanied holidays and entertainment. The poetic of the tragic event is called "Bait". For example, Bait "Sak-sok", is abaut of the brothers cursed by their mother.

Counting, riddles are a genre of children's folklore.

Links to the Bashkir folklore are contained in the diaries and notes of Ibn Fadlan, Plano Karpini, V. Rubruk and others. The most complete information about Bashkir folklore begins to appear in the 18-19 centuries.

The first collectors of Bashkir literary folklore were writers and scientists P. Rychkov, P. Pallas, I. Lepekhin, I. Georgi, V. Tatishchev (XVIII century), T. Belyaev, P. Kudryashov, A. Pushkin, V. Dal, L. Sukhodolsky, A. Bessonov (fairy tales), Mukhametsha Burangulov (epos Ural Batyr) and others, musical folklore - composers A. Alyabyev, K. Schubert, S. Rybakov (XIX century), I. Saltykov, L. Lebedinsky, L. Atanova and others. Collectors of folklore, people from the Bashkirs were S. Kuklyashev, M. Bekchurin, Yu. Aminev, B. Yulyev, M. Kuvatov, M. Umetbaev, F. Tuikin, M. Burangulov, M. Gafuri , Sh. Babich and others.

Modern researchers of Bashkir folklore are Fanuza Nadrshina and Rosalia Sultangareeva.

Bashkir dances performed by the Folk Dance Ensemble are staged based on Bashkir folklore.


Innocent (Fuel song)

"Innocent" is a 2000 song by American hard rock band Fuel. It is the second single from their second studio album "Something Like Human". It did not chart on the Billboard Top 100 but when to #4 on the Alternative Airplay chart and #10 on the Mainstream Rock chart.

Song written by Carl Bell

Burn for You (INXS song)

"Burn for You" is a 1984 song by Australian new wave band INXS and is the third single from their fourth studio album "The Swing". It went to number 3 in Australia and number 29 in New Zealand.

7" single Track listing<br>
12"/CD Maxi single Track listing<br>

Rameshwar Phuyal

Rameshwar Phuyal (Nepali: रामेश्वर फुयाल) is a Nepalese politician, belonging to the CPN (Unified Marxist-Leninist). He is former member of Bagmati Provincial Assembly and former Minister for Physical Infrastructure and Development of Bagmati Province.

Krishna Lal Bhadel

Krishna Lal Bhadel (Nepali: कृष्णलाल भडेल) is Nepalese politician, belonging to Nepali Congress. He is former member of the Bagmati Provincial Assembly and he had serving as Minister for Physical Infrastructure and Development of Bagmati Province in Rajendra Pandey cabinet.

Someone Saved My Life Tonight

"Someone Saved My Life Tonight" is a 1975 song by Elton John and is the only single from his ninth studio album "Captain Fantastic and the Brown Dirt Cowboy". It went to number 2 in Canada, number 4 in the United States, number 13 in New Zealand, number 22 in the United Kingdom and number 54 in Australia. It is autobiographical song and deals with attempted suicide by John.

Samrau (mythological character)

Samrau — a mythological bird in Bashkir folklore. the image of the "Simurgh" in Iranian mythology.
In the Bashkir epic poetry "Ural Batyr" and "Akbuzat" Samrau is imaged as a bird-king.The cosmic, above-ground and underground worlds are subject to him, and he is the head God in the Bashkir pantheon. Sun and Moon are his wives. "Humai and Aikhilu" are his daughters.

Ural Batyr wins the king of snakes and release the daughter of a bird-king Samrau from captivity. Samrau gives to Ural Batyr a horse with wings Akbuzat and a diamond sword for saving the country and daughters. With the help of a horse and sword, Ural Batyr wins the daevas. According to the epos, the Ural Mountains are the bodies of the daevas.

The historian Z. G. Aminev believes that under the name of Samrau in Bashkir mythology, ancient Bashkirs meant the sky.

According to V. S. Mavletov, the country of Samrau is an ideal society to which every nation wants.
In the country of Samrau, everyone is equal, no one oppresses anyone, does not touch another, everyone works for the common good, no one wants to get rich, they live according to the laws of brothers. If someone breaks the rules, people having agreed among themselves, exile out of the country. Samrau rules his kingdom as if there no king in the country.
The highest measure of the punishment of the criminal in the mythical kingdom of Samrau was exile from the country.

U. Sh. Atangulov explains the influence of the epic on the Bashkir people.
Many historians argue about whether the Bashkirs had a state. The Bashkirs prefer personal freedom and fought to the death for it. They were armed forces, organized, in case of danger they could quickly unite and fight.

The image and name of the Samrau are popular in modern Bashkortostan. Companies, cultural instituts, a football team, a union of artists are named after Samrau.


Jacob Bernoulli

Jacob Bernoulli (also known as James' or Jacques) (December 27, 1654 – August 16, 1705) was a Swiss mathematician. He mainly contributed to Analytic geometry, Probability theory, Variable calculus. Bernoulli's inequality which is often taught in high schools was named to honor him. Bernoulli, together with Newton and Leibniz, was considered the first ones who developed the Differential calculus and Integral but he researched deeper insights. His book on Probability Theory had not been published until 1713, 8 years after Bernoulli's death. He had a younger brother 12 years younger who was also a famous mathematician Johann Bernoulli. The Bernoulli family later had many talented mathematicians.

Jacob's parents compelled him to study philosophy and theology, which he greatly resented. He graduated from the University of Basel with a master's degree in philosophy in 1671 and a licentiate in theology in 1676.

Hayden Carruth

Hayden Carruth (August 3, 1921-September 29, 2008) was an American poet and critic.

He was born in Waterbury, Connecticut. He graduated from the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill in 1943. Then he joined the Army Air Forces during World War II. He served in Italy. Then he got a master's degree at the University of Chicago in 1948.

After a good start in writing and editing, Carruth had "an alcoholic breakdown." This mental illness kept him away from people during the 1950s, but he still wrote poems and essays. His first book, "The Crow and the Heart", came out in 1959.

During his career he got much support from writing organizations. He received grants of money from the Bollingen, Guggenheim, and Lannan Foundations, as well as the National Endowment for the Arts. In 1992 "Collected Shorter Poems 1946-1991" won the National Book Critics Circle Award. In 1996 his 'Scrambled "Eggs & Whiskey: Poems, 1991–1995" won the National Book Award"."

Carruth died in Munnsville, New York in 2008.



Ural Batyr

Ural-batyr (Bash. Ural batyr) is a Bashkir folk epic poem. It is a very important piece of Bashkir writing.
The central place in the epic is the topics of life and death, immortality, the struggle of Good and bad.
The epic poetry contains of 4,576 poetic and 19 prose lines. The composition is divided into 3 parts.
Old people told the story to young people for many generations. They told it orally, by saying the poem instead of writing it down. In 1910, two story tellers told this epic to Mukhametsha Burangulov. He wrote them down. After writing this epic, Mukhametsh Burangulov gave the storyteller his horse, and he returned home on foot.

There are other versions of the epic writed from other storytellers.

In 1968, the epic was published in the Bashkir magazine "Agidel". In 1972, the epic was published in a multi -volume compilation of "Bashkir folk art".
In 1975, the epic was published in the series "Library of World Literature" in the head of the "Epics of the peoples of the USSR".

There are several translations of the epic into Russian - by literal translation and poetic.
In 2003, Ural Batyr was translated into English. In 2006, Ural Batyr was published in German. The epic "Ural Batyr" was also translated into other languages of the world (Abkhazian, Hebrew, Turkish, Chuvash and others).

In Bashkortostan, many events are held to the epic. There is a tourist route "In the footsteps of the Ural Batyr". Theaters are performances, films are shot. A competition of readers of the epic is held annually.

The epic "Ural-Batyr" is one of the Seven Wonders of Bashkortostan. The epic is included in the TURKSOY (International Organization of Turkic Culture) List of Intangible Cultural Heritage.

The plot of the epic about the struggle of the Ural Batyr for the happiness of people, the battle with the evil forces of nature. The main characters of the epic are people living on Earth. This is the life of three generations. The mythical bird Samrau is one of the main characters of the epic.

Epos tells about the Deluge myth, the first people - "Yanbird and Yanbike". They have two sons of the Ural Batyr and Shulgen. Ural Batyr and Shulgan find out that death is stronger than man. They are sent in search of spring water of non -immortality. A dispute arises between the brothers. Shulgen entered into a conspiracy with the evil forces of nature sach Azhdakha. Ural Batyr fights for the happiness of people.

The epic presents ancient ideas about the structure of the cosmos, Earth, about the Underworld.


Caroline Islands

The Caroline Islands are a group of tiny islands in the western Pacific Ocean. They are north of New Guinea and east of the Philippines. They are part of Micronesia. The western islands are in Palau, and the central and eastern islands are in the Federated States of Micronesia.

The islands stretch across from west to east.

Nikos Christodoulides

Nikos Christodoulides (born 6 December 1973) is a Greek Cypriot politician. He is the President of Cyprus since 2023. He was the Minister of Foreign Affairs from 2018 to 2022.

He won the first round of the presidential elections with 32.04% of the votes, and was supported by President Nicos Anastasiades. He won the second round with 51.92% of the votes, against 48.08% of Andreas Mavroyiannis in February 2023.

Interstate 755

Interstate 755 can mean either of these possible future roads:

Malcolm Hale

Malcolm Hale (born on May 16th 1941 - died on October 30th 1968) was an American guitar player, singer, and songwriter. He was a member of the pop group Spanky and Our Gang. 

Hale died on October 30th 1968, at his home in Chicago, Illinois, United States, at the age of 27. For 39 years, it was believed Hale died of Bronchital Pneumonia, however, his death was changed to "Carbon monoxide poisoning", which was probably caused from problems with the heaters in his house.

Paint It Black

"Paint It Black" is a song by the Rolling Stones, an English rock band. Keith Richards and Mick Jagger wrote the song. The song was inspired by Indian music. London Recordings released the song as a single in the United States on 7 May 1966. Decca Records released the single in the United Kingdom on 13 May 1966. Later, "Paint It Black" was the first song on the American version of "Aftermath" (1966). The song is not on the UK version of the album.

The song is based on music that Brian Jones made on the sitar. All five members of the Rolling Stones helped make the song. However, only Jagger and Richards were listed as songwriters. "Paint It Black" is different from many other songs made by the band. It has musical instruments that people do not use a lot in rock music. They are the sitar, organ, and castanets. The song had good and bad reviews from music critics. Some people thought the band was copying the Beatles by making music with the sitar.

"Paint It Black" was very successful. It was number one on the "Billboard" Hot 100 music chart for eleven weeks. It was also number one on music charts in the UK. When the song was released again in 2007, it was on the UK Singles Chart for eleven weeks. It was the band's third number one single in the US. It was the band's sixth number one single in the UK. "Paint It Black" was platinum certified by the British Phonographic Industry (BPI).

The song was put in the Grammy Hall of Fame in 2018. "Rolling Stone" magazine ranked the song 213 on a list of the 500 Greatest Songs of All Time. Many people who make music have made cover versions of "Paint It Black". It has been on many of the band's compilation albums. The band plays "Paint It Black" at many of their concerts.

In 1965, the Rolling Stones were becoming more popular. They had many songs that were popular around the world. Mick Jagger and Keith Richards wrote most of these songs. Earlier, in 1964, they were one of the most popular bands in the United Kingdom. However, they were less popular in the United States. Other British bands, such as the Beatles, the Who, and the Kinks, were more popular in the US. In 1965, the Rolling Stones made the song "(I Can't Get No) Satisfaction". This song was number one on American music charts. The album it was on, "Out of Our Heads", was also number one on the "Billboard" 200. The Rolling Stones made more successful songs, such as "Get Off of My Cloud" (1965) and "19th Nervous Breakdown" (1966). 

Allen Klein, an American businessman, saw that the band was becoming more popular in the US. He managed them in the United States. Andrew Loog Oldham was still the main manager of the band. Klein made Decca Records give the band $1.2 million in royalty payments. This was the first time the band had a lot of money from making music. They spent the money on many things, such as new cars and houses.

Many people compared the Rolling Stones to the Beatles. Both of them were popular British rock bands. Oldham advertised the Rolling Stones as a more intense version of the Beatles. However, the Beatles made more meaningful music. Because of this, they were very influential. Both bands were important parts of the British Invasion. Because of their music, they were part of the counterculture of the 1960s.

The Rolling Stones were changing when "Paint It Black" was made. Mick Jagger and Keith Richards were writing more music for the band. Early albums by the Rolling Stones only had a few songs made by Jagger and Richards. However, newer albums such as "Out of Our Heads" had many songs written by them. Jagger and Richards wrote every song on "Aftermath" (1966). Brian Jones, the person that made and led the band for many years, thought he was becoming less important. 

Jones had less control over the band's music because of Jagger and Richards. This was because Jagger and Richards wrote many of the band's most popular songs. Jones was bored of writing songs that had normal rock music. He played different instruments, such as the sitar. He wanted to make the band's music sound more unique. Jones learned how to play the sitar quickly. He had studied music with Harihar Rao, a sitar player, in the past. Rao had worked with Ravi Shankar, a famous Indian sitar player. Many other British bands used the sitar in their music, such as the Yardbirds. In 1965, the Beatles released "Rubber Soul". One of the songs on this album, "Norwegian Wood (This Bird Has Flown)", had sitar music in it. In October 1965, Jones talked with George Harrison. Harrison was the guitar player for the Beatles. Jones played the sitar more after talking to him. He made basic songs with it. One of these songs became the sitar music in "Paint It Black".

Jagger and Richards wrote most of the song while recording music in December 1965. They also wrote parts of it while they were at concerts in 1966. The band planned to make an album named "Could You Walk on the Water?" The band announced that the album would be released in March. A spokesperson for Decca Records said that they were not going to release an album with that name. They did not want Christians to get mad at the album's name, because it was about Jesus Christ walking on water.

Because of the title, the Rolling Stones delayed the album's release to April 1966. This delay gave them more time to make music for the album. The new title for it was "Aftermath". "Paint It Black" was recorded on 6 and 9 March 1966 in Los Angeles, California. Andrew Loog Oldham produced the song. The band also recorded many of the other songs on "Aftermath" on these days.

"Paint It Black" was first written as a pop song in the minor key. The band did not like this version of the song. At first, they did not want to put it on their next album. During a break, Bill Wyman played the organ. He wanted to make a lower bass sound for the song. Wyman's organ music inspired the pentatonic melody in "Paint It Black".

In 1995, Jagger said "Paint It Black" was a "kind of Turkish song". James E. Perone, a music professor, has said that the rhythm and music from the sitar on the song sound more Middle Eastern than Indian. The end of the song has acoustic guitar music played by Richards. Many music critics have said "Paint It Black" is raga rock or psychedelic rock. Perone said the song was very different from the rest of their music. Most of their other music is blues and rock-and-roll. Other songs on "Aftermath", such as "Stupid Girl" and "Lady Jane", were also different.

The song describes someone who is sad because of their spouse's death. Other people think the song also means different things, such as the Vietnam War or drug use. Robert Christgau, a music critic, has said that "Paint It Black" is an example of the band changing their music. He said that Jagger and Richards were the 2nd-best songwriting partners in rock. He put them behind John Lennon and Paul McCartney.

London Records released "Paint It Black" as a single in the US on 7 May 1966. Decca Records released it on 13 May in the UK. The single was released with the song "Long, Long While" in the UK. This song was not on any of the band's studio albums. When the song was released, its writing was credited to "Jagger-Richard". This is because Oldham told Keith Richards to use the last name "Richard" on music the Rolling Stones made in the 1960s. Later releases of the song have its writing credited to "Jagger-Richards".

In the US, the single was released with the song "Stupid Girl". "Paint It Black" and "Stupid Girl" are on the US version of "Aftermath". "Paint It Black" is not on the UK version of the album. On the US version of the album, "Paint It Black" is the first song. It replaces "Mother's Little Helper". This is the first song on the UK version of the album. "Stupid Girl" is the second song on both versions of "Aftermath". 

The song was first released with the name "Paint It, Black". This name is not correct. Decca Records made a mistake when writing the song's name on the album. The Rolling Stones played "Paint It Black" on the "Ed Sullivan Show" on 11 September 1966.

In the UK, the first album "Paint It Black" was released on was "Big Hits (High Tide and Green Grass)". This was a compilation album released in 1966. Many other compilation albums made by the band had "Paint It Black" on them. Many live albums made by the Rolling Stones also have the song.

When music critics first listened to the song, some of them thought it was good, and some thought it was bad. Some thought the band was copying the Beatles by making sitar music. When asked about this, Jones said it was "rubbish". He compared it to the fact that many rock bands use the guitar, but make different types of music.

Jones' sitar music on the song inspired many other people to make psychedelic music. Writers for "Melody Maker" said the song would "send the Stones back to number one", and thought it was good. A writer for another British music magazine said Jagger's singing was "better than ever", but did not like the sitar music. Keith Altham from "New Musical Express" (NME) said it was the band's best single since "(I Can't Get No) Satisfaction". A writer for "Billboard" said "Paint It Black" was one of the best songs on "Aftermath", and it was going to be a hit song. Many other music writers have said the song was ahead of its time, and inspired new blues, rock, and punk music.

Almost 400 cover versions of "Paint It Black" have been made. Some music makers that have made cover versions of the song are U2, Vanessa Carlton, War, and Ciara. It has been put on many lists of the best songs ever made, such as ones made by "Rolling Stone", "Pitchfork" and "NME". The song was put in the Grammy Hall of Fame in 2018. It is number 213 on "Rolling Stone"'s list of the 500 Greatest Songs of All Time.

The song has been used in many movies and video games. "Paint It Black" was in the movie "Full Metal Jacket" (1987). It was also in "Black Adam" (2022). The song played during a fight scene in the movie. The song was used for an advertisement for "" (2015). It has been in Guitar Hero games as well. The song was in "" (2007) and "Guitar Hero Live" (2015). In these games, players can play the song on a toy guitar.

In the UK, "Paint It Black" went to the number one spot on national music charts. It was on the "Record Retailer" music chart for ten weeks. The song was the Rolling Stones' sixth number one song in the UK. The band sold 300,000 copies of the single one week after it was released. In 2007, the song was released again. It went onto the UK Singles Chart for eleven weeks. In Germany, "Paint It Black" went to the number two spot on national music charts. The single was also popular in other countries in Europe, such as Austria, Norway, Ireland and Spain. In 2007, the re-release of the single was number 49 on Germany's national music chart.

When it was released, "Paint It Black" was number 48 on the "Billboard" Hot 100. After three weeks, the song was number one on the music chart. It stayed number one for two weeks. It was the band's third number one single in the US. It was the first song with sitar music to be number one in the US. By June 1966, the band had sold more than one million copies of the single. "Paint It Black" stayed on the "Billboard" Hot 100 for 11 weeks. The single helped "Aftermath" go higher on music charts in the US.

According to authors Andy Babiuk and Greg Prevost, except where noted:

The Rolling Stones


Other music makers and music production


In Philippe Margotin and Jean-Michel Guesdon's book "The Rolling Stones All the Songs", they credit "tambourine, bongos, castanets" to unknown music makers. In the book "Rolling Stones Gear" by Babiuk and Prevost, they credit acoustic guitar music to Jones, maracas and cowbell to Wyman and tambourine and castanets to Watts.

Music studio



Ruby Tuesday

"Ruby Tuesday" is a 1967 song by the British rock band The Rolling Stones. It was released as an A-side to "Let's Spend the Night Together". It went to number 1 in the United States, number 2 in Australia and Canada, number 3 in the United Kingdom, number 4 in South Africa, number 6 in Ireland and number 10 in Zimbabwe.

Fender Telecaster

The Fender Telecaster is an electric six-stringed guitar made by Fender. Fender is a company that makes musical instruments. The guitar is best known for being used by Rolling Stones member Keith Richards. 

SM Supermalls (disambiguation)

SM Supermalls or sm supermalls may refer to:



Irezumi

Irezumi is the Japanese word for tattoo. In English, it is used to talk about many types of Japanese tattoos. It is also used to talk about ways of tattooing people that came from Japanese people, such as the Ainu and Ryukyuan people.

"Irezumi" is not done with any tattoo machines. It is done with metal needles that are put on wooden sticks with silk. It uses a special type of ink called "Nara" ink. Ainu and Ryukyuan tattoos use ink from indigo plants. Making "irezumi" in this way takes a long time. It is also painful to get "irezumi". Tattoos are made by a small number of people named "horishi". "Horishi" usually have apprentices that work with them.

During the Edo period, criminals were given tattoos. Where these tattoos were put was based on what crime someone did. For example, murderers were tattooed on the head. This made tattoos connected to crime in Japan. In the 19th century, the Japanese government made tattoos illegal.

Son of Heaven

The Son of Heaven was a title given to the Chinese ruler who was considered sacred and had power over everything under the sky. This title started with the Zhou dynasty and was based on the idea that the ruler had a mandate from heaven. Later, the title was used by other monarchs in the same region to support their own rule. The Son of Heaven was seen as the most important ruler who had power over everything. In some places, like China and Japan, the ruler was thought of as a god or a chosen one.



Cornufer paepkei

Cornufer paepkei is a frog. It lives in a rainforest. Scientitsts have seen it in exactly one place: the Fakfak Mountains in Indonesia, between 400 and 860 meters above sea level.

The adult frog is 21.6 to 31.4 mm long from nose to rear end. Its voice sounds like a "low, short creak." There is only a little webbed skin on its feet. The frog is yellow-brown in color with dark brown or black marks. There are two yellow-white lines from its nose to its back legs. The backs of the legs are red-brown in color. Other parts of the legs are almost purple. The belly is almost white.

Feng Shan

Feng Shan, was a special ceremony performed by the emperors of China to honor heaven and earth. They would go to Mount Tai and Mount Liangfu to perform the sacrifices. The Feng sacrifice was done at the top of the mountain to honor heaven, while the Shan sacrifice was done at the foot of the mountain to honor earth. 

Completing the Feng Shan ceremony allowed the emperor to be seen as having the support of heaven. The word "feng" means "to seal", and "shan" means "to clear away". 

This ceremony is very important in religious Confucianism. According to Records of the Grand Historian, the emperor would build an altar at the top of the mountain and proclaim their legitimacy to the god of heaven during the Feng sacrifice. During the Shan sacrifice, they would clear land at the foot of the mountain to show respect to the god of earth.

This ceremony was used as a way for emperors to think about the relationship between heaven and earth. It was usually only performed during times of prosperity, with a good emperor and good omens. Some emperors refused to perform the ceremony, feeling they were unworthy of it. 

Although only the emperor was historically allowed to perform the ceremony, there were times when common people did it without permission. The general Huo Qubing even did it alone.

The Feng Shan ceremony played an important role in politics, much like the Secular Games of the Roman Empire. Both were rare and had religious significance, and were important for changing ideas about power. 

Mount Tai has been a place of worship for many years, and it began in prehistoric times.

According to legends, the Yellow Emperor performed the ceremony before ascending to heaven as an immortal.

Sacrifices at Mount Tai continued through the Zhou dynasty. During the Warring States Period, both Qi and Lu leaders would carry out sacrifices at the mountain. In 219 BC, Qin Shihuang carried out what would be considered the first Feng and Shan sacrifices in celebration of uniting China.

The last recorded traditional Feng Shan was performed in 1790 by the Qianlong Emperor. There are only six verified accounts of performances throughout Chinese history.

Emperors like Wu of Han, Gaozong of Tang, and Zetian all carried out sacrifices. In modern times, a festival is held every year to celebrate the occasion with a modern light show.


Rolleston, New Zealand

Rolleston is a town in the Selwyn District. It is named after Canterbury statesman William Rolleston. It has a population of 28,000 and is the third largest place in the Canterbury Region. It is 22 kilometers southwest of Christchurch. It has five primary schools and one high school that opened in January 2017. Prior to Rolleston College's opening the nearest high school was Lincoln High School. State Highway 1 runs through the city. Burnham Military Camp is located 3 kilometers west of the city centre.

Handbra

A handbra is the practice of covering a woman's breasts, including her nipples and areolas, with one's hands, which would otherwise have been exposed. When arms are used instead, it is called an "armbra".

A handbra may be used by women to maintain their modesty, or in compliance with censorship guidelines. It is also used in poses for photography.


Basundhara Humagain

Basundhara Humagain (Nepali: बसुन्धरा हुमागाईं) is Nepalese politician and member of the Bagmati Provincial Assembly and he was elected from Kavrepalanchok 2 (B) for the Nepali Congress. He had previously serving as Minister for Agriculture and Livestock Development of Bagmati Province in Rajendra Pandey cabinet.

Keshav Prasad Pokharel

Keshav Prasad Pokharel (Nepali: केशवप्रसाद पोखरेल) is Nepalese politician and member of the Bagmati Provincial Assembly who was elected form Kathmandu 9 (B). He is currently serving as Minister for Agriculture and Livestock Development of Bagmti Province in Jamkattel cabinet.

Ghanashyam Dahal

Ghanashyam Daha (Nepali: घनश्याम दाहाल) is Nepalese politician and member of the Bagmati Provincial Assembly and he was elected from Chitwan 2 (A) for the CPN (Maoist Centre). He had previously serving as Minister for Labour, Employment and Transport of Bagmati Province in Rajendra Pandey cabinet.

I'm Just a Singer (In a Rock and Roll Band)

"I'm Just a Singer (In a Rock and Roll Band)" is second single from their 8th studio album "Seventh Sojourn". It was released with its B-side "For My Lady". It went to number 4 in the Netherlands, number 12 in the United States, number 16 in Canada, number 36 in the United Kingdom and number 39 in Australia.

Ekalal Shrestha

Ekalal Shrestha ((Nepali: एकलाल श्रेष्ठ) is Nepalese politician, belonging to Communist Party of Nepal (Unified Marxist–Leninist). He is currently serving as Minister for Labour, Employment and Transport of Bagmati Province and also member of the Bagmati Provincial Assembly.

Abies alba

Abies alba, the Silver fir, is a widely distributed European species of fir.

Nikki Haley 2024 presidential campaign

The 2024 presidential campaign of Nikki Haley was officially announced on February 14, 2023 by Nikki Haley, the former United States ambassador to the United Nations from 2017 to 2018. 

In July 2022, Haley said that she was thinking about running for president in the 2024. 

On February 14, 2023, She officially announced her candidacy for the 2024 presidential election in a campaign video.

On February 15, 2023, she officially launched her presidential campaign

John Sebastian

John Sebastian (born March 17, 1944) is an American singer and songwriter. 

His career first started in 1965 as the leader of the folk-rock band The Lovin' Spoonful. The group had popular songs such as "Summer in the City" and "Do You Believe In Magic?". Sebastian left the band in 1968. 

John played at the Woodstock Festival in 1969, where he performed the Lovin' Spoonful song "Darling Be Home Soon". 

He wrote and sang the opening theme song for the 1970s sitcom "Welcome Back Kotter".

Do You Believe In Magic?

Do You Believe In Magic? is a popular 1965 song by the American folk-rock band The Lovin' Spoonful. The song was their first hit and also the name of their first album.

Jerry Yester

Jerry Yester (born on January 9, 1943) is an American former musician. 

He was a member of three well known groups; The New Christy Minstrels, The Modern Folk Quartet and The Lovin' Spoonful. His older brother is musician Jim Yester, who is a member of The Association. 

Jerry's ex-wife was Judy Henske. Henske died in 2022. 

Jerry was arrested in 2017 for 30 counts of possession of Child Pornography. He was fired from the Lovin' Spoonful because of this arrest. He was convicted in 2019.

The New Christy Minstrels

The New Christy Minstrels were an American folk group. Notable former members include Glen Campbell (solo career; Rhinestone Cowboy), Barry McGuire (solo career; Eve of Destruction), Larry Ramos (member of The Association), and Jerry Yester (member of The Modern Folk Quartet and The Lovin' Spoonful).

Modern Folk Quartet

The Modern Folk Quartet was an American folk band. Notable former members include Jerry Yester (member of The New Christy Minstrels and The Lovin' Spoonful) and Chip Douglas (member of The Turtles and producer for The Monkees). 

The Association

The Association is an American pop music group. It formed in California, United States in 1965. The group was formed by Jules Alexander, Terry Kirkman, Russ Giguere, Jim Yester, Brian Cole, and Ted Bluechel Jr. They have many popular songs such as Cherish, Never My Love, Windy, and Along Comes Mary. 

Brian Cole died from an overdose of Heroin on August 2, 1972. He was age 29.

Larry Ramos joined the group in 1967. He died from melanoma on April 30, 2014 at the age of 72.

The Lovin' Spoonful

The Lovin' Spoonful is an American folk-rock band formed in Greenwich Village, Manhattan, New York City, United States. Their members include; John Sebastian, Zal Yanovsky, Steve Boone, Jerry Yester, and Joe Butler. The Lovin' Spoonful had popular songs such as Summer in the City and Do You Believe In Magic?. 

They are still performing live all around the United States as of 2023. The current members include original members Steve Boone and Joe Butler.

They were inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 2000.

Zal Yanovsky died on December the 13th 2002 from a heart attack at the age of 58.

Spatial Synoptic Classification system

The spatial synoptic classification is a holistic categorical assessment of the daily weather conditions at specific places; it is a useful tool for assessing weather effects on health.

Rhinestone Cowboy

"Rhinestone Cowboy" is a 1975 song by country singer Glen Campbell and is the leading single from his 28th studio album "Rhinestone Cowboy". It went to number 1 in Canada, Ireland, Serbia and the United States, number 2 in New Zealand and South Africa, number 3 in the Netherlands, number 4 in Belgium and the United Kingdom and number 5 in Australia. It was nominated for numerous Grammy Awards but did not win.

Barry McGuire

Barry McGuire (born October 15, 1935) is an American singer. 

McGuire's career started out as a member of The New Christy Minstrels.

McGuire has also performed as a solo artist. One of his most famous solo songs is the 1966 song "Eve of Destruction".

Eve of Destruction

Eve of Destruction is a popular song made in 1966 by singer Barry McGuire. The song was originally controversial when it was first released. The Turtles covered the song on their first album It Ain't Me Babe. 

Larry Ramos

Hilario "Larry" Ramos (April 19, 1942 - April 30, 2014) was an American singer and musician. He plays the guitar and banjo player. 

Ramos began his career as a member of The New Christy Minstrels. In 1963, the group's first album won a Grammy Award. As a member of the band, Ramos is the first Asian-American to win a Grammy. Ramos left the band in 1966 because he was unhappy about the constant touring and him not being able to spend time with his family.

Ramos joined the pop band The Association in March 1967. During his time in the group, he sang the songs, "Never My Love" and "Windy". He was a member of the group until his death.

Ramos was made a member of the Vocal Group Hall of Fame as a member of The Association in 2003.

Ramos died of Melanoma in Washington, United States on April 30, 2014. He was age 72.

Cherish (song)

Cherish is a popular song made in 1966 by the American pop band The Association. It was first featured on their debut album And Then...Along Comes The Association. 

Never My Love

Never My Love is a popular song made in 1967 by the American pop band The Association. It was first featured on their album Insight Out. 

Windy (song)

Windy is a popular song made in 1967 by the American pop band The Association. It was first featured on their album Insight Out. 

Along Comes Mary

Along Comes Mary is a popular song made in 1966 by the American pop band The Association. It was first featured on their debut album And Then...Along Comes The Association. 

Sloppy joe (New Jersey)

In parts of northern New Jersey, a sloppy joe is a cold deli sandwich. It is a double decker sandwich with rye bread that deli meat. Many types of meat can be used, like turkey, ham, pastrami, corned beef, roast beef, or sliced beef tongue. Other ingredients used are swiss cheese, coleslaw, and Russian dressing.

Wiz

Wiz is a startup company in New York City that helps people protect their data in the cloud. The company was founded in 2020 by four people who started a company called Adallom before. They are now the CEO and three other important people in the company. Wiz's technology looks for things that could make it easy for someone to steal data or take control of important computer files. Wiz now has over 200 employees in North America, Europe, and Israel. In August 2022, Wiz said they made a lot of money and had almost 500 employees.

NSO Group

NSO Group is an Israeli company that makes spyware called Pegasus. Pegasus can spy on a telephone without the person using it knowing. NSO says that they only work with governments to help stop crime and terror. Pegasus has been used to spy on people like activists and journalists in different countries. It was also used for spying in Pakistan and for police spying in Israel.

2024 Republican Party presidential primaries

The 2024 Republican Party presidential primaries are elections in states that are organized by the Republican Party. They choose the delegates to the 2024 Republican National Convention. They happen between January and June 2024. The national convention chooses the party's nominee for president of the United States in the 2024 presidential election. The elections will take place in all 50 U.S. states, the District of Columbia, and five U.S. territories.

Former president Donald Trump announced he would run on November 15, 2022. Former Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley became the first to follow his entrance on February 14, followed by wealth management executive Vivek Ramaswamy one week later, businessman Perry Johnson on March 2, former Arkansas governor Asa Hutchinson on April 6, radio host Larry Elder on April 20, U.S. Senator Tim Scott on May 19, Florida governor Ron DeSantis on May 24, former Vice President Mike Pence on June 5, former New Jersey governor Chris Christie on June 6, North Dakota governor Doug Burgum on June 7, Miami mayor Francis Suarez on June 14, and former U.S. Representative Will Hurd on June 22. Four frontrunners quickly emerged: DeSantis, Haley, Ramaswamy, and Trump. The remaining candidates failed to gain traction, leading most to drop out in the second half of 2023. Once the primaries began, the only candidates left in the race were the aforementioned four and Hutchinson.

Trump has been seen as the frontrunner and has had a steady lead in primary polling since 2020. Some Republicans have shown concerns about his nomination due to his loss in 2020, his own role in inciting the January 6 United States Capitol attack, his ongoing criminal investigations, and the results of the 2022 midterms

Trump is the first president to run after leaving office since Herbert Hoover in 1940. If he wins the Republican nomination, he will be the first Republican to be nominated for president three separate times since Richard Nixon (Republican nominee in 1960, 1968, and 1972), and the first person to be the Republican presidential nominee in three consecutive elections. If he wins the general election, he will be the first president to serve non-consecutive terms since Grover Cleveland, who won his second term in 1892. Meanwhile, Pence's candidacy made him the first vice president to run against the president under whom they served since John Nance Garner in 1940.

At the January 15 Iowa caucuses, Trump posted a landslide victory, while DeSantis narrowly beat out Haley for second. Ramaswamy finished a distant fourth, while Hutchinson took sixth, behind businessman Ryan Binkley. Owing to their poor showing, Ramaswamy and Hutchinson quickly dropped out of the race. On February 24, Trump won the 2024 South Carolina Republican presidential primary.

<section end="declared" />

The candidate in this section have suspended their campaigns, or have otherwise ceased campaigning and ended their bids for the nomination during the primary season.
The candidates in this section have suspended their campaigns, or have otherwise ceased campaigning and ended their bids for the nomination before any primary contests were held.
<section begin="withdrawnbefore" />

<section end="withdrawnbefore" />

Other notable individuals who were not considered major candidates and who withdrew from the race before the beginning of the primary season include:

The following notable individuals have been the subject of speculation about their possible candidacy, but have publicly denied interest in running.


2024 Democratic Party presidential primaries

The 2024 Democratic Party presidential primaries are a series of presidential primaries elections are being organized by the Democratic Party to choose the delegates to the 2024 Democratic National Convention and scheduled to be held between February and June 2024. The primaries are to choose the party's nominee for president of the United States in the 2024 presidential election. The elections will take place in all 50 U.S. states, the District of Columbia, and five U.S. territories. 

On March 12, 2024, President Joe Biden became presumptive candidate of the Democratic Party.

 <section end="declared" />

The candidate in this section have suspended their campaigns, or have otherwise ceased campaigning and ended their bids for the nomination during the primary season.
<section begin="withdrawnduring" />

<section end="withdrawnduring" />

The candidates in this section have suspended their campaigns, or have otherwise ceased campaigning and ended their bids for the nomination before any primary contests were held.
<section begin="withdrawnbefore" />
The candidates in this section are otherwise notable, but have not met the criteria outlined above.

The following notable individuals have been the subject of speculation about their possible candidacy, but have publicly denied interest in running.

Vivek Ramaswamy

Vivek Ramaswamy (born August 9, 1985) is an American entrepreneur, politician, and sex symbol. He founded Roivant Sciences, a biotech company, in 2014. In February 2023, Ramaswamy declared his candidacy for the Republican Party nomination in the 2024 United States presidential election.

Ramaswamy was born in Cincinnati to Indian immigrant parents. He graduated from Harvard College with a bachelor's degree in biology and later earned a J.D. from Yale Law School. Ramaswamy worked as an investment partner at a hedge fund before founding Roivant Sciences. Ramaswamy also co-founded an investment firm, Strive Asset Management.

Ramaswamy claims the United States is in the middle of a national identity crisis. He is also a critic of Environmental, social, and corporate governance (ESG) initiatives. In August 2023, "Forbes" estimated Ramaswamy's net worth at more than $950 million; his wealth comes from biotech and financial businesses.

Following the 2024 Iowa caucus, Ramaswamy ended his campaign, and formally endorsed Donald Trump.

Robby Krieger

Robby Krieger (born January 8, 1946) is an American guitar player. 

Robby was born in Los Angeles, California. 

His career began in 1965 as a member of The Doors. They would become popular with their songs "Light My Fire", "Break On Through (To The Other Side)", and "Riders on the Storm". 

The bands leader, Jim Morrison, died on the 4th of July 1971 in Paris, France from a heart attack that was led on by many years of Drug and Alcohol abuse. Although Morrison died, the Doors continued, releasing one more album before spliting up.

Morrison was inducted, as a member of The Doors, into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1993.

There is a 1991 movie about the Doors, also called "The Doors". It was directed by Oliver Stone and had Frank Whaley portray Krieger.

John Densmore

John Paul Densmore (born December 1, 1944) is an American musician. He is best known as the drummer of the rock band the Doors and was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1993.

Light My Fire

"Light My Fire" is a popular song by the American rock band The Doors. It was recorded in August of 1966 and released in January of 1967 on their debut album of the same name. It spent three weeks at number one on the Billboard Hot 100 chart (in July 29, August 5 and August 12, 1967), and one week on the Cash Box Top 100.

Break On Through (To The Other Side)

Break On Through (To the Other Side) is a popular song written and recorded by the American band The Doors. It is the opening track of their debut album, The Doors (1967). Elektra Records issued the song as the group's first single.

Cornufer hedigeri

The Solomon Islands giant tree frog or treasury wrinkled ground frog ("Cornufer hedigeri") is a frog. It lives on almost all of the Solomon Islands.

Scientists say this is a "large canopy frog." This means it lives in high in the trees.

Interstate 469

Interstate 469 (I-469) is an auxiliary Interstate Highway in the U.S. state of Indiana. It is long. The highway goes around Fort Wayne, acting like a bypass for I-69. 

I-469 was given the name "Ronald Reagan Expressway" in 2005.

List of high-altitude thing incidents in 2023

In 2023 there have been some (notable or) famous events at high-altitude; The things (or objects) involved, have been a danger to airspace security.

The incidents are:




In February 2023, the United States government said that those things that were shot-down by the United States, were not (alien spacecraft or) a kind of Unidentified flying object (UFO).



How the Grinch Stole Christmas (TV special)

The How the Grinch Stole Christmas (TV Special) is an animated television short film from 1966. It was written by Dr. Seuss and directed by Chuck Jones. It starred Boris Karloff as the Grinch. It was the first time The Grinch was drawn as green and it created the song “You’re a mean one, Mr. Grinch.”

Grinch

The Grinch is a fictional character created by Dr. Seuss. The Grinch is the protagonist of the book How the Grinch Stole Christmas.

The book Scrambled Egg Super! by Dr. Seuss had as a character a bird called the “Beagle Baked Bald Headed Grinch” in 1953. Then Dr. Seuss wrote a poem called “The Hoobub and the Grinch”. In 1957, Dr. Seuss wrote the book How the Grinch Stole Christmas where the Grinch was the protagonist.

After 53 years of hearing everyone celebrate Christmas even though he hates it, The Grinch decides to dress up as Santa Claus and dress his dog Max as a reindeer and steals every Christmas present from every house on Christmas Eve. He meets a little girl named “Cindy Lou Who, who was no more than two” and lies to her that he’s only taking her family’s Christmas tree to fix it. The next morning The Grinch hears everyone singing about how much they love Christmas even though they don’t have any presents. Then The Grinch realizes Christmas isn’t about presents so he returns all the presents that he stole and the people forgive him and he ends up liking Christmas.

In 1966, Chuck Jones made the How the Grinch Stole Christmas (TV Special) as a television cartoon based on the book How the Grinch Stole Christmas and The Grinch was played by Boris Karloff. 

It was successful enough that in 1977, Gerard Baldwin and Dr. Seuss made a television cartoon called “Halloween is Grinch Night” which was a prequel to the first one and set on Halloween. In it, Hans Conried played the Grinch because Boris Karloff was dead. 

It was successful enough that in 1982, Friz Freleng made a television cartoon called “The Grinch grinches the Cat in the Hat” as a crossover episode with The Cat in the Hat and it won an Emmy. Bob Holt played the Grinch.

In How the Grinch Stole Christmas (movie) The Grinch gets an origin story. In it the Grinch was born green and liked to eat glass so the other children thought he was ugly and weird and started bullying him. Then he tried to make a Christmas present for a girl he liked and he decided to shave since people made fun of him for being eight years old and having facial hair but he accidentally cut himself shaving so everyone made fun of him for it, even the teacher and the Grinch got angry destroyed the Christmas tree said he hate Christmas and ran away to a garbage dump and stayed there for 53 years. Then Cindy Lou Who invited him over for Christmas and he came but the Mayor who used to be his school bully decided to give the Grinch a razor as a present and ask the woman the Grinch loved to marry him and get a new car for Christmas. Then the Grinch got angry and jealous and destroyed all the Christmas decorations and decided to dress up as Santa Claus and steal Christmas. The Grinch is played by Jim Carrey.

In Horton Hears a Who (movie), everyone in the city council is drawn to look like The Grinch.

In 2018, Universal Pictures and Illumination (company) made a movie called The Grinch (film) where the Grinch is played by Benedict Cumberbatch.

Jeannie Tirado

Jeannie Tirado is a American voice actress. She is known for voicing Zera in "Fairy Tail", Riko Sakurauchi in "Love Live! Sunshine!!" and Valerie Lee in "Prism Dreamers".

Hirakawa, Aomori

From Japanese census data,


Jared Bernstein

Jared Bernstein (born 1955) is an American economist and politician who has been 31st Chair of the Council of Economic Advisers since 2023. He was a senior fellow at the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities. 

From 2009 to 2011, Bernstein was the chief economist and economic adviser to Vice President Joe Biden. In 2021, President Biden picked him to be a Member of the Council of Economic Advisers.

In February 2023, President Biden nominated Bernstein to serve as Chair of the Council of Economic Advisers. On June 13, 2023, the United States Senate invoked cloture on Bernstein’s nomination by a 50–49 vote. He was confirmed later that day by a 50–49 vote.

Lee Latchford-Evans

Lee Latchford-Evans (born on the 28th of January 1975) is an English singer, dancer, stage actor and one of the five singers of the British pop group Steps.

Lisa Scott-Lee

Lisa Scott-Lee (born on the 5th of November 1975) is a Welsh singer and also a member of the pop group Steps.

List of most consecutive starts by a National Football League quarterback

This is a list of the top 25 National Football League consecutive starts by a quarterback.

Brett Favre has held the record since November 7, 1999 when he made his 117th consecutive start against the Chicago Bears. On December 5, 2010, playing for the Minnesota Vikings against the Buffalo Bills, Favre was injured and ruled out of the game after the first few minutes of the game starting. On Monday, December 13, Favre was ruled inactive, ending his streak at a record 297 games (321 including playoffs).

"Bold denotes an active streak."

Sara Hatami

Sara Hatami (Persian: سارا حاتمی) is an Iranian actress.

Holly Hobbie &amp; Friends

Holly Hobbie & Friends Is a series of animated specials produced by Nickelodeon and American Greetings It is the series to star the Holly Hobbie doll, albeit redesigned from her traditional look. The specials aired on both Nickelodeon's Nick Jr. Block and the separate Noggin channel country singer LeAnn Rimes sang the theme song

Citytv Saskatchewan

Citytv Saskatchewan (formerly the Saskatchewan Communications Network, or SCN) is a Canadian English language cable television channel. It is in the province of Saskatchewan. the channel has its headquarters in the capital of the province, Regina. The channel is owned by Rogers Sports & Media. It is a subsidiary of Rogers Communications. It operates as a part of the Citytv television network. The studios for the channel are shared with CBC's Regina studios in Downtown Regina.

Citytv Saskatchewan is licensed by the Canadian Radio-television and Telecommunications Commission (CRTC) to broadcast educational programming to the province of Saskatchewan. At first, the channel was operated by the government of Saskatchewan. It was a public broadcaster. In March 2010, the government said that it would shut down the network because it had a small audience . In June 2010, the government said that instead of shutting it down, they would sell the network to Bluestone Investment Group. SCN began broadcasting programs similar to Alberta's Access network. During the late afternoons and primetime hours, it broadcast entertainment programming with commercials. From 6am to 3pm, it showed commercial-free educational and cultural programming

In late-December 2011, SCN said that it would affiliate with Rogers' Citytv network for its entertainment programming. Rogers began broadcasting as Citytv Saskatchewan on July 1. The new programming started on January 2, 2012. In June 2012, Rogers bought the channel. The programming was not changed. 

Maud Wagner

Maud Stevens Wagner (February 12, 1877 – January 30, 1961) was an American circus performer. She was the first known female tattoo artist in the United States. She was one of the last people to make tattoos while never using a tattoo machine.

Wagner was born in 1877. She was born in Emporia, Kansas. Her parents were David Van Bran Stevens and Sarah Jane McGee.

Wagner started working in traveling circuses. She was an acrobat and contortionist (someone who can move her body in many ways). She met Gus Wagner at the World's Fair in 1904. He was a tattoo artist, and had many tattoos on his body. Gus said that people in Borneo taught him how to make tattoos. He taught her how to tattoo people. Years later, they married. Gus gave Maud many tattoos. They had a daughter named Lotteva. Maud did not let Gus tattoo their daughter. She learned how to make tattoos when she was nine. Later, Lotteva became a tattoo artist.

Wagner learned how to make traditional tattoos. These types of tattoos were made using a needle dipped in ink. The needle was held in the hand, and poked into the skin. Making tattoos in this way took a very long time. The tattoo machine (a machine that makes it easier to make tattoos) was made in 1891, but Wagner did not use it. Later, the Wagners were two of the last tattoo artists to work without tattoo machines. Maud Wagner was the first woman who was known to be a tattoo artist.

She had tattoos of many different things. Tattoos covered almost all of her body. Some of her tattoos were pictures of monkeys, lions, horses, and snakes. She also had her name tattooed on her arm. Her husband made all of her tattoos.

Wagner stopped working in the circus. Maud and Gus Wagner traveled to many places in the United States. They worked as tattoo artists. They also went to vaudeville shows, and showed people their tattoos. Maud and Gus Wagner had many tattoos on their bodies. They helped bring the art of making tattoos to new places in the United States. The art of making tattoos started in places on the coast. They showed it to people who lived in other places.

Maud Wagner died on January 30, 1961. She died because of cancer. She is buried in Chase County, Kansas.

No Second Prize

"No Second Prize" is a 1984 debut single by Australian singer Jimmy Barnes. It is the leading single from his debut studio album "Bodyswerve". It went to number 12 in Australia and number 49 when it charted in 1986.

7" Single (K 9468)

12" /Maxi (X14109)

Celebrated Summer

"Celebrated Summer" is a 1984 song by American punk rock band Hüsker Dü. It was released as a single from their third studio album "New Day Rising". In 1996 it was covered by thrash metal band Anthrax.

A side: Celebrated Summer (Mould)

B side: New Day Rising (Mould, Hüsker Dü)

Footloose (song)

"Footloose" is a 1984 song by Kenny Loggins and taken from the soundtrack to the 1984 movie "Footloose". It topped the charts in Australia, Canada, New Zealand, South Africa and the United States and made the top 10 in Austria, Germany, Ireland, Switzerland and the United Kingdom. It was nominated for an Academy Award in 1985. It was covered by Blake Shelton for the 2011 remake.

I Send a Message

"I Send a Message" is a 1984 song by Australian new wave band INXS and is the second single from their fourth studio album "The Swing". The music video was filmed in Tokyo. It went to number 3 in Australia, number 18 in New Zealand and number 77 in the United States.

7" single Track listing<br>
12"/CD Maxi single Track listing<br>

Afrika Bambaataa

Lance Taylor (born April 17, 1957), also known as Afrika Bambaataa (), is an American DJ, rapper, and producer. He is one of the founders of breakbeat DJing. His third single "Planet Rock" (1982) reached number 48 on the U.S. pop albums chart.

Bambaataa was born to Jamaican and Barbadian immigrants in the South Bronx, New York.

Bambaataa was a member of the Black Spades. He quickly became a warlord of one of the divisions. His job as warlord was to build ranks and expand the territory of the young Spades. He was not afraid to cross territories to build relationships with other gang members, and with other gangs. The Spades became the biggest gang in the city, both in membership and territory.

You're Still the One

"You're Still the One" is a 1998 song by country singer Shania Twain and is the third single from her third studio album "Come On Over". It was nominated for 4 Grammy Awards and winnning 2 in 1999. It topped the singles chart in Australia and went to the top ten in Canada, Croatia, Ireland, the Netherlands, New Zealand, the United Kingdom and the United States.






List of National Football League career rushing yards leaders

This is a list of National Football League running backs by total career rushing yards. This list includes 31 running backs who have rushed for at least 10,000 yards. 16 of the 31 have been voted into the Pro Football Hall of Fame. 

Emmitt Smith leads with 18,355 yards. He has held the all-time rushing yards record since 2002.

"Through season"
Office for National Statistics

The Office for National Statistics is part of the UK Statistics Authority, which reports directly to the Parliament of the United Kingdom. It was set up in 1996.

It runs the census every 10 years.

The Statistics and Registration Service Act 2007 is intended to show that it is independent. It has been described as world-leading because it produces reliable and consistently good data with fewer limitations on what it can ask about than similar organisations in other countries.

2,000-yard club

The 2,000-yard club is a group of National Football League (NFL) running backs who have rushed for 2,000 yards or more in a season. This list includes eight running backs who have done so. Reaching the 2,000-yard mark is considered a great accomplishment for running backs.

Interstate 180 (Illinois)

Interstate 180 (I-180) is a north–south highway in the U.S. state of Illinois that goes from Princeton to Hennepin. The highway is long.

I-180 is one of the least traveled Interstates in the country. The highway serves 1,950–3,600 vehicles per day .

List of NC-17 rated movies

The NC-17 rating (No One Age 17 and Under Admitted) is meant for when movies have patently adult content. That includes graphic violence, explicit sexual material or extreme language. Movies rated and "released" as NC-17 would include "Henry & June" (1990), "Intent to Kill" (1992), "Man Bites Dog" (another 1992 movie), "Paris, France" (1993 or 1994; released in 1995), "Blue is the Warmest Color" (2013) and "Blonde" (2022).

In some cases, the NC-17 rating on some movies is either given up or sidestepped altogether. The movie in question is then released having no rating. However, some movies have kept the NC-17 and received a strong box office intake despite it.

1997–98 Austrian Cup

The 1997-98 Austrian Cup was Austria's nationwide football cup competition. It was the 64th season of the competition. SK Sturm Graz were the defending champions.

Ronald Unger, Faruk Hujdurović (61. Oliver Glasner), Alexander Jank, Günther Steininger, Goran Stanisavljević, Manfred Rothbauer (90. Oliver Graf), Markus Scharrer, Michael Angerschmid, Herwig Drechsel (90. Stefan Hartl), Helmut Zeller, Gerald Strafner<br>coach: Klaus Roitinger
Kazimierz Sidorczuk, Franco Foda, Darko Milanic (30. Mario Posch), Günther Neukirchner (70. Joseph Spiteri), Wolfgang Hopfer, Hannes Reinmayr, Markus Schupp, Roman Mählich, Gilbert Prilasnig (25. Tomislav Kocijan), Ivica Vastić, Mario Haas <br>coach: Ivica Osim

Ted Berrigan

Ted Berrigan (November 15, 1934 – July 4, 1983) was an American poet.

Berrigan was born in Providence, Rhode Island to an Irish Catholic family. He left college after one year to join the U. S. Army. He served from 1954 to 1957. He got his BA (1959) and his MA (1962) from the University of Tulsa. He gave his diploma back to the university because, he said, he was "a master of no art."

He moved to New York in the early 1960s. He was an important part of the second generation of what is called the New York School of poets. which included Anselm Hollo, Ron Padgett, Anne Waldman, Clark Coolidge and Jim Carroll. He was married to the poet Alice Notley. They were parents to the poets Anselm and Edmund Berrigan.

Berrigan taught at the St. Mark’s Poetry Project in New York. He was writer-in-residence / visiting poet at the Iowa Writers’ Workshop. He also taught at the University of Michigan at Ann Arbor, Yale University, the State University of New York at Buffalo, University of Essex in England, Northeastern Illinois University, and the Naropa Institute.

After a long illness connected to hepatitis and liver damage, Berrigan died in 1983.



Interstate 189

Interstate 189 (I-189) is an auxiliary Interstate Highway in Chittenden County, Vermont, just south of Burlington. The highway is long. I-189 is one of the few interstates that have interchanges only at its ends. However, in the future, the interstate will extend north into Burlington.

Interstate 155 (Missouri–Tennessee)

Interstate 155 (I-155) is an east–west auxiliary Interstate that goes in the U.S. states of Missouri and Tennessee. The highway is long. The highway connects I-55 with Dyersburg, Tennessee. I-155 is the only road that directly connects Missouri and Tennessee, using the Caruthersville Bridge over the Mississippi River.

Karl Shapiro

Karl Jay Shapiro (November 10, 1913 – May 14, 2000) was an American poet. 

Shapiro was born in Baltimore, Maryland. After graduating from Johns Hopkins University in 1939, he was in the U. S. Army for most of World War II. He wrote poems and sent them home to be printed during the war. "V-Letter and Other Poems" won the Pulitzer Prize for Poetry in 1945. He was the editor of "Poetry" magazine from 1948 to 1950.

He was named to be the fifth Poet Laureate Consultant in Poetry to the Library of Congress in 1946. In 1948 he voted against giving Ezra Pound the first Bollingen Prize for Poetry because of Pound's anti-semitism and support for fascism during World War II. He himself won the Bollingen Prize in 1969.

Other honors were an Academy of Arts and Letters grant in 1944, a Guggenheim Fellowship, and the Shelley Memorial Prize of the Poetry Society of America. 

Shapiro died in New York City in 2000. 



Dean Paul Martin

Dean Paul Martin Jr. was an American pop singer and actor. Martin was the son of the entertainer, Dean Martin.

Dino, Desi, &amp; Billy

Dino, Desi, & Billy was an American pop band formed in Los Angeles, California, United States, by Dean Paul "Dino" Martin (son of entertainer Dean Martin), Desi Arnaz Jr (son of actors Desi Arnaz and Lucille Ball) and Billy Hinsche. 

Dean Paul Martin was fighting in the Air Force on March the 21st 1987, when his airplane crashed, killing him at age 35 years old.

Billy Hinsche died after a short battle with lung cancer on November the 20th 2021, at the age of 70 years old. His mother, Celia Hinsche, also died on the same day.

Desi Arnaz Jr.

Desiderio Alberto Arnaz IV (born January 19, 1953), better known as Desi Arnaz Jr., is a retired American actor and musician. He is the son of Lucille Ball and Desi Arnaz.

Mychael Danna

Mychael Danna (born September 20, 1958) is a Canadian composer of film and television score.

Danna was born in Winnipeg, Manitoba and raised in Burlington, Ontario.

Danna served for five years as composer-in-residence at the McLaughlin Planetarium in Toronto.

Danna's wife Aparna is of Indian origin; the couples have sons and reside in Vancouver, British Columbia.

SV Braunau

The Sportvereinigung Braunau was a football club from the Upper Austrian district capital of Braunau am Inn. On 31 January 2002, the club went bankrupt was dissolved . From the 1993/94 season until the club was dissolved, the club played eight and a half seasons in the second-rate First Division.
The SV Braunau was founded in 1919 in the team room of the Braunau barracks. The colors were black and white. The first friendly match against SV Ried took place in the summer of this year. In the 1920/21 season, the young club won the championship title in the 2nd class Gau Salzburg, which as one of three second classes served as the foundation for the Upper Austria-Salzburg League, which was then organized by the Football Association for Upper Austria and Salzburg. In addition, SV Braunau played friendly games in the early years, mostly against teams from neighboring Bavaria and the state of Salzburg.

After the game was completely stopped in 1940 SV Braunau was started again in 1945 and took part in a championship for the first time. The next years were characterized by regular promotions and relegations in Upper Austrian football. 1991 SVB started to march through. They won the 2. Landesliga and next season the Landesliga. 1992/93 they reached also the promotion to the 2. Bundesliga.

At the end of the 1990s Braunau struggeled with debts of 3.5 million schillings. They changed its purchase policy and became a kind of training club for youth players of SV Salzburg who were not accepted into the professional squad of the Bundesliga club. Until the financial crash in January 2002 Bernd Winkler, Alexander Schriebl, Manfred Pamminger and Gerhard Breitenberger and others came to Braunau from Salzburg. All of them became important players.

At the end of 2000 Braunau could not pay the players' salaries for a long time. On 30 January 30 the club stopped playing and was finally was dissolved. The league was then played to the end with nine clubs, and all SVB games in the second half of the season were scored 0:3 for the other team.
The club played its home games in the local "Grenzlandstadion Braunau". The capacity is 7500 people. 


Cornufer exedrus

Cornufer exedrus is a frog. People have seen it between 1500–1700 meters above sea level in the Nakanai Mountains in Papua New Guinea. Scientists have seen it 1500 meters above sea level.

This frog is much smaller than other frogs in "Cornufer".

Interstate 180

Interstate 180 may refer to:


Platymantis

Platymantis is a group of frogs in the family Ceratobatrachidae. In English, they are named wrinkled ground frogs, ground frogs, and forest frogs.

Most of the frogs in "Platymantis" live in the Philippines.

"Platymantis" is a large genus, and scientists disagree about which frogs should be in it.

Right now, scientists say at least 30 living species are in this genus. Brown, et al. (2015) say there may be more, 50-60 species, because scientists have not written papers about all of them yet.
"Platymantis" also has one dead species in it:

Brown et al. (2015) moved many species in "Platymantis" into a new genus, "Cornufer". They kept all the frogs that living in the Philippines in "Platymantis".
Many "Platymantis" species live in only a few places.


Te Karaka

Te Karaka is a small settlement inland from Gisborne. It is on State Highway 2 and has an area school in the settlement. On 3rd February, 2020 the hottest North Island temperature of 40 degrees Celsius recorded at 4pm that day.

Sea monster

A sea monster is a monster that is found dwelling in the sea. People have reported seeing sea monsters. One of the most famous monster sightings is the Loch Ness Monster.

There are also sea monster sightings in apps, such as a mysterious creature in Google Maps found roaming the ocean. Some people think sea monsters exist. Other people say they aren’t real at all. There are also prehistoric creatures that may be called sea monsters. They are not real, so we refer them to as fictional creatures.

Although they are not real, some creatures can look like sea monsters, such as anglerfish (Lophiiformes), giant squid ("Architeuthis dux"), colossal squid ("Mesonychoteuthis hamiltoni"), and the blobfish ("Psychrolutes marcidus").

"Main article: Loch Ness Monster"

The Loch Ness Monster, better known as Nessie, is one of the most popular sea monsters. In 1934, a gynaecologist named Robert Kenneth Wilson took four photos of the monster. Only two came out clearly. The first was very popular while the second one wasn't dur to being blurry. However, we mostly agree that it is indeed a hoax. This is called the surgeon's photograph.



Delivery robot

A delivery robot is a robot that is used for delivering goods on the last mile. These robots are independent, most of the time they navigate on their own. In some cases, when the robot gets stuck, a remote operator can help the robot resolve the problem. Delivery robots have been used in different situations, such as delivering food, delivering groceries, delivering packagages. They have also been used in special environments, such as delivering samples or drugs in hospitals, or as a way to offer room service in hotels. 

Because they are autonomus they also interact with people. Many people have classified these encounters as either negative, or positive. The delivery robot manufacturer Starship Technologies has reported that people kick their robots. However, most human interactions are positive, and many people have treated these robots like humans because of their appearance. This has led to encounters where people feel a sense of caring towards the robots, assisting the robots when they are stuck, worrying for the robots on their journeys, or praising or thanking robots for their delivery service.

Room service

In some hotels, guests can order food, and drinks, to be delivered to their room. This is called room service. Sometimes, room service is also offered on cruise ships. Depending on the hotel, the service may be offered at any time of the day, or the hours when the service is offered are limited. Lower-priced hotels, and motels usually do not offer room service. A simpler form of room service is to have a minibar in the room. 

To cover for the extra service cost, food and drinks are usually more expensive than in the hotel's own restaurant. 

Killing an Arab

"Killing an Arab" is a 1978 debut single by English gothic rock band The Cure. It was not included on their debut studio album "Three Imaginary Boys" but was included on their 1980 album "Boys Don't Cry". It did not chart at all in the United Kingdom. 

The song's title and lyrics come from Albert Camus's novel "The Stranger". Some people protested against the song during the Gulf War and after the 9/11 attacks as racist.

7-inch single

2011 Canadian federal election

The 2011 Canadian Federal Election was held on 2 May 2011, in order to elect members to the House of Commons for the 41st Canadian Parliament.

Prime Minister Stephen Harper advised the Governor General David Johnston on 26 March to dissolve Parliament after a non-confidence vote of minority government’s propose budget.

In the end, the Conservatives were re-elected, with a majority government. Surprisingly, the New Democratic Party was boosted to the Official Opposition with 103 seats.

The Liberals lost 43 seats compared to their original 77 seats. Meanwhile, the Green Party won 1 seat in the House of Commons. The Bloc Québécois lost 6 seats bringing their total of seats down to 4 seats. The Conservative Party won a majority government with 166 seats in the House of Commons.

Kenosis

In Christian belief, "kenosis" means that Jesus emptied himself by giving up his own desires and obeying God's will completely. This is a good example for other Christians to follow. It also means that Jesus, in order to live as a human being, chose to limit the use of his divine powers. Some people disagree with this idea and think it takes away from Jesus' divine power.

Philippians 2 talks about the human side of Jesus. Some people believed he was only human and others believed he was only divine, but the official belief is that he was both. Kenotic Christology says that even though Jesus was divine, he chose to live like a regular human and face all the same problems. He could still do amazing things, but he didn't always use his divine powers to solve his problems. He had to eat, sleep, and face human struggles like temptation and frustration. He said that no one knows when the world will end.5 Have this mind among yourselves, which is yours in Christ Jesus, 6 who, though he was in the form of God, did not count equality with God a thing to be grasped, 7 but emptied himself, taking the form of a servant, being born in the likeness of men. 8 And being found in human form he humbled himself and became obedient unto death, even death on a cross. 9 Therefore God has highly exalted him and bestowed on him the name which is above every name, 10 that at the name of Jesus every knee should bow, in heaven and on earth and under the earth, 11 and every tongue confess that Jesus Christ is Lord, to the glory of God the Father.

- Philippians 2:5-11 (RSV)

Interstate 126

Interstate 126 (I-126) is an auxiliary Interstate Highway in the U.S. state of South Carolina. The highway connects I-26 to Downtown Columbia. The highway is long.

Elk v. Wilkins

Elk v. Wilkins, 112 U.S. 94 (1884), was a United States Supreme Court landmark 1884 decision respecting the citizenship of Indians.

Platymantis montanus

The mountain forest frog ("Platymantis montanus") is a frog. People have seen it on Mount Banahao and Mount Apoy in the Philippines.

Platymantis guentheri

Gunther's wrinkled ground frog ("Platymantis guentheri") is a frog. It lives in rainforests in the Great Mindanao Islands in the Philippines. People have seen it as high as 700 meters above sea level.

The adult male frog is about 24 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is about 27 mm long. The skin has bumps on it. Its head and nose are narrow. It has vomerine teeth in its jaw. It has disks on its toes for climbing. The disks on its front feet are larger than the ones on its back feet. The skin on the frog's back is dark in color with marks. There is a stripe down its side. Its belly is light and can have brown spots.

This frog lives in ferns that grow on tree branches, in tree trunks, and on the ground in the forest. It can live in some places that humans have changed. The female frog leaves eggs in water in plants or leaves. The eggs hatch into small frogs. They are never tadpoles.

This frog is not in danger of dying out but there are fewer of them than their were because human beings change the places where they live. For example, humans cut down forests to get wood for building and to make farms.

Party of Freedom and Justice

The Party of Freedom and Justice (, SSP) is a centre-left and social-democratic political party in Serbia. It is led by Dragan Đilas. It was founded in 2019.

Dragan Đilas

Dragan Đilas (; born 22 February 1967) is a Serbian politician and a businessman. He was the mayor of Belgrade from 2008 to 2013 and the president of the Democratic Party from 2012 to 2014. He is currently the president of the Party of Freedom and Justice.

Đilas was born on 22 February 1967 in Belgrade, SR Serbia, SFR Yugoslavia. He graduated from the University of Belgrade.

Before becoming a politician, Đilas was a journalist and a businessman. He joined the Democratic Party in 2004. He became the president of the Democratic Party in November 2012. He remained president of the Democratic Party until May 2014. He left the Democratic Party and temporarily retired from politics in April 2016.

Đilas became the mayor of Belgrade on 19 August 2008. He was re-elected in 2012. Đilas was ousted as the mayor of Belgrade in September 2013. He left the office on 18 November 2013, when the Temporary Council was formalised.

Đilas returned to politics in 2018. He founded the Party of Freedom and Justice in April 2019. He has been the president of the Party of Freedom and Justice since then.

Charles Olson

Charles Olson (December 27, 1910 – January 10, 1970) was an American poet.

Olson was born and grew up in Worcester, Massachusetts, where his father worked as a mail carrier. 

He went to college at Wesleyan University, where he got his B. A. degree in 1932. He got his M. A.degree there in 1933. For that degree Olson wrote about Herman Melville. He got a Guggenheim fellowship to help him go on studying Melville. During most of World War II, he worked for the Office of War Information as assistant chief of the Foreign Language Division. He worked for the Democratic Party in 1944.

He was the leader of Black Mountain College in North Carolina from 1951 to its close in 1956. While there he got to know and effect other poets such as Robert Creeley, Robert Duncan, and Denise Levertov. He called his kind of poetry "Projective Verse". In this, the poem would be an energy shaped by the natural breath and thought of the speaking poet.

From 1963 to 1965 he taught at the State University of New York, Buffalo. Then he moved to Gloucester, Massachusetts where he worked on his very long project, "The Maximus Poems".

Olson died from cancer in 1970.




Cornrows

Cornrows (sometimes called canerows) are a hairstyle. They are braids with the hair braided very close to the skin of the head. The braids are made with an underhand, upward motion. This makes a raised row. Cornrows usually have simple, straight lines, like the rows of corn in a cornfield, but they can have patterns instead.

Cornrows can have beads, cuffs, or cowrie shells in them. It can take hours to make a cornrow hairstyle.

Cornrows can stay in for weeks if the person washes their head well. Cornrows are also a protective hairstyle: People with African hair wear them to help their hair grow without breaking. However, if the braids are too tight, kept in for too long, or put in hair that can't keep them, the hair might fall out. This is called traction alopecia.

Over the centuries, people from many parts of the world have put their hair in cornrows. In the 20th and 21st centuries, cornrows are more common in people with African ancestors. This has led to accusations of racism and discrimination and to laws about cornrows and other protective hairstyles.

The oldest known human-made things that look like cornrows or braids are statues: the Venus of Brassempouy and the Venus of Willendorf, which were made 25,000-30,000 years ago. People found them in what is now France and Austria.

There are also pictures of women with cornrows in Stone Age paintings in the Tassili Plateau in the Sahara. These pictures could be as old as 3000 B.C. Ancient Cushitic people of the horn of Africa wore this style of braids as long ago as 2000 B.C. The traditional hairstyle of Roman Vestal Virgins had cornrows.

In Africa, especially the Horn of Africa and West Africa, women put their hair in cornrows. Men wear cornrows too. Ancient Greek sculpture and artwork from the 5th century b.c.e. shows men warriors and heroes wearing cornrows. Artwork and statues from the Middle East and Mediterranean from the 3rd and 4th century b.c.e. also show cornrows were common. Men in 19th century Ethiopia wore cornrows: where warriors and kings such as Tewodros II and Yohannes IV were shown wearing cornrows.

The name also refers to either the corn fields or sugar cane fields in the Caribbean.

Cornrow hairstyles in Africa also cover a wide social terrain: religion, kinship, status, age, racial diversity, and other attributes of identity can all be expressed in hairstyle. Just as important is the act of braiding, which passes on cultural values between generations, expresses bonds between friends, and establishes the role of professional practitioner.

Cornrows became common again in the United States in the 1960s and 1970s and again during the 1990s and 2000s. In the 2000s, some athletes wore cornrows, including NBA basketball players Allen Iverson, Rasheed Wallace, and Latrell Sprewell.

There have been arguments in the United States about cornrows, dreadlocks, and other hairstyles. Some employers and schools say they are not good and made rules against wearing them. Employees and civil rights groups said that this meant the employers had cultural bias, meaning that they were prejudiced against the cultures that cornrows come from, mostly American black culture. There have been lawsuits.

In 2011, the High Court of the United Kingdom, saw a test case. The Court said a school's decision stop students with cornrows from entering the school was wrong. The court ruled said the student wearing cornrows could keep wearing them because it was his cultural tradition. The court said that it was sometimes all right for schools to make rules against hairstyles. For example, they said schools could forbid skinhead gangs' shaved heads.

In the US state of California, the CROWN Act was passed in 2019. It said that discrimination based on hair was against the law. Other states have passed CROWN acts too.



Los Angeles Metro Rail

The Los Angeles Metro Rail is an urban transit system in Los Angeles County, California operated by LACMTA or the Los Angeles County Metropolitan Transportation Authority. The system has a total of six lines, with four being light rail (A, C, E, K) and two being rapid transit (B and D). The Los Angeles Metro Rail has 101 stations and connects to the Metro Busway (G & J), Metrolink, Amtrak, and other transit services.

The A Line, the oldest line in the system, runs between Azusa and Long Beach. More system expansions are currently under construction such as the D Line Extension to West Los Angeles. 

As of 2023, Metro's light rail system is the second busiest in the United States and its rapid transit system is the ninth busiest. 

The Los Angeles Metro Rail has a total number of 101 stations serving six lines. The lines used to be named by colors, but are now identified by letters since 2020. Metro also uses the same line letter naming system for its Metro Busway services. Below is the list of the rail lines and how many stations each go to:

Los Angeles Metro Rail has 101 stations. The light rail stations are mostly above ground, but some are underground. Rapid transit stations (B and D Lines) are all underground. Each station has ticket vending machines, maps, electronic displays, and artwork reflecting the local culture. The underground stations generally are larger and have two levels. The top level is where you can buy tickets (see Fares section for more information) and the bottom level is where passengers can board trains. All stations have elevators and ramps so people with wheelchairs can enter.

To travel on Metro, passengers need a special card called Transit Access Pass (TAP), which they can get from machines at every Metro Rail and Busway station. There are fare inspectors who check if passengers have the card. If you have a TAP card, you can switch between Metro routes for free within 2 hours of your first ride. 

Starting from July 2023, Metro has made it easier for people to pay for their trips using a TAP card. They have replaced their 1-Day, 7-Day, and 30-Day passes with something called fare capping. This means that passengers will never have to pay more than $5 (for up to 3 rides) in a day or $18 (for up to 11 rides) within seven days. To benefit from fare capping, you need to use the same TAP card every time you ride. Once you reach the 1-day or 7-day fare cap, you can travel for free. Fares for students, seniors, disabled, or low-income people are even cheaper. The graph below shows the different fare types and their prices.
The Los Angeles Metro Rail system has officials from the Sheriff's Department watching around half of its trains and stations. The Los Angeles Police Department and Long Beach Police Department are also responsible for stations within their respective cities. Additionally, security keeps an eye on the system through closed-circuit television cameras.

Before the Los Angeles Metro Rail, the Pacific Electric Railway and Los Angeles Railway served passengers of Los Angeles County from 1901 to 1961. However, in 1927, the two systems started replacing their rail lines with buses because more people in the county were buying cars and using them for transportation. In 1958, the systems were taken over by a government agency known as the Los Angeles Metropolitan Transit Authority or MTA. By 1963, all rail lines were completely removed and replaced with bus services. 

However, in the 1970s, people started calling for the return of rail transit because there was too much traffic on the county's freeways and roads. The Los Angeles County Metropolitan Transportation Authority (Metro) began building the initial lines throughout the county. In 1980, Proposition A was passed to fund the construction of transit lines. The Blue Line (now the A Line), the first light rail transit line in Los Angeles constructed since Proposition A, opened on July 14, 1990. It originally ran from Long Beach to Downtown Los Angeles at 7th Street/Metro Center station. From its start, the line was very popular requiring Metro to add more capacity to the line in the early 2000s. 

After that, Los Angeles's first rapid transit lines (B and D) were opened in January 1993. The light rail system continued to expand with the C Line in 1995, the L Line in 2003 (now part of the A and E Lines), the E Line in 2012, and the newest line, the K Line, opened in 2022. 

Reseda, Los Angeles

Reseda is a neighborhood in Los Angeles. It is in the San Fernando Valley region. Earthquakes struck the neighborhood in 1971 and 1994. Reseda was founded in 1912 and was dedicated to farming for many years. During the late 1930s, Reseda was known for being one of the largest producers of lettuce in the United States. During the 1940s, Reseda saw a huge expansion in suburban areas, as well as the loss of farmland. This would cause the population of Reseda to jump to over 16,000 by 1950.

Porsche 919

The Porsche 919 is a LMP (Le Mans Prototype) race car. It was used from late 2014 until its retirement at the end of the 2017 racing season. The car was used in many endurance and 24 hour events across the globe. It was most recognised for winning the 2015, 2016 and 2017 24 Hours of Le Mans races.

Chilperic I

Chilperic I was king of the franks from 561 A.D. to 584 A.D.

Childebert I

Childebert I (c. 496 – 13 December 558) was King of Paris from 511 until his death in 558. He was son of Clovis I. After Clovis' death, the Frankish Kingdom was divided into four parts between him and his brothers. Childebert and his brothers went to war with Godomar II of Burgundy in 523. Childebert's brother, Chlodomer, died in 524 so Childebert and his brother Chlothar I had two of Chlodomer's children executed and took Chartres and Orléans. He died on 13 December 558 and was buried in Saint-Germain-des-prés.

The Wolf of Wall Street

The Wolf of Wall Street may mean:


Denise Levertov

Denise Levertov (24 October 1923 – 20 December 1997) was an American poet. 

She was born in Ilford, Essex, England. Her father was born in Russia. He was Jewish, but he became Christian and was an Anglican priest when she was born. She had no formal education but was taught at home by her parents. When she was 12, she sent some of her poems to T. S. Eliot. He answered her with a long, hopeful letter.

Levertov was a nurse during World War II. Her first book of poems came out in 1946. She moved to the United States in 1948 with her husband Mitchell Goodman, an American writer. In 1956 she became a U. S. citizen. Her husband introduced her to poet Robert Creeley. Through him she got to know poets Robert Duncan and Charles Olson.

From the 1960s, Levertov was active as a pacifist against the Vietnam War and nuclear weapons. She also protested against American aid to El Salvador and the Persian Gulf War.

Levertov died of lymphoma in 1997.


Nancy Sullivan

Nancy Sullivan (born October 17, 1969) is an American actress, TV host and screenwriter. She is a comedy actress and received improv training as a member of The Groundlings in San Jose. She also played Audrey Parker-Nichols on the hit Nickelodeon series "Drake & Josh".

She studied acting and dance at the University of Utah. Her role models are Lucille Ball, Tracey Ullman and Carol Burnett.

Sullivan has also appeared in many commercials including some for the Price Chopper Supermarket chain. 


United States Poet Laureate

The Poet Laureate Consultant in Poetry to the Library of Congress is commonly referred to as the United States Poet Laureate. This person serves as the official poet of the United States. 

The position started in 1937. At first it was called the "Consultant in Poetry to the Library of Congress." It became "Poet Laureate Consultant in Poetry" by an Act of Congress in 1985.

In 1943 the Poet Laureate's job included these things:

In more recent times, the job includes organizing local poetry readings, lectures, conferences, and other programs.

The poet laureate is named between June and August of each year. Their active work goes from September to April. The poet laureate can be given a second term, but no more than that.

1999-2000 (for Library of Congress' 200th Anniversary) Rita Dove, Louise Glück, and W. S. Merwin

Zolitude

Zolitude is a neighbourhood located in the West of Riga. It is near the river Daugava. It is between the highway (Ulmana gatve) and the train station.

There are two stations in Zolitude: “Imanta” un “Zolitude”. 

The neighbourhood is near Riga International Airport. 

They began to build the district in 1984. It was finished in 1991. 

Most people in Zolitude speak Russian.
The neighbourhood's name comes from the old mansion with the same name. Zolitude comes from the French word "Solitude". It means loneliness and calmness. 

The term also points to the silence and peace outside the old town of Riga. Anna Ulrika von Fitinghoff gave it this name.

It was a tragedy in 2013 in Zolitude. The roof of a Maxima shopping centre collapsed. Fifty-four people died.
Zolitude has a flat relief without high points, 8-9 meters above sea level. The minimum height of the relief of Zolitude is 8 meters above sea level. The maximum height is 11 meters above sea level.

Kenju burai-chō Nukiuchino Ryu

Kenju burai-chō Nukiuchino Ryu (拳銃無頼帖 抜き射ちの竜), also known as Ryuji the Gun Slinger, is a 1960 Japanese crime action film directed by Haruyasu Noguchi and produced by Nikkatsu. It stars Keiichiro Akagi as the lead main character. It was the first installment of the Tale of The Gunman series (拳銃無頼帖シリーズ, "Kenjū burai jō shirīzu"). At the time of the film's release, another movie to be screened at the same time was "", directed by Isamu Kosugi and starring Kyōji Aoyama.

Ryūji Kenzaki, a gunman who has the nickname "Piercing Dragon" (抜き射ちの竜, "Nuki uchi no ryū"), hates killing and finishes his task by shooting the opponent's shoulder on the dominant hand side to make it impossible to recover, so he is called "The Killer Who Dosent Kill" and was feared by many around him. One night, he receives a request to shoot a gang leader, but he cannot pull out his gun due to withdrawal symptoms from drug addiction and is in a crisis. A killer known as "Colt Silver" (コルトの銀, "Koruto no gin") appears and saves Ryuji. Yang Sanyuan, a Chinese businessman from Hong Kong who hires Gin as a bouncer, takes Ryuji to the hospital for treatment, shoulders the expenses, and takes care of his life, such as giving him home after he is discharged from the hospital. Ryuji, who was going to wash his feet, becomes Yang's bodyguard out of obligation. He reunites with his best friend, former boxer Keikichi, in the room of Fusae, a boutique owner who lives in the same apartment. Keikichi became addicted to drugs and gave up boxing after getting involved in match-fixing because of his drug addiction.

While working in restaurants, boutiques, and nightclubs, Yang made money by smuggling drugs in partnership with the Hotta Gang (堀田組, "Hotta gumi"), who ran a boxing gym. However, since the group is under investigation by the Tokyo police, Yang is about to cut ties with the gang. On the other hand, Hotta Gang crime boss Juzaburo Hotta secretly summons Ryuji and asks him to release information on a big deal that will be carried out without the gang, but he avoids answering on the spot. One night, members of the Hotta Gang attacked the Yang's men just after the deal was broke off. Colt Silver killed the Hotta's Gang members, but on the way back, the police appeared and persistently interrogated Yang's close aide and restaurant owner, Zhāng, who was in charge of the transaction.

Zhang uses gardening sands he has in his pocket to escape the situation. Yang discovers an informant among the crew and orders the traitor to be found and eliminated. He also asks Ryuji and Colt to kill Hotta who had attacked his men when the partnership breaks off. Instead of complying, Ryuji demands that Fusae and Keikichi, tied up with Yang's drugs, be set free. Ryuji, who doesn't want to kill people, persuades Hotta to reconcile with Yang, but Gin reluctantly shoots him dead in the middle of it with his mistress, which leads Ryuji to punch Gin away. Yang sees Midori, the nightclub hostess, as a clue leading to the informant and tries to kidnap her to the office. Ryuji, who happened to be an acquaintance of Midori, lied, saying, "That's my sake. It has nothing to do with me." Before long, Midori's older brother, Ishii, a nightclub trumpet player, appears in front of Ryuji. Ishii was the one who passed the information on Yang Gang to the Hotta group and the Tokyo Police and revealed his identity as an undercover narcotics investigator working for the police on an illegal drug smuggling investigation. Knowing that Ryuji is saddened by Keikichi's drug addiction, Ishii asks Ryuji for help destroying the gang and stopping them from selling drugs to the American mafia who wanted to meet with Yang's crew at Yokohama. On the other hand, Yang decides that Fusae is the informant and tortures her, but Gin, who doesn't like Yang's methods of sadistic torture and cruelty, finds a chance and releases her. Keikichi, who is in the hospital, is also attacked by Yang's minions, but he fights off with punches, and Midori hides him while he is escaping.

Ishii's identity is discovered by the Yang Gang, and he disappears. Yang decides that Ryuji hired Ishii and orders Zhang to eliminate Ryuji. Ryuji, who had killed Zhang, was angry at Yang's tyranny and rushed to the port trade site where Yang himself was participating to defeat him. Gin stands in front of Ryuji before he shoots through Gin's right shoulder. Right after that, Yang shoots Gin out of the shadows, fatally injuring him. Ryuji yells "Idiot" (ハジキ, "Baka") and beats Yang. Before he died, the dying Gin praises Ryuji and said in his final words, saying, "If your fist was Hajiki when you killed Hotta, I would have died. But for you, you are the real pistol user." Ishii appears there along with the entire police and arrests Ryuji along with Yang and the rest of the drug traders. Midori, who followed him, says, "I'll be waiting forever," as she sees him taken away by the authorities.


Thomas Struth

Thomas Struth (born 11 October 1954) is a German photographer. 

A leading member of the Düsseldorf School of Photography, he is famous for his black and white photographs of city streets, his series of "Museum Photographs", and family portraits. He now lives and works in Berlin and New York.

TVA (Canadian TV network)

TVA is a Canadian French-language television network owned by Group TVA, a publicly traded subsidiary of Quebecor Media.

Hessdalen Lights

The Hessdalen Lights is an enigma. It is a mysterious light either white, red, or yellow appearing somewhere. Their origin is unknown, and originates from Norway.
Zje

Zje is a character of the Cyrllic Script. It is like З with an acute accent. 

Multiocular O

Multiocular O is like Monocular O multiplied seven or ten times, and a rare glyph variant. This glyph variant can be found in a single 15th century manuscript, in the Old Church Slavonic phrase "серафими многоꙮ҄читїи҄". 

Te Araroa (town)

Te Araroa is a town in the Gisborne Region of the North Island. It is located on State Highway 35 and is 175 kilometers north of Gisborne. It has an area school, medical centre, fire station, takeaways, general store and police station. In 1996, the Hinerupe Marae was destroyed in an electrical fire and was rebuilt and reopened in 2002. In 2006 the Kawakawa Hotel was destroyed in a ravage fire.

Neal Mohan

Neal Mohan (born: 1973 or 1974) is an American business executive who is the current CEO of YouTube. Prior to joining YouTube, Mohan worked at Google for several years and played a key role in the development of the company's advertising products, including AdWords and DoubleClick.

Hwa Chong Institution

Hwa Chong Institution (HCI) is an independent secondary educational institution in Bukit Timah, Singapore.

Hwa Chong Institution was formed by the merger of The Chinese High School (1919–2004) and Hwa Chong Junior College (1974–2005) in 2005. 

Hwa Chong Institution provides secondary education for boys only from Years 1 to 4, and pre-university education for both boys and girls in Years 5 and 6. 

Hwa Chong Institution operates under the Special Assistance Plan (SAP) for bilingualism. The school also offers the Integrated Programme and the Gifted Education Programme. 

Hwa Chong Institution is also a member of Strategic Alliance of Global Educators, Strategic Educational Alliance of Southeast Asia and the Global Learning Alliance which involves some of the world's best schools. 

Hwa Chong Institution is also partnered with educational institutions across the world. It includes cross-border research collaboration with the Loudoun Academy of Science and Westport Schools District.

The school is previously two separate schools. However, they are both affiliated with one another. It is called The Chinese High School and Hwa Chong Junior College. On 1 January 2005, both schools merged to form Hwa Chong Institution. 

The schools were merged as it wanted to offer the six-year Integrated Programme. The programme skips the Singapore-Cambridge GCE Ordinary Level examinations, which is tested in Year 4. Instead, student's take the Singapore-Cambridge GCE Advanced Level examinations, which is tested in Year 6. After the merge, the High School section still remained boys-only. The college section remained co-education.

In spite of the merger, the High School section remains boys-only. The College section remains co-educational. Students in the college section consists of boys from Hwa Chong's High School section and girls Nanyang Girls' High School.

The Chinese High School was founded by Tan Kah Kee in March 1919. The school was originally located at Niven Road. It was named the Singapore Nanyang Overseas Chinese Middle School. Originally, there was 78 pupils. The school offered comprehensive secondary level Chinese education. The school's clock tower is a national monument.

In 1925, the school moved to its Bukit Timah campus. The school struggled to survive due to financial difficulties. However, Lee Kong Chain and Tan Kah Kee continued to strongly support the school. Today, the school commemorates what they did for the school.

The school was accorded the Special Assistance Plan (SAP) status in 1979. Later, in 1988, the school achieved the status of an independent school.

In the late 1960s, Singapore's education system introduced a two-year programme for pre-university education. After knowing about it, The Chinese High School's board of directors decided to construct a junior college immediately. They made it beside to The Chinese High School. This junior college was the second to be built in Singapore. It was government-aided.

Hwa Chong Junior College began lessons in 1974 under the same administration as The Chinese High School.

In 2004, Hwa Chong Junior College became independent. It is the first independent junior college in Singapore.

Following the introduction of the Integrated Programme into Singapore's education system in the early 2000s, The Chinese High School merged with Hwa Chong Junior College on 1 January 2005. The merger formed an integrated institution. It have a High School section and a college section. 

In the same year, Hwa Chong International School was established. it offers independent education that leads to the International Baccalaureate Diploma.

When HCI was formed in 2005, the former Hwa Chong Junior College's principal Ang Wee Hiong became the new principal and chief executive officer of HCI. Hon Chiew Weng, who was previously the principal of The Chinese High School, became principal of the High School Section and Deputy Chief Executive Officer of HCI.

In 2008, HCI was selected for the "FutureSchools@Singapore" programme.

In 2009, Hon Chiew Weng succeeded Ang Wee Hiong as Principal of HCI. Hon retired on 22 December 2017, and was succeeded by Pang Choon How. He studied at the school and was previously the principal of Chung Cheng High School (Main).

HCI commemorated its centenary on its founder's day, 21 March 2019.

On 21 March 2019, in commemoration of the school's centennial, a dinner was held. It was named the "dinner of 10,000 people". It was celebrated in the field before the school's iconic clock tower and the statue of Tan Kah Kee, the school's founder. The dinner had 12,581 attendees, including Singapore's Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong.

In the High School Section, students in Secondary 1 to Secondary 3 (inclusive) wear a white short-sleeved shirt with khaki short trousers and white socks, which must cover the ankles. The school collar pin should be worn on the left collar. Either white, blue or black shoes with either white or black laces. 

Secondary 4 students wear beige long trousers with a beige shirt, similar to the boys in the College Section. In the College Section, girls wear a beige blouse and a beige skirt.

The current school crest of Hwa Chong Institution is a edited form of the traditional Chinese character "Huá" (華), which is part of the school name and reflects its Chinese heritage. The crest has a red background and looks like a burning torch.

Hwa Chong Institution and its former schools, The Chinese High School and Hwa Chong Junior College, have a lot of student which graduated from these schools. Its most famous alumnus is most likely Ong Teng Cheong, the fifth President of Singapore. Some other notable alumnus include Grace Fu, Sim Ann, Goh Si Hou, Shou Zi Chew, Olivia Lum, Tan Chin Hwee and Wee Cho Yaw.


TBF/TBM Avenger

The TBF/TBM Avenger is an American Torpedo and Ground Attack aircraft used in the Second World War. This aircraft included a large Wright R-2600-20 with 3 blades. Despite only a single engine, the Grumman TBF Avenger was a commonly used reconnaissance and low altitude torpedo bomber capable of carrier landings and takeoffs.

The Grumman TBF Avenger was one of WWII’s most famous torpedo bombers. These were America’s main torpedo aircraft, and caused havoc on enemy Japanese warships. Many missions with the Avenger were completed, such as the attack on Yamamoto, and more. As well as torpedos, this aircraft was equipped with Two Browning Machine Guns at the front and two more as gun turrets. Surprisingly for a small bomber this aircraft could carry up to 4 crew members.

International School Eindhoven

The International School of Eindhoven (ISE) is an international school in the city of Eindhoven located in the Netherlands. This school follows the IB (International Baccalaureate) learning system with various classes ranging from primary, middle school and secondary education.

2023 Maluku earthquake

A 7.6 M earthquake struck in Tanimbar Islands, Maluku, Indonesia, at a depth 105.1 km, on January 10, 2023, at 02:47 Eastern Indonesia Time (WIT).

Regulate... G Funk Era

Regulate... G Funk Era is the debut studio album by Warren G. The album was released on June 7, 1994.

One in Ten

"One in Ten" is a 1981 song by English band UB40. It was the second single from their second studio album "Present Arms". It went to number 7 in the United Kingdom. It charted again in 1992 with 808 State remixed and released "One in Ten" as a single. This version went to number 17 in the United Kingdom and number 19 in Ireland.

Darfield, New Zealand

Darfield is a town in the Selwyn District, New Zealand. It is located on State Highway 73 and State Highway 77. It has two schools in the town and its borders the Rakaia River and Waimakariri River. It is 35 kilometers west of Christchurch. In 2010, the magnitude 7.1 earthquake occurred near Darfield at 4.35am on September 4, 2010 causing widespread damage to the Selwyn and Christchurch District.

Anarcho-transhumanism

Anarcho-transhumanism is a political ideology that is a deviation of transhumanism. It is the belief that social liberty is bound with material liberty, and that freedom is the capacity to understand whats around us and gain knowledge from it.

Hyper-threading

Hyperthreading is a technology that allows a single physical processor to behave like multiple processors. Essentially, it creates virtual cores that share the workload of a single physical core, allowing multiple tasks to be performed simultaneously. This can improve the performance of a computer by increasing its ability to handle multiple tasks at the same time. Think of it like a chef who has two virtual assistants to help prepare meals at the same time, even though there's only one physical chef.

Robert Duncan

Robert Edward Duncan (January 7, 1919 – February 3, 1988) was an American poet. 

Duncan was born in Oakland, California. His mother died at his birth. He was adopted by a couple who taught him the occult religion of theosophy which believes in reincarnation and spiritual oneness. He decided to be a poet when he was in high school.

He had two years of college at the University of California-Berkeley. Then he tried Black Mountain College in North Carolina. In 1938, he moved to New York City. He met abstract expressionist artists. He started a magazine that printed writing by Henry Miller, Anaïs Nin, Kenneth Patchen, Lawrence Durrell and others.

Duncan was drafted into the U. S. Army in 1941, but he was rejected because he came out as being gay. In 1944, his essay called “The Homosexual in Society” was an early statement about the difficulty of living as a gay writer in that time. In 1951 he met his lifelong partner, the artist Jess Collins.

He went back to the University of California at Berkeley in 1947. He studied medieval and renaissance literature. In 1956, the poet Charles Olson asked Duncan to teach at Black Mountain College. During his year there he wrote most of the poems that were collected in his important book "The Opening of the Field".

Duncan returned to San Francisco where he lived until he died of kidney disease in 1988.




Board of guardians

Boards of guardians ran the Poor Law system in England, Wales and Ireland from 1835 to 1930. They took over from parishes. Boards administered workhouses within a poor law union which was a group of parishes. 

The guardians were elected by the owners and occupiers of land in the parish who had to pay the poor rate. 

The Public Health Act 1875 gave them the job of managing drains and water. 

Public Health Act 1875

The Public Health Act 1875 is an Act of the Parliament of the United Kingdom. It was important in improving public health in England. 

Benjamin Disraeli got the law through Parliament. Cholera and typhus were deadly diseases spread by sewage in cities, which were growing rapidly.

The new law made sure that all new houses had running water and drains. Local councils had to have a medical officer and a sanitary inspector, to make sure the laws on food, housing, water and hygiene were carried out. Towns had to have pavements and street lighting.

Station model

In meteorology, station models are symbolic illustrations showing the weather occurring at a given reporting station. 

The station model is used to fit a number of weather elements into a small space on weather maps.

Health in the United Kingdom

Health in the United Kingdom as measured by life expectancy got better from 1841 until 2018. The number of babies dying has gone down because of better food, clean water and drains and more recently because of improvements in midwifery and hospital care. The number of people living with a disability has been going up. It has become more difficult for people to get medical help, especially for poorer and disadvantaged people. 

In 2023 life expectancy was 81, less than most comparable rich companies. This was blamed on the poor state of the health service, particularly the shortage of clinical staff. Men in Knightsbridge, a very wealthy part of London, lived on average 94.1 years - the highest in the country - nearly 15 years longer than the average man. In South Promenade in Blackpool men lived on average 66.6 years.

The Public Health Act 1875 was very important and it was followed by more public health laws.

The biggest health problems now are to do with obesity. Smoking in the UK has been reduced from 45% in 1974 to 16.9% in 2015.

Mental health is a growing problem and has been made worse by the COVID-19 pandemic in the United Kingdom.

Health in Scotland is in many ways worse than the rest of the country. More people die of drugs than in any other country in Europe. 1,330 people died from drug misuse in Scotland in 2021.

Anne Porter

Anne Elizabeth Porter (November 6, 1911 - October 10, 2011) was an American poet. 

She was born Anne Elizabeth Channing near Boston in 1911. Her great-great uncle was the famous preacher and author William Ellery Channing (1780-1842).

She wrote poetry from her childhood. She decided to write more after her husband, painter Fairfield Porter, died in 1975.

Her first book, "An Altogether Different Language", came out when she was 83 years old. It was a finalist for the National Book Award in 1994.

Her poems were often about spiritual subjects. Poet David Shapiro called her “an American religious poet of stature who reminds us that the idea of the holy is still possible for us.”

Porter died just before her 100th birthday in 2011.



Rube Goldberg

Rube Goldberg (or Reuben Garrett Lucius Goldberg) was born on July 4th, 1883. His father wanted him to become an engineer, but he resigned his position with the Water and Sewers foundation to become a cartoonist with the San Francisco Chronicle. His first public hit was a comic strip called Foolish Questions. This was just one of the 50,000 cartoons he created in his lifetime. People started using terms such as Goldbergian and holding a Rube Goldberg machine contest, where people created complex machines based on Goldbergs wacky inventions. Overall, Goldberg was a great cartoonist and had a lasting cultural legacy, and is still mentioned in pop culture nowadays.

Fantasy Ride

Fantasy Ride is the third studio album by American singer Ciara, first released on May 3, 2009, by Jive Records, LaFace Records and Sony Music Entertainment. The album was recorded between 2007 and 2009. Ciara was executive producer on the album along with co-executive Mark Pitts and, Ciara worked with several record producers, including Blac Elvis, Benny Blanco, Blade, Jasper Cameron, The Clutch, Darkchild, Danja, Dr. Luke, Jason Nevins, Jim Beanz, Los da Maestro, Ne-Yo, Osinachi Nwaneri, Polow da Don, The-Dream, Tricky Stewart, Justin Timberlake, T-Pain. The album featured several guest appearances from several different R&B and hip hop artists like Timberlake, Ludacris, Chris Brown, Young Jeezy, The-Dream, Missy Elliott. Musically, "Fantasy Ride" is a departure from Ciara's crunk sound, which was on her first two albums and features a mixture of R&B, hip hop and dance music in the album's overall sound. For the album, Ciara created a super hero character called "Super C" who "is a character that people will learn more about on this record. That is my alter ego. Super C doesn't hold back. She is definitely aggressive. She goes hard. Super C can do some magical and funky things. She works hard. She dances to the 10th power. She does everything to the 10th power."

"Fantasy Ride" received mixed reviews from music critics.

Notes

Fangs of the Tiger

Kokusai himitsu keisatsu: Tora no kiba (国際秘密警察 虎の牙, "International Secret Police: Tiger's Fang"), also known as "Fangs of the Tiger", is a 1964 Japanese comedy-spy directed by Jun Fukuda. It is the second installment of five films in the Kokusai himitsu keisatsu series, a parody of James Bond-style spy movies.

The Vice Minister of Industry of the Republic of Alabanda, Klima, has come to Japan to purchase materials for building a water dam in the country. Jiro Kitami, who called himself a salesman and met with Klima, acted as his bodyguard. However, when Kitami learns that a large number of industrial cylinders have been purchased that have nothing to do with the dam construction, Klima secretly confines his secretary and her father and threatens him to produce poison gas. 

Klima plans to send the poison gas into a cylinder and send it to Alabanda to cause a civil war between the government and local guerrillas. At the same time, Klima secretly investigates Kitami's identity and finds out that he is an undercover agent working for ISP (International Secret Police).


※ Non-credit


Critical theory

Critical theory is an idea created by the Frankfurt School in 1937 which says that almost all of the institutions of society are based on hierarchy and wants to show how those hierarchies are built into society and created so that the powerful can become more powerful while everyone else suffers. The Frankfurt School thought that those hierarchies were based on capitalism and that people should be fighting against capitalism by fighting against the culture it created because those hierarchies were against justice.

Frankfurt School

The Frankfurt School was a group created at the Institute for Social Research at Goethe University Frankfurt in 1929. The Frankfurt School was opposed to capitalism but didn’t support the form of Communism that Vladimir Lenin created in the Soviet Union. 

The Frankfurt School thought that Karl Marx got a lot right but also some things wrong so they decided to fix classical Marxism by mixing Marx’s ideas with the ideas of Sigmund Freud and Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel. The Frankfurt School thought that, instead of using violence, the best way to fight capitalism was to explain how the culture it created made things worse for a lot of people. So Frankfurt School intellectuals like Jürgen Habermas, Theodor Adorno, Max Horkheimer, Herbert Marcuse and Erich Fromm created Critical theory to do that.

The people who started the Frankfurt School ran away from Germany to escape Adolf Hitler after he took over and instead came to Columbia University. The far-right has a lot of conspiracy theories about the Frankfurt School.

Herbert Marcuse

Herbert Marcuse was a German American philosopher who supported Western Marxism. Marcuse worked for the CIA in the 1940s and 50s. Marcuse was a part of the Frankfurt School and supported Critical theory. In the 1960s and 70s, his ideas were popular with the New Left.

Michelle Rojas

Michelle Rojas is a American voice actress. She is known for voicing Kanan Matsuura in "Love Live! Sunshine!!", Wendy in "Show by Rock!!", Yatogami in "Date A Live", Mini (Gemini) in "Fairy Tail", Nashiro Yasuhisa in "Tokyo Ghoul" and Jabari Smith in "Prism Dreamers".

Soft sign

The soft sign or Ь is a letter in the Cyrillic script. It makes the ' sound as in сіль (sil'). It is named "myakyj-znak" in Ukrainian.

Wyoming Renegades

Wyoming Renegades is a 1955 American western movie directed by Fred F. Sears. Actors include Philip Carey, Gene Evans, Martha Hyer, William Bishop, Roy Roberts, Don Beddoe and Douglas Kennedy.


Lemon Demon

Lemon Demon is an American musical band that wrote and sang the song "The Ultimate Showdown Of Ultimate Destiny", which is one of the most viewed songs on "Spotify".

In addition to The Ultimate Showdown, Lemon Demon has made many albums, such as Damn Skippy, View-Monster, Hip to the Javabean, and Spirit Phone. On albums, everything is done by Neil Cicierega himself, but in live performances he has a band with him.

Alan Osmond

Alan Osmond is a member of The Osmonds singing family. Excluding Virl and Tom Osmond (the two oldest members of the Osmonds who were not members due to hard of hearing), Alan was the oldest member of the Osmonds. 

Alan was briefly in a relationship with Karen Carpenter.

Wayne Osmond

Melvin Wayne Osmond was a member of The Osmonds singing family. 

Wayne is a Cancer activist. He started being one after suffering from a brain tumour in the year 1997.

The Cowsills

The Cowsills are an American singing family from Newport, Rhode Island. They are best known for their songs "The Rain, the Park and Other Things", "Indian Lake", and "Hair". 

Their family consisted of: Patriarch William "Bud" Cowsill Sr (1925-1992) and Matriarch Barbara "Mini Mom" Cowsill (1928-1985) and their children: (from the oldest to the youngest child) Bill Cowsill (1948-2006), Richard Cowsill (1949-2014), Bob Cowsill (born 1949), Paul Cowsill (born 1951), Barry Cowsill, John Cowsill, and Susan Cowsill. They were the main inspiration for The Partridge Family.

"Mini Mom" died in 1985. Bud Cowsill died in 1992. Barry Cowsill was a victim of Hurricane Katrina and disappeared in September of 2005, before his corpse was found in December of that same year. Bill Cowsill died shortly after, on the day of Barry Cowsill's memorial, in February 2006. Richard Cowsill died in 2014.

Since the 1990s, Bob, Paul, and Susan have toured around the United States as the Cowsills. John Cowsill is a touring member for The Beach Boys.

The Rain, the Park and Other Things

"The Rain, the Park & Other Things" is a pop song with music and lyrics written by Artie Kornfeld and Steve Duboff. It was recorded by the pop band the Cowsills, and included on their 1967 self-titled debut album. Released as a single, the song reached No. 2 on the "Billboard" charts. It was kept from the No. 1 spot by "Daydream Believer" by the Monkees. The single strengthened the group's international popularity and sold some three million copies over the years. It ties with 1969's "Hair" as the group's biggest hit, as both reached No. 2 in the US. In Canada, "The Rain, the Park & Other Things" reached No. 1 on the "RPM" singles chart.

Bill Cowsill

Bill Cowsill was an American musician born in 1948. He was the oldest children of the Cowsill family. He died in February of 2006 at the age of 57.

Bob Cowsill

Bob Cowsill is an American musician born in 1949. He is the third oldest of the Cowsill family and the younger twin to Richard Cowsill, who was the only Cowsill child not to be a member of the Cowsills during the 1960s era. 

Barry Cowsill

Barry Cowsill was an American musician born in 1954. He was the third youngest of the Cowsill family. He was a victim of Hurricane Katrina and disappeared in September of 2005, before his corpse was found in December of that same year. 

John Cowsill

John Cowsill is an American musician born in 1956. He is the second youngest of the Cowsill family. Since the 1990s, he has been the touring drummer for The Beach Boys. 

Arthur Leigh Allen

Arthur Leigh Allen (December 18, 1933 - August 26, 1992) was an American sex offender and the prime suspect in the Zodiac Killer murders.

Allen first become a suspect when a friend of Allen’s, Don Cheney, in 1971, reported him to the police, Cheney was friends with Allen’s brother Ron and later became friends with Arthur. Cheney visited Allen around 1968 or 1969, He claimed that Allen confessed to wanting to kill couples at lovers lanes, Like Zodiac, He claimed that Allen said he would use a gun with a flashlight attached to the barrel, And also he claimed that he would write letters to police under the name ‘Zodiac’. Cheney reportedly never visited Allen after the conversation. Cheney was interviewed by San Francisco Police Department inspector Bill Armstrong, Police investigated Allen in 1971, However, he was dismissed after fingerprint and handwriting comparisons didn’t match, Police also searched Allen’s trailer at the time and found nothing that was pointing him to Zodiac. 

On July 1992, A victim of Zodiac, Mike Mageau picked Allen as the man that shot him at Blue Rock Springs on a police lineup saying “That’s him! He’s the man that shot me!”. 

Allen was born in Honolulu, Hawaii on December 18, 1933. He grew up in Vallejo, California and graduated from Vallejo High School in 1950, From 1951 to 1953, Allen worked at many jobs such as a lifeguard, and a sail maker. 

He received an Associate of Arts degree from Vallejo College in 1957, He then attended California Polytechnic University however he left the university in 1957. The same year Allen enlisted in the United States Army and was assigned to the Navy, In 1958, During his service, Allen was arrested for Disturbing the peace. Allen was dishonorably discharged from the Navy in 1958. 

Allen studied at California Polytechnic University again in 1958, He graduated in 1960 for which he received a Bachelor's degree.

From 1960 to 1962, Allen was an elementary school teacher at Santa Rosa Elementary School in Atascadero, California. In 1962, Allen began teaching at Travis Elementary School in Fairfield, California, However, he was fired for having a firearm on school grounds. In 1966, Allen was hired as a teacher at Valley Springs Elementary School after moving to Valley Springs, California, In 1968, Allen was fired and charged after allegedly molesting students.

In 1974, Allen was arrested for child molestation, and served his sentence at Atascadero State Hospital until 1977. Allen was interviewed by the police in 1971. Zodiac wouldn't write again until 1974. 

On August 26, 1992, Vallejo’s police and fire departments were notified of a person needing assistance at 32 Fresno Street. When they arrived, ambulance and fire personnel discovered Arthur Leigh Allen's lifeless body on the floor of his basement. 

According to Allen's autopsy, Allen died of diabetic kidney failure. 

The original case against Allen was detailed in the book "Zodiac" by Robert Graysmith. In it, Graysmith laid out the circumstantial evidence against Allen using the pseudonym Bob Hall Starr to hide Allen's identity.

David Fincher based his 2007 movie "Zodiac" off the Graysmith book.

SM City Sorsogon

SM City Sorsogon is a shopping mall owned and operated by SM Prime Holdings in Sorsogon City, Sorsogon, Philippines. This has only 2 floors, the 3rd Floor wasn't used yet due to unknown reasons. The mall address at Maharlika Highway, Brgy. Balogo, Sorsogon City, Sorsogon near SITEX (Sorsogon Interchange Express Terminal). It is the fourth SM Supermall in the Bicol Region. It is also the 81st SM Supermall in the Philippines. It is 40,000 square meters in this area.

The mall is owned by SM Supermalls, a subsidiary of SM Prime. SM Prime is owned by SM Investments, the largest company in the Philippines by money value.

Construction started in 2019 with a groundbreaking ceremony on March 25, 2019. The mall was planned to open in 2020. It was postponed due to the COVID-19 pandemic in the Philippines. The mall had its grand opening on October 28, 2022.

There are many tenants in the mall, They include The SM Store, SM Supermarket, ACE Hardware, SM Appliance Center and Watsons. There is a food court and several local restaurants. The mall also has chain restaurants from the Philippines and other countries. There are three digital movie theaters in the mall. The parking lot can hold 705 vehicles.

The mall has a blue Butanding whale design. It also has a bridgelink that connects to Sorsogon Integrated Terminal Exchange (SITEX).

Aidanfield

Aidenfield is a suburb of Christchurch. The land was owned by Good Shepherd Sisters from 1886 to 2001. It is located between State Highway 75 & State Highway 76 (Christchurch Southern Motorway) and is 8 kilometers from the Christchurch city centre. The name of the suburb was approved in January 2001. The Aidanfield Christian School is located in the suburb.

Luce Memorial Chapel

The Luce Memorial Chapel () is a Christian chapel on the campus of Tunghai University in Taichung, Taiwan. It was designed by architects I. M. Pei.

The Luce Memorial Chapel was established through a donation by Henry Robinson Luce, and was named after his father.

1932–33 Austrian Cup

The 1932-33 Austrian Cup was Austria's football cup competition. SK Admira Wien were the defending champions. Matches involving first-class teams had to be played on sports fields commissioned for top-flight matches
Teams from the first division were seeded.


 

Johann Billich – Karl Graf, Walter Nausch, Matthias Najemnik, Johann Mock, Karl Gall, Josef Molzer, Josef Stroh, Matthias Sindelar, Viktor Spechtl, Rudolf Viertl <br>coaches:Robert Lang/Karl Schrott

Gustav Schöll - Franz Pleyer, Ernst Kaith, Karl Kundrat, Leopold Bock, Leopold Wiesbauer, Eduard Gallas, Gustav Pollak, Rudolf Hanel, Anton Bydzovsky, Leopold Fassl <br>coach: Gregor

I Never Loved You Anyway

"I Never Loved You Anyway" is a 1997 song by Irish band The Corrs and is the second single from their second studio album "Talk on Corners". It was a top 50 hit in Australia, Canada and the United Kingdom.



List of SM Supermalls

This is a list of shopping malls under the SM Supermalls chain managed by the Philippine firm SM Prime. Most malls are in the Philippines, while some are in China.



Karl Graf

Karl Graf (26 October 1904 – 1 January 1956) was an Austrian footballer. He played for different teams in Vienna. He also played in two matches for the Austria national football team between 1928 and 1932.

After several stints at lower-class clubs, Graf made his debut in the first division for FC Ostmark in 1923. 1924 he moved to First Vienna FC where he rarely played. 1926 he went to Floridsdorfer AC. 1927 he went on to FK Austria Wien. During this time, Austria could never play for the title in the championship. Graf was only able to win his first title in 1933, when Austria won the ÖFB Cup 1-0 against Brigittenauer AC. In this year they also won the Mitropacup. In 1934 Graf left Austria and played for Wiener Sport-Club until 1942. 

In May 1928 Graf made his debut for the national team when Yugoslavia was defeated 3-0 in Vienna. The second and last match in the national team followed in July 1932 versus Sweden because the competition on his position was high at that time. 

Oaklands, New Zealand

Oaklands is a southern suburb of Christchurch. It is sandwiched in between Aidanfield and Halswell and had its first subdivision in the early 1960s. It has a primary school in the suburb.

Way Up

Way Up is the debut extended play (EP) by South Korean boy group TNX. It was released by recording label P Nation on 17 May 2022. This EP has five songs, including the lead single "Move" (비켜).

On 29 March 2022, P Nation has announced that a new group will be formed. They would be officially called TNX (The New Six), and their official debut will be on 17 May. On 25 April, it was announced that the group would be releasing their debut EP, "Way Up".

Daylight (Jimmy Barnes song)

"Daylight" is a 1985 song by Australian singer Jimmy Barnes. It is the third single from his debut studio album "Bodyswerve". It went to number 12 in Australia.

7" Single (K 9582)

Stainsby Girls

"Stainsby Girls" is a 1985 song by English singer Chris Rea and is the leading single from his seventh studio album "Shamrock Diaries". It went to number 26 in the United Kingdom and number 33 in Belgium. It was a top ten hit in Ireland. It was re-recorded for his 1988 album "New Light Through Old Windows".



Rudolf Viertl

Rudolf Viertl (12 November 1902 – 9 December 1981) was an Austrian football forward. He played for Austria . With Austria he played at the 1934 FIFA World Cup. He also played for FK Austria Wien. 

Viertl joined SK Neukettenhof at the age of 14. In 1924 he went to the topleague club 1. Simmeringer SC. He was able to secure a regular place. For the next four years he played in a storm row alongside with the national players Johann Horvath and Leopold Danis. 1928 Simmering was relegated and Viertl went to Austria Wien. They won the Mitropacup in this year and also in 1936. Viertl won the Cup also in 1935 and 1936. 1939 he returned to his hometown, where he played for SC Germania Schwechat for a season. From 1940 to 1942, he played for MSV Brünn.

Viertl made his debut for the national team on 20 September 1925 against Hungary. Then he had to wait four years before he was called up again. After two games against Czechoslovakia there was again a three-year break. The left wing in the national team was occupied permanently by Adolf Vogl. During this time he played for the B national team and the Vienna city selection.

In October 1933 he was called up again and played regularly in the team. He was part of Austria's squad for the 1934 World Cup. He was playing in all four games and in the semi-final against Italy failed. He played his last game on 24 January 1937 against France. In total he made 16 matches and scored four goals. 


G. Davis Greene, Jr.

G. Davis Greene, Jr. (March 22, 1931 – September 2, 2012) was an American politician, who is the 31st Treasurer of Pennsylvania.

SM City Tanza

SM City Tanza is a shopping mall owned by SM Prime Holdings opened in 2022 and big mall.

B-21 Raider

The B-21 Raider is an American strategic bomber. It is being developed by Northop Grumman for the United States Air Force. It is first 6th generation jet aircraft. The airplane is best known for being very stealthy. It is very hard to see on radar. The plane is intended to replace the B-2 Spirit and B-1 Lancer by 2040. As of February 2022, six B-21s were being built. The B-21 Raider is smaller than the B-2 Spirit, but it has a longer range. The B-21 Raider is named after the Doolittle Raiders, who bombed Tokyo in 1942.

Philip Whalen

Philip Glenn Whalen (October 20, 1923 – June 26, 2002) was an American poet and a Zen Buddhist monk.

Whalen grew up in a small town, The Dalles, Oregon. He went to public schools, and he wrote poetry for his high school magazine. He was drafted into the U.S. Army Air Corps in 1943 but stayed in the United States. After the war he went to Reed College. His tuition was paid by the G. I. Bill. There he became a friend of poets Lew Welch and Gary Snyder. They all met poet William Carlos Williams when he visited in 1950. In 1951 Whalen got a B. A. in general literature.

In the early 1950s, Whalen travelled around the West Coast. At one point, Snyder helped him to become a fire lookout in the Cascade Mountains. 

He moved to San Francisco in 1955. On October 7, 1955, he read poems at the Six Gallery. He read with Snyder, Allen Ginsberg, Philip Lamantia, and Michael McClure. This has been called " birth of the Beat generation." From this time, Whalen's friendship with Ginsberg and Jack Kerouac connected him to the Beat movement. The Six Gallery reading also was the start of the San Francisco poetry renaissance.

In 1973 Whalen became an ordained Zen Buddhist monk. He lived at Zen Centers in San Francisco and Santa Fe, New Mexico.

Whalen died in San Francisco in 2002.





Brush, Colorado

Brush is a small city in Morgan County, Colorado, USA. The population was 5,339 in 2020.

There are two elementary schools and a combined junior and senior high school campus for the children of Brush. 

Brush sports teams have had a number of successes. In 2023, four members of the archery club qualified for the national competition. 

Albatros Dr.II

The Albatros D.II was a German single-seat prototype fighter aircraft. Only one was built, which flew in 1918. It was a triplane plane.

It used a 195 hp 8-cylinder Benz Bz.IIIb engine, and was armed with two 7.92mm machine guns.

Muriel Rukeyser

Muriel Rukeyser (December 15, 1913 – February 12, 1980) was an American poet, essayist, biographer, and political activist.

She was born in New York City and went to Vassar College. As a student reporter there, Rukeyser covered the 1932 Scottsboro trial in Alabama when nine black youths were accused of raping two white girls. Later she reported from Barcelona on the Loyalists during the Spanish Civil War. She protested against the Vietnam War. She was president of the American Center for PEN in the 1970s.

Her first book of poems, "Theory of Flight" won the Yale Series of Younger Poets competition in 1935. 

Poet Adrienne Rich said that Rukeyser wanted readers "to enlarge our sense of what poetry is about in the world, and of the place of feelings and memory in politics.”




Yale Series of Younger Poets

The Yale Series of Younger Poets is a yearly event of Yale University Press to print the first book of poems by a new American poet. It began in 1919. It is the longest-running yearly literary award in the United States.

Each year, the Younger Poets Competition accepts books from American poets who have not yet published a book of poetry. Once the judge chooses a winner, that book is printed as the next book in the series. All poems must be original. Only one book may be entered at a time.

Winners get a $1,000 advance payment and a contract to publish their book. They also get one of the five writing fellowships at The James Merrill House in Stonington, CT. There they will have a furnished living space and daily access to James Merrill’s apartment. This gives the writer a quiet place to work on a literary or academic project.



Leopold Danis

Leopold Danis (17 April 1901 – 19 January 1940) was an Austrian footballer.

He played 38 matches for 1. Simmeringer SC.

Danis played his first match for Austria on 20 January 1924 versus Italy. His last match was on 9 November 1924. He played three matches for Austria and scored one goal.

Adrar

Adrar () is the administrative capital of Adrar Province, the second largest province in Algeria.

The Dave Clark Five

The Dave Clark Five, also known as the DC5, were an English pop rock band formed in Tottenham, a town in the London Borough of Haringey, in the year 1958. 

The group was first formed by Dave Clark to help fund new equipment for his football team, under the name The Dave Clark Five Featuring Stan Saxon. Eventually, it became an actual full-time rock band. 

The Dave Clark Five Featuring Stan Saxon members included: Stan Saxon singing vocals, Mick Ryan on guitar, Chris Walls on bass, and later Rick Huxley on guitar. In 1961, Saxon, Ryan and Walls left and their name was shortened to The Dave Clark Five. Huxley switched to Bass and Mike Smith, and Lenny Davidson joined that same year. A year later, Denis Payton joined on guitar, saxophone, and harmonica.

In 1963, they signed to EMI records and started releasing songs. Around this time, The Beatles had recently came into the spotlight. By 1964, the British Invasion phenomena had begun and the Dave Clark Five became rivals to the Beatles. The Dave Clark Five first appeared on The Ed Sullivan Show in March 1964 (one month after the Beatles). The Clark Five would appear on the Ed Sullivan show the most (when compared to other British Invasion groups).

The Dave Clark Five would have hit after hit, including Glad All Over, Bits And Pieces, Over and Over, and Because, among others.

In 1970, the Dave Clark Five would split up, however, Clark and Smith would rebrand the group into Dave Clark and Friends. The Dave Clark and Friends split in 1972. The Dave Clark and Friends members included: Alan Parker (guitar), and Eric Ford (bass).

Clark is an entrepreneur and a multi-millionaire. He owns a house in West London that costs £12 million. Clark owns the rights to all the Dave Clark Five music masters. In the 1980s he acquired the rights to the 1960s UK music show "Ready Steady Go!". Clark was close friends with Freddie Mercury, lead singer of Queen, who he first met in the year 1976. He was by Mercury's bedside when Mercury died on 24 November 1991. Clark produced an album called Time in the 1980s.

Smith worked as a solo artist. He was paralysed in 2003 and died of Pneumonia in 2008. He died eleven days before The Dave Clark Five were inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame.

Davidson opened an antique shop and organ-repair shop. He also teaches guitar in the UK county Buckinghamshire.

Huxley worked in property. He died of Emphysema in 2013.

Payton worked in real estate. He died of Cancer in 2006.

The Dave Clark Five were inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 2008. The ceremony was attended by Clark, Davidson, and Huxley. Mike Smith died of Pneumonia eleven days before the ceremony. They were inducted by Tom Hanks.


Dave Clark

David Clark was born on the 15th of December 1939. Clark was born in Tottenham, then lived in Middlesex. He left school without qualifications at the age of 15 and claims to have become a film stuntman, performing in over 40 films (although IMDB only claims that he has four pre-fame film credits). 

Clark formed The Dave Clark Five to help fund new equipment for his football team, under the name The Dave Clark Five Featuring Stan Saxon. Eventually, it became an actual full-time rock band. In 1963, the band (now called simply The Dave Clark Five) signed to EMI records and started releasing songs. Around this time, The Beatles had recently came into the spotlight. By 1964, the British Invasion phenomena had begun and the Dave Clark Five became rivals to the Beatles. The Dave Clark Five first appeared on The Ed Sullivan Show in March 1964 (one month after the Beatles). The Clark Five would appear on the Ed Sullivan show the most (when compared to other British Invasion groups).

The Dave Clark Five would have hit after hit, including Glad All Over, Bits And Pieces, Over and Over, and Because, among others.

The band split up in 1970. In 2008, the band was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame.

Time is the name of an album Clark made in the 1980s.

Clark is an entrepreneur and a multi-millionaire. He owns a house in West London that costs £12 million. Clark owns the rights to all the Dave Clark Five music masters. In the 1980s he acquired the rights to the 1960s UK music show Ready Steady Go!. Clark was close friends with Freddie Mercury, lead singer of Queen, who he first met in the year 1976. He was by Mercury's bedside when Mercury died on 24 November 1991.

Denis Payton

Denis Payton was born on the 11th of August 1943 and died on the 17th of December 2006. 

He was the saxophone player for The Dave Clark Five. 

Payton joined the Clark Five in 1962, the last of the five members to join. The Dave Clark Five had hit after hit, including Glad All Over, Bits And Pieces, Over and Over, and Because, among others. They were rivals to The Beatles.

After the Clark Five split in 1970, Denis worked in real estate. He died of Cancer on the 17th of December 2006.

Mike Smith (musician)

Michael Smith was born on the 6th of December 1943 and died on the 28th of February 2008. 

He was an English singer, songwriter and music producer. In the 1960s, Smith was the lead vocalist and keyboard player for the Dave Clark Five. The band were rivals to The Beatles. Smith joined the Clark Five in 1961. The Dave Clark Five had hit after hit, including Glad All Over, Bits And Pieces, Over and Over, and Because, among others.

Smith was paralysed in 2003 and died of Pneumonia in 2008. He died eleven days before The Dave Clark Five were inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame.

Lenny Davidson

Lenny Davidson was born on the 30th of May 1944 in Enfield. 

He was the guitar player for The Dave Clark Five. He joined the Clark Five in 1961. The Dave Clark Five had hit after hit, including Glad All Over, Bits And Pieces, Over and Over, and Because, among others. They were rivals to The Beatles. 
After the band split up in the year 1970, he opened an antique shop and organ-repair shop. He also teaches guitar in the UK county Buckinghamshire. 

Davidson attended The Dave Clark Five induction into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 2008. 

Banach space

A Banach space is a type of vector space, which is a space made up of vectors. In a Banach space, the length and distance between vectors can be calculated. It is also complete, meaning that a Cauchy sequence of vectors will always reach a limit. The concept was created and studied by Polish mathematician Stefan Banach in 1920-1922. The term "Banach space" was first used by Maurice René Fréchet, and Banach coined the term "Fréchet space". Banach spaces come from the study of function spaces by Hilbert, Fréchet, and Riesz earlier in the century, and play an important role in functional analysis.

Kuroda Kiyotaka

Kuroda Kiyotaka (9 November 1840 – 23 August 1900), also known as Kuroda Ryōsuke was a Japanese statesman and leader, who is the 2nd Prime Minister of Japan from 1888 to 1889 and President of the Privy Council from 1894 to 1900.

He was born in 1840 in Satsuma (present-day Kagoshima Prefecture), Japan, and was educated in traditional Confucian philosophy and Japanese literature.

Sorsogon

Sorsogon is a province in the Bicol Region of the Philippines. It is the farthest south province of Luzon. As of 2020, 828,655 people live there. Sorsogon City is its capital and biggest city.

Its area is . Albay is to the north, the Philippine Sea is to the east, the San Bernardino Strait is to the south, the Ticao Pass is to the west, and the Burias Pass is to the northwest.

Ricci flow

The Ricci flow ( , ) is a partial differential equation used in differential geometry and geometric analysis. It is like the heat equation, which is used to study diffusion of heat. The Ricci flow is named for the Ricci tensor, which is part of its definition. 

Richard Hamilton used the Ricci flow in the 1980s to prove new results in Riemannian geometry. Later, other mathematicians used it to solve the differentiable sphere conjecture. In the 1990s, Hamilton used the Ricci flow to study William Thurston's geometrization conjecture. In 2002 and 2003, Grigori Perelman made new discoveries about the Ricci flow. These discoveries, along with Hamilton's work, are now seen as a proof of the Thurston conjecture, and of the Poincaré conjecture, which had been an open problem since 1904. This work is a major milestone in the fields of geometry and topology. 

Heat equation

The heat equation is a type of equation used in mathematics and physics to describe how heat spreads out in a particular area. The equation was first created by Joseph Fourier in 1822. People use the heat equation to model how heat spreads through different materials.

The heat equation is very important in the field of mathematics, and it is studied a lot. This equation is used in many areas of science and applied mathematics, such as probability theory and image analysis. Some solutions to the heat equation are called heat kernels, and they can provide important information about the area where the heat is spreading.

Scientists have found many different ways to use the heat equation. For example, it can be used to study random walks and Brownian motion in probability theory, and it can help to resolve pixelation in image analysis. In addition, variants of the heat equation are used in financial mathematics and quantum mechanics. Scientists have also found that solutions of the heat equation are helpful in understanding hydrodynamical shocks. People have been studying the heat equation for a long time, and it is a very important topic in mathematics and physics.

Wolfgang Knaller

Wolfgang Knaller (born 9 October 1961), is an retired Austrian football goalkeeper. He played mostly for Admira Wacker and FK Austria Wien. He also played for the Austrian national football team. He was in the team for the 1998 FIFA World Cup.

Knaller started his Austrian Football Bundesliga career with SV Spittal an der Drau in 1984 and has played professionally for over 20 years. Mostly he played for FC Admira Wacker Mödling and Austria Wien. In 2006, he joined lower league FC Waidhofen/Ybbs and in 2007 he moved to ASK Baumgarten. He ended his career with SK Breitenfurt.

He made his debut for Austria in an October 1991 UEFA Euro 1992 qualification match against Northern Ireland and was a participant at the 1998 FIFA World Cup. He played 4 matches. His last international was a May 1996 friendly match against the Czech Republic.
He worked as goalkeeper coach for First Vienna FC , 1. Simmeringer SC , 1. SV Wiener Neudorf, SKN St. Pölten and SKU Amstetten . At present he is goalkeeper coach of the Austrian U15 national team.
Knaller was born in Waiern, Feldkirchen in Kärnten. His brother Walter, a striker, scored 126 Austrian Bundesliga goals from 1980 through 1992. His son Marco is also a goalkeeper.


Judson Laipply

Judson Laipply (born: March 22, 1976) is an American motivational speaker, comedian, and dancer who is best known for his performance in the "Evolution of Dance" video, which went viral on the internet in 2006.

Whitechapel (band)

Whitechapel is an American deathcore band formed in 2006.


Tha Tha Thabungton

Tha Tha Thabungton (; ) is an old Meitei-language bedtime song.
It is one of the Meitei folk songs sung by parents, usually mothers. It is about taking care of children. It is more than the biological mother child relationship. It is about the pleasing music of caring the child. It also influences on the child's life and health.

In Meitei culture, mothers usually . They sing the "Tha Tha Thabungton" cradle song. In the song, mothers talk about the "Thaa" () and the "Heibong" ().

The word "thabungton" () is a short word for "tha mapung maton" () (morphologically, "moon-full-top", which is "full moon").

The Meitei language word "Morambi" () is translated as "darling child" in the publication of the "Oriental Institute of Cultural and Social Research". But the same word "Morambi" () is defined as ""a figure of baby, usu made of cloth"" in a publication of the University of Chicago.





Maxset Otemuratov

Maxset Kewnimjaevich Otemuratov — (rus, Махсет Кеунимжаевич Отемуратов) born, 14 June 1978, Nukus, Karakalpakstan, Uzbekistan and Karakalpakstan folk pop singer: sings in Uzbek and in Karakalpak language. Nihol Young Talent Award | Laureate of the Nihol Award (2001) Honored Artist of Karakalpakstan (2005), Honored Artist of Uzbekistan "(2011) Actor"

Maxset Keulimzhaevich Otemuratov was born on June 14, 1978 in Akmangit village. In the village of of Nukus district in a simple family. Father: Utemuratov Keulimzhai (born March 21, 1940). Mother: Utemuratova Aksulu (born March 8, 1946).

In 1985 he went to study at high school № 1 named after M. V. Frunze, in 1990 he continued his studies at high school № 21 named after Berdakh, and in 1995 he safely graduated.

In 1996, he entered the Faculty of Physical Education Nukus of the Pedagogical Institute named after Aziyaz.

In 1996-1997 he was the head of the KVN "Turan". Since those years he begins his creativity.

In 1996, at a competition dedicated to the memory of the deceased Zamira Khojanazarova, takes an honorable 3rd place. Winning the attention of honorary teachers, begins to perform on the big stage.

In 1999 having successfully graduated from the university begins to work as a methodologist in the department of work with talented children.

In 2000 - for the first time in the history of Karakalpakstan KVN team "Turan" won the Republican round of the contest "Kunaklar kham zyirekler" and received a gold cup.

Makhset Otemuratov was awarded a diploma of Jokary Kenes Karakalpakstana



Father: Utemuratov Keunimzhai (1940-2011), worked in Mobile Mechanized Column of Nukus district.

Mother: Utemuratova Aksungul (1946-2020), worked at the Central Hospital of Nukus district.

Brother: Muratbai (born 1968).

Sisters: Tamara (born 1965), Perdegul (born 1970), Klara (born 1971), Muhabbat (born 1974).

Spouse: Gulzira Kutlymuratova (born 1982), housewife.

Children: Dilfuza (born 2002), Salimboy (born 2004), Zaurbek (born 2007), Ilkhambek (born 2014).

Friedrich Cerha

Friedrich Cerha (German pronunciation: [ˈfʁiːdʁɪç ˈt͜sɛʁha]; 17 February 1926 – 14 February 2023) was an Austrian composer and conductor. Today, he is mostly remembered for conducting works of other composer, These include the works of Arnold Schönberg and Alban Berg. 

When Berg was not able to finish the composition "Lulu", Cerha finished it. To do this, he used Berg's notes. In 1979, the Opera was performed for the first time in Paris. Cerha composed several operas. Cerha composed several operas during his lifetime. 

His ensemble, Die Reihe played contemporary music in Austria.

Gerha died on 14 February 2023, three days before his 97th birthday. 

Enfield

Enfield is a large town in the North of London, England, and is 10.1 miles (16.3 km) north of Charing Cross. 

Health in India

Health in India has improved a lot in the last 50 years.

In 1975 life expectancy was 49.7 years In 2020 it was above 70. By 2018 about 95.76% of Indian households had toilets. Safe drinking water is not available everywhere, but this has improved a lot.

Family planning has been supported by the Indian government since the 1960s. Vasectomy is encouraged.

Ischemic heart disease is the most common cause of death, followed by chronic obstructive pulmonary disease , stroke and diabetes. Indian people are more likely to get heart disease because of their genes. Lung disease is linked to air pollution. The 10 most polluted cities in the world are all in northern India. More than 140 million Indians breath air 10 times or more over the WHO safe limit.

Malnutrition is still a big problem. More than one third of the world's malnourished children live in India. This is because of economic inequality. The Global Hunger Index for 2021 put India in the 101st position out of 116 countries. More than 40% of children under the age of 5 in some states are stunted due to malnutrition.

Infectious diseases like dengue fever, hepatitis, tuberculosis, malaria and pneumonia are still common. Curing them has become more difficult with the increase of antibiotic resistance.

155,622 people died in road accidents in India in 2021.


Robert III, Count of Worms

Robert III (800-834), also called Rutpert, was the Count of Worms and Rheingau of a noble Frankish family called the Robertians. It has been suggested that he was the son of Robert II, Count of Hesbaye. He was the father of Robert the Strong.

MNEK

Uzoechi Osisioma "Uzo" Emenike (born 9 November 1994), better known by his stage name MNEK, is a British singer, songwriter, and record producer. He has been nominated for a Grammy and a Brit Award. He received the ASCAP Vanguard Award. His writing and productions credits include Madonna, Jax Jones, Dua Lipa, KSI, Zara Larsson, Christina Aguilera, and many others.
His stage name is a gramogram of his surname, Emenike.

In an interview with Build LDN, he told how he was introduced into the music industry. He did not know what a music producer was. He states that he wrote poems in his childhood. He also stated that he also started to produce music around the same time. At the age of 14, he set up a MySpace account to post his works. He was a fan of CocknBullKid. CocknBullKid then later on helped him become a publisher.

In the early 2010s, he helped produce music for others. He was also featured on a few albums by other artists.

On March 2015, he created his first debut EP, "Small Talk (EP)". During the same year, he helped Swedish singer Zara Larsson work on releasing her song "Never Forget You".

Because of the success of Never Forget You, he went to work with other musical artists. This began with working on Beyoncé's 2016 song "Hold Up". After that, he worked with Jax Jones, Shift K3Y, and many others.

In 2016-2017, he released his first solo singles.

In 2019, he worked with LGBT musical artists. It was to make a safe place to work in.

In 2020, he made the song "Head & Heart" with Joel Corry. That song was sucessful. It is because it peaked at number one on the Official UK Charts.

In 2021, he appeared as a guest vocal coach for RuPaul's Drag Race UK.


Emenike came out as gay when he was 19. He wrote with other LGBT artists. An example is Rina Sawayama. He wants to reach out to young adults who are questioning their sexual orientation.

Anthony Hecht

Anthony Evan Hecht (January 16, 1923 – October 20, 2004) was an American poet.

Hecht was born in New York City. His parents were a Jewish middle-class businessman and homemaker. He decided to become a poet when he was 17. He was a student at Bard College for three years before he was drafted into the U. S. Army. In 1945, when he was 22, his army group freed Flossenburg concentration camp. What he saw there had a large effect on his poetry.

After the war, in 1947 and 1948, he studied at Kenyon College. One of his teachers was poet John Crowe Ransom. He wrote his first book, "A Summoning of Stones", in Rome in 1951. He was known as a "formalist" poet. He cared a lot about the traditional shapes and sounds of poetry.

Hecht's book "The Hard Hours" won the Pulitzer Prize for Poetry in 1968. From 1982 to 1984 he was the U. S. Consultant in Poetry (Poet Laureate). He taught at the University of Rochester from 1967-1985.5

Hecht died of lymphoma in Washington, D. C. in 2004.





AMP-activated protein kinase

5' AMP-activated protein kinase (AMPK) is an enzyme (EC 2.7.11.31) that helps keep the body's energy balanced. It is found in many parts of the body, such as the liver, brain, and skeletal muscle. When AMP and ADP bind to it, AMPK helps the body use glucose and fatty acids for energy. It also helps stop the body from making too much cholesterol, lipogenesis, and triglycerides. AMPK is found in many different kinds of living things, from yeast to humans. It should not be confused with cyclic AMP-activated protein kinase (protein kinase A).

Hyloscirtus tolkieni

The Río Negro stream frog ("Hyloscirtus tolkieni") is a frog. It lives in Ecuador in the Andes Mountains. Scientists have seen it 3190 meters above sea level.

The adult female frog is 64.9 mm long from nose to rear end. It is gray-green in color with yellow and black marks. The iris of the eye is pink and black in color. There are yellow and black spots on the belly and sides too. It has some fringed skin on the front and back toes.

These frogs live in land near streams and rivers. The tadpoles live in cracks in the rocks underwater. The adult frogs move around at night. Scientists saw them on high tree branches not far from the water.

Scientists named this frog after book writer J.R.R. Tolkien.

Hyloscirtus sethmacfarlanei

Seth MacFarlane's torrent frog ("Hyloscirtus sethmacfarlanei") is a frog. It lives in Ecuador in forests. Scientists have seen it in the Machay Reserve on Cerro Mayordomo. Scientists saw it 2970 meters above sea level.

The adult female frog is about 72 mm long from nose to rear end. Adult frogs are black with orange or red spots. Young frogs are yellow.

Scientists saw this frog sitting in bromeliad plants 60 - 90 cm over the forest floor.

This frog has poison on its skin. The scientists believes this is so other animals that want to eat it will be sick if they try to eat it. Or it may make the frog taste bad. They think the frog's colors warn animals that the poison is there. When human beings touched the frog, their skin hurt for hours.

The scientists named this frog after television writer Seth MacFarlane.

Gerard Manley Hopkins

Gerard Manley Hopkins SJ (28 July 1844 – 8 June 1889) was an English poet and Jesuit priest. After his death, his poetry made him very famous.

Hopkins was born in Stratford, Essex near London, England. His family were Anglicans. 

When he was young, Hopkins liked being in the natural world. He liked music and drawing. When he was ten years old, he was sent to board at Highgate School where he studied from 1854 to 1863. Then he studied classics at Balliol College, Oxford from 1863 to 1867.

At Oxford he became friends with Robert Bridges. Bridges later became the Poet Laureate of the United Kingdom. Hopkins loved the poetry of Christina Rossetti. She became one of his great influences. They met in 1864.

Hopkins had strong religious feelings. In July 1886, he decided to become a Roman Catholic. That September he met the leader of the Oxford converts, John Henry Newman. Newman received him into the Roman Catholic Church on 21 October 1866.

In 1868 Hopkins decided to join a Catholic religious group. He thought poetry got in the way of religion. He burned his poetry. He stopped writing it for seven years. He also wanted to become a Jesuit priest. He joined the Jesuits and made his first vows of poverty, chastity, and obedience on 8 September 1870.

During his studies, his religious superior asked him to write a poem about the sinking of a German ship in a storm. So in 1875 he started to write poetry again. He wrote a long poem called "The Wreck of the Deutschland". It was about a disaster in which five Franciscan nuns died among many who were on the ship. They were leaving Germany because of strong laws against Catholics. 

In 1877 he wrote "God's Grandeur" and other sonnets. He finished a famous poem, "The Windhover," only a few months before his ordination in 1877. 

In October 1877, a month after his ordination, Hopkins became a minister and teacher at Mount St Mary's College near Sheffield. In 1878 he became an assistant priest at a Jesuit church in London. This was followed by work in Oxford, Manchester, Liverpool and Glasgow. 

In 1884 he became a professor of Greek and Latin at University College Dublin.

After several years of ill health, Hopkins died of typhoid fever in 1889 at the age of 44.

After Hopkins' death, his friend Robert Bridges worked to make his poetry better known. The poems used language in strong and unusual ways. Hopkins became known as one of the most important poets of the Victorian period.


Songs for the Deaf

Songs for the Deaf is the third studio album by Queens of the Stone Age. Queens of the Stone Age is an American rock band. The album was released on August 27, 2002. It was released by Interscope Records. It was the last Queens of the Stone Age album that had Nick Oliveri playing the bass guitar. Many other musicians are on the album, such as drummer Dave Grohl.

"Songs for the Deaf" is a concept album. The songs on the album are made to sound similar to listening to radio stations. Some songs on the album are separated by radio sounds. This was done so it sounds like music being played while driving. The album is about driving from Los Angeles to Joshua Tree and listening to the radio. All of the music is rock music that the band made.

Many critics liked the album. The album was certified gold by the RIAA. It was the band's first album to be certified gold. The album had three singles. These were "No One Knows", "First It Giveth", and "Go with the Flow".

Before the album was made, Gene Trautmann left the band. He left because he wanted to make other music. Dave Grohl from Nirvana and Foo Fighters joined the band to play the drums. Grohl joined because he liked the band's music. Queens of the Stone Age had played music with Foo Fighters at many concerts before he joined the band. Grohl also worked with the band's guitar player, Josh Homme, in Kyuss.

Mark Lanegan, the singer for Screaming Trees, joined the band in 2001. Lanegan helped write songs for one of the band's earlier albums. He wrote lyrics and sang for "Songs for the Deaf". The members of the band were Homme, Grohl, Lanegan, and Nick Oliveri. Oliveri played the bass guitar.

Many songs on the album were remade versions of songs made in the Desert Sessions. The Desert Sessions was a music project that Homme made with many other musicians. "You Think I Ain't Worth a Dollar, But I Feel Like a Millionaire" was a song made by them. It was sang by Mario Lalli. On the album, it is sang by Oliveri. "Hanging Tree", "Song for the Deaf", and "Go With the Flow" were also made in the Desert Sessions. The main guitar part in "No One Knows" was also in a Desert Sessions song. 

For the album, Grohl played the drums in a small room. This was done so there was not as much echo. It also made the drums sound different. The sound of the cymbals was recorded at a different time. The band took the recordings from the drums and cymbals and put them together for the album.

The band planned to release the album on August 13, 2002. However, they did not release it until 2 weeks after. Grohl made Foo Fighters take a break from making music, so he could go on a concert tour with Queens of the Stone Age. Grohl also delayed Foo Fighters' album, "One by One." It was released in October 2002. He started playing at concerts with the band in March 2002. He stopped in July 2002. Grohl went back to Foo Fighters. Joey Castillo, the drummer for Danzig, replaced him for the rest of the concerts.

"Songs for the Deaf" was the band's first very popular album. When it was released, it was number 17 on the "Billboard" 200, an American music chart. Many critics have said that the album is the band's best album. "Entertainment Weekly" called it "the year's best hard-rock album". Many magazines rated it as one of the top ten albums made in 2002, such as "Mojo", "Kludge", "NME" and "Kerrang!". "Kerrang!" said it was the best album made in 2002. In October 2001, Dave Grohl said "Songs for the Deaf" was his favorite album to play drums for.

The album was nominated for two Grammy Awards. These were for two songs on the album: "Go With the Flow" and "No One Knows". It was given a gold certification by the RIAA. This was the band's first gold certification. As of 2007, the album has sold over one million copies.

All tracks written by Joshua Homme and Nick Oliveri, except where noted. Lead vocals by Homme, except where noted.

Heteroromanticism

Heteroromanticism is a romantic orientation. A heteroromantic person is most likely to have a romantic relationship with a person of the opposite gender or sex. Heteroromantic people can have any sexual orientation. The term heteroromantic is useful for asexual people to describe their affection. The term is related to heterosexuality.

The term was created in on-line spaces, such as Asexual Visibility and Education Network.

Ghosts Again

"Ghosts Again" is a song by Depeche Mode, an English electronic band. It was released on 9 February 2023. It is the lead single from their fifteenth studio album, "Memento Mori".

The song is the first single release since co-founder and keyboardist Andy Fletcher died in May 2022. Dave Gahan said the song "captures this perfect balance of melancholy and joy". Martin Gore added that the song has "such an upbeat feel to it" and how rare it is for the band to record a song that "I just don't get sick of listening to".

Via media

Via media is a Latin phrase, that is often used in philosophy. It means the middle road. It is used for a position that is between two other, more extreme positions. Aristotle used the term, to talk about moderation. 

Many people who follow Anglicanism see themselves between the Roman Catholic Church, and Protestantism. Anglicans kept many ideas from the Roman Catholic tradition, but they also took up some ideas from Protestantism. Many see themselves, as being Catholic, but they do not recognise the pope as their leader.

Lutherans from the Nordic countries (Norway, Finland, and Sweden) have similar ideas:

No One Knows

"No One Knows" is a song by Queens of the Stone Age. Queens of the Stone Age is an American rock band. The song was written by Josh Homme and Mark Lanegan. It was the first single from the band's third album, "Songs for the Deaf". The song was released on November 26, 2002. "No One Knows" was the band's first song to be on the "Billboard" Hot 100. It was nominated for a Grammy Award in 2003.

"No One Knows" was released as a single on November 26, 2002. It is the most successful single from "Songs for the Deaf". It went onto many rock music charts in the United States. It was also number one on the US Alternative music chart. It is the band's highest charting single in many countries, such as the Netherlands and Ireland. The song reached number 15 on the UK Singles Chart.

Many critics liked the song. Triple J, an Australian radio station, voted it the best song of 2002. Triple J also voted four other Queens of the Stone Age songs for the top 100 best songs of 2002. "Rolling Stone" put "No One Knows" at number 97 on their list of the 100 best guitar songs. In 2014, "NME" said it was one of the 100 greatest songs of all time. The song was nominated for a Grammy Award for Best Hard Rock Performance in 2003. It was the band's first Grammy nomination. The award was given to "All My Life" by Foo Fighters. Dave Grohl, a member of Foo Fighters, played the drums on "No One Knows".

The single version of the song was released in many different ways. It was released on CD and 7" vinyl. The single had other songs on it. Different versions of the single had different songs.

Tryzub

The Tryzub is a Ukrainian national symbol and the modern small coat of arms of Ukraine. It is a golden trident of a particular shape on a blue background. It was also the coat of arms of the Rurikid dynasty and the Kievan Rus state in the past. There are different theories about the origin and meaning of the Tryzub, but none of them is widely accepted. The Tryzub is often thought to be a stylized image of a falcon or an anchor-cross. The concept of "Tryzubets" is much broader than the Tryzub and refers to graphic symbols that are genetically related to it, which can be found in many cultures around the world. The Tryzub was used as a symbol by the Rurikid princes, but it is not clear if it was a symbol only of the Rurikids or an ancient symbol of the Slavs.

Kaniv

Kaniv is a city located in central Ukraine, in the Cherkasy Oblast (province). It was founded in the 11th century by Kievan Prince Yaroslav the Wise. The city sits on the Dnieper River and is one of the main inland river ports on the Dnieper. It has a population of around 23,172 people. Kaniv is most famous for being the burial place of Taras Shevchenko, a celebrated Ukrainian poet and painter. The Kaniv reserve is the oldest historical and cultural reserve in Ukraine. There are many industries in the city, including a hydroelectric power plant, a fruit and vegetable factory, a condiments factory, a large milk and cheese factory, and a poultry processing factory. Kaniv played a prominent role in the Kievan Rus' (Ruthenian state) where it was a center of an apanage principality within the principality of Kyiv. It has been part of Kievan Rus', the Grand Duchy of Lithuania, and Poland. It was also one of the centers of Cossack culture and military life.

Ivan Franko

Ivan Franko (August 27, 1856 — May 28, 1916) was a Ukrainian writer, poet, translator, and public figure. He is known for his contributions to Ukrainian literature and culture, and is widely considered one of the most important Ukrainian writers of the late 19th and early 20th centuries.

Franko was born in the Austrian Empire (now Ukraine), and grew up in a family of modest means. Despite this, he was able to attend university in Lviv, where he studied history and philosophy. He later went on to study law in Vienna, and became a prominent public figure, advocating for the rights of the Ukrainian people.

Throughout his life, Franko was an active participant in Ukrainian cultural and political life. He was a member of several organizations devoted to promoting Ukrainian culture and language, and played an important role in the development of modern Ukrainian literature. He was also a member of the Austrian parliament, and advocated for the rights of the Ukrainian people both in Austria and in Ukraine.

Ivan Sirko

Ivan Sirko was a Ukrainian Cossack military leader and Koshovyi Otaman of the Zaporozhian Host, born around 1610 and died around 1680. He is believed to have co-authored the famous Cossack letter to the Ottoman sultan, which inspired the painting Reply of the Zaporozhian Cossacks by artist Ilya Repin. His place of birth is uncertain, but he is believed to have come from the Ukrainian (Ruthenian) Orthodox szlachta, a group of nobles. Sirko changed his political orientation several times throughout his career, sometimes supporting Moscow and sometimes fighting against it. He was known for his battles against the Poles, Tatars, and hetman Petro Doroshenko in alliance with Muscovy. Sirko was the first Cossack ataman to accept Kalmyks into his army.

Ol Chiki Teach

The Lets Learn Ol Chiki'" (ᱚᱞ ᱪᱤᱠᱤ) script, also known as "Ol Chemetʼ (Santali: ol" 'writing', "chemet 'learning'), Ol Ciki, Ol, and sometimes as the Santali alphabet invented by Pandit Raghunath Murmu in the year 1925, is the official writing system for Santali, an Austroasiatic language recognized as an official regional language in India. It is one of the official scripts of the Indian Republic.

Vitalii Kim

Vitalii Oleksandrovych Kim (born 13 March 1981) is a Ukrainian businessman and politician. He was born in Mykolaiv, Ukraine.

Kim's father was a basketball coach of Koryo-saram ancestry. Kim graduated from Mykolaiv Gymnasium No. 2 and Admiral Makarov National University of Shipbuilding with a degree in enterprise economics.

In 2019, he became a volunteer for the Servant of the People party.

Kim was appointed governor of Mykolaiv Oblast by President of Ukraine Volodymyr Zelenskyy in 2020. During the 2022 Russian invasion of Ukraine, he gained attention for his daily video updates on the situation in Mykolaiv Oblast. 

Kim is married and has three children. He speaks Ukrainian, Russian, English, some French, and Korean.

Kennedys Bush

Kennedys Bush is a south-western suburb in Christchurch. It is located in the Port Hills and is handy to the Halswell Quarry Park. It is located near the suburbs of Halswell and Westmorland.

Thor: Love and Thunder

Thor: Love and Thunder is a 2022 superhero movie directed by Taika Watiti, who co-wrote the screenplay with Jennifer Kaytin Robinson. It is the sequel to the 2017 movie "", also directed by Watiti, and the 29th movie in the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU). 

The movie stars Chris Hemsworth as Thor alongside Christian Bale, Tessa Thompson, Jaimie Alexander, Waititi, Russell Crowe, and Natalie Portman.

List of National Football League annual scoring leaders

This is a list of National Football League players who have led the regular season in scoring each year. 

The NFL did not begin keeping official records until the 1932 season. 

"Through season.

Biromanticism

Biromanticism is a romantic orientation. A biromantic person has romantic attraction to more than one gender. Biromantic people can have any sexual orientation. The term biromantic is useful for asexual people to describe their affection. The term is related to bisexuality.

The term was created in on-line communities, such as Asexual Visibility and Education Network.

Homoromanticism

Homoromanticism is a romantic orientation. A homoromantic person is most likely to have romantic relationship with a person of the same gender or sex. Homoromantic people can have any sexual orientation. The term homoromantic is useful for asexual people to express their affection. Some homoromantic people may also identify as lesbian or gay man.

The term was created in on-line communities, such as Asexual Visibility and Education Network.

Panromanticism

Panromanticism is a romantic orientation. A panromantic person has romantic attraction to people, regardless of gender. Similar to biromantic, panromantic people can have any sexual orientation. The term panromantic is useful for asexual people to express their affection. The term is related to pansexuality.

The term was created in on-line communities, such as Asexual Visibility and Education Network.

Anacostia River

The Anacostia River is a river in the Mid-Atlantic States of the United States. It flows from Prince George's County, Maryland, to Washington, D.C. The river is very polluted. Sewage water is dumped into the river.

Roman timekeeping

The Romans were pioneers in the creation of modern timekeeping. 
They were the first to give a name to the days of the week, naming them after their gods, and they revolutionised the idea of using the sun and the light to keep a record of the hours in a day.

First It Giveth

"First It Giveth" is a song by Queens of the Stone Age. Queens of the Stone Age is an American rock band. The song was on the band's third studio album, "Songs for the Deaf". The song was released as a single on August 18, 2003. It went to number 33 on the UK Singles Chart.

The song is about how drugs affect making music. In an interview, Josh Homme said that drugs can help inspire music, but can also make you stop having any ideas. "The Lord giveth, and the Lord taketh away" is a quote from the Bible. This quote inspired the name of the song.

The music video for "First It Giveth" shows the band playing music at a concert in 2002. It also shows Nick Oliveri playing the bass guitar while naked.

The song was released as a single in the United Kingdom.



Louis Prima

Louis Prima was an American jazz singer known for swing music. He became famous in the 1940s and 50s and played King Louie in Walt Disney’s cartoon of The Jungle Book.

The Jungle Book (1994 movie)

The Jungle Book (1994 film) is a live action remake of The Jungle Book (1967 film) that was made by the Walt Disney Company and was closer to The Jungle Book by Rudyard Kipling. It started Jason Scott Lee as Mowgli. In it, the animals don’t talk.

Jason Scott Lee

Jason Scott Lee is a Chinese American actor who started in the movie "" about the life of Bruce Lee. He also played Mowgli in "The Jungle Book".

James Dickey

James Lafayette Dickey (February 2, 1923 – January 19, 1997) was an American poet and novelist. From 1966 to 1968 he was the eighteenth United States Poet Laureate.

Dickey was born in Buckhead, Georgia, a suburb of Atlanta. He read Lord Byron's poetry when he was young. In high school he was good at football. He played varsity at Clemson College in South Carolina. World War II caused him to leave Clemson in 1942. He joined the U. S. Air Force and fought in the Asian and Pacific area. He started writing poetry during this time.

After the war, he finished his college work by getting a masters degree at Vanderbilt University. He taught for a while, but got a job writing advertisements to make more money.

In 1966, his poetry book "Buckdancer's Choice" won the National Book Award. Three of his other books were finalists: "Helmets" (1965), "Deliverance" (1971), and "Sorties" (1972). "Deliverance" was a novel that later was made into a movie.

He read a poem, "The Strength of Fields," at President Carter's inauguration in 1977. He was also a judge from 1990 to 1996 of the Yale Younger Poets Series.



Liberal Party (Brazil, 2006)

The Liberal Party is a Brazilian political party with a liberal and conservative orientation. It was founded in 2006 under the name Party of the Republic, and changed its name in 2019.

The Party of the Republic was created on October 24, 2006, by dissidents of the Liberal Party and the Progressive Party. It was founded with the aim of forming a strong congressional bloc that could negotiate with the federal government and represent the interests of states and municipalities. In the 2010 elections, the party elected 41 federal deputies and 6 senators, becoming the fourth-largest congressional bloc. In 2013, it decided to support the government of President Dilma Rousseff, which generated controversy among its members and criticism from the opposition. In 2019, the party changed its name to the Liberal Party, in an attempt to embrace a more liberal ideology and to dissociate itself from the image of a clientelistic and opportunist party.

The Liberal Party defines itself as a party with a liberal and conservative orientation. It advocates for a free market, a reduction of the tax burden, a smaller government, and the valorization of private initiative. It defends the family as the basic unit of society, the valorization of life from conception, freedom of expression, and the promotion of public security policies.In relation to economic issues, the party is in favor of privatizing state-owned companies and opening the Brazilian market to international trade. It advocates for a reduction of the public deficit, pension reform, and labor reform. Regarding social issues, the party is against the legalization of abortion, drug decriminalization, and gender ideology. It defends the right to bear arms and the autonomy of states and municipalities in issues such as education and public security.

Currently, the Liberal Party has 41 federal deputies and 4 senators. The party's caucus is composed of politicians from various states and regions of the country, and its main leaders are federal deputy Valdemar Costa Neto and senator Jorginho Mello. In the 2022 elections, the party maintained its position as one of the largest political forces in the country, electing governors in several states, as well as a large caucus of federal and state deputies.

Maglera Doe Boy

Tokelo Moyakhe (born 3 August 1993), is a South African rapper and songwriter popularly known as Maglera Doe Boy (or simply Maglera). He became famous after the release of "Never Ride" by MashBeatz after the single went viral on video sharing platform TikTok.




Russian Blue

The Russian Blue() is a cat breed that is short-haired and has a silver-gray coat. Originating in Russia, they are quiet and gentle, rarely crying, and when they do, it's very quiet.

It is believed to have originated from Archangel Isles in northern Russia, although this is not certain. Originally known as Archangel Blue or Foreign Blue, it is said to have been brought to England and Northern Europe by sailors in the 1860s. It was descended from an imperial cat of the Russian royal family and was said to have been a favorite of Queen Victoria, which is why it was introduced as the Archangel cat at the Crystal Palace in England in 1875. At the time of the Russian Blue's introduction, the prevalent cat in Europe was the chartreux, and because of their similar appearance, the Russian Blue was trained to behave like a Siamese and bred to conform to the British's appearance. This led to a gradual loss of distinctive characteristics, and later British breeders who wanted to keep the original Archangel cat alive tried to restore the Russian Blue's appearance. It was recognized as its own breed in 1912, and since then, British, American, and Scandinavian breeders have developed the pedigree and it began to gain popularity in the 1960s.

The Russian Blue cat was descended from the Russian royal family, the Czars. Unlike other cats, the Russian Blue had a reputation for being a wise cat who listened to his master and never got into trouble. One of the only cats to receive an imperial education, Russian Blue was taught manners, such as how to walk and how fast to eat, as well as how to properly follow his master's commands and read his moods. As a result, the Russian Blue remains popular today for its intelligence and wisdom.

Its most distinctive physical feature is the short, silvery-blue fur that densely covers its strong, sleek body. The silky fur tapers to a silvery color toward the tip. It is not patterned. Its head is V-shaped with a flat forehead and a long, slender neck. Its dark green eyes are round and it is known for changing its eye color twice. The dark blue-gray color of their eyes when they are first born changes to yellow at around 2 months of age, and then to green again around 5-6 months of age. However, most Russian Blues are crossed with British Shorthairs, so the green eyes are less common. The ears are large and pointed with a wide base. The tail is tapered towards the tip. They're very quiet and docile, but when their hunting instincts kick in, they'll bite anything they catch. They also have a low-pitched voice and rarely cry. They are affectionate and sensitive to their owner's emotions. They are affectionate with their owners and family members, but are wary of strangers and keep a low profile.


1933–34 Austrian Cup

The 1933-34 Austrian Cup was Austria's football cup competition. FK Austria Wien were the defending champions. 



 

Peter Platzer – Robert Pavlicek, Anton Janda, Johann Urbanek, Karl Humenberger, Josef Mirschitzka, Leopold Vogl, Wilhelm Hahnemann, Karl Stoiber, Anton Schall, Adolf Vogl <br>coaches:Hans Kozourek/Johann Skolaut
Rudolf Raftl - Karl Jestrab, Ludwig Tauschek, Franz Wagner, Josef Smistik, Johann Pesser, Johann Ostermann, Franz Weselik, Josef Bican, Franz Binder, Johann Luef <br>coaches: Dionys Schönecker/Eduard Bauer

Platymantis dorsalis

Dumeril's wrinkled ground frog, Meyer's wrinkled ground frog, or the common forest frog ("Platymantis dorsalis") is a frog. It lives in the Philippines.

Climate change in Nigeria

Climate change in Nigeria can be explained as an increase or decrease in temperature, and rainfall in coastal areas (places exposed to erosion) and continental areas. It, therefore, causes a rise in water level i.e. sea level, floods, erosions, etc. all of these will contribute negatively to the day-to-day activities of humans. 

Dionys Schönecker

Dionys Schönecker (29 April 1888 - 14 September 1938) was an Austrian football player, coach and official at SK Rapid Vienna.
His football career (1906–1910) was short and moderately successful. At that time there was no regular championship. He took over Rapid in 1910 and held this position until his death. Till 1925 he was also coach. The club was in a poor financial situation. The club had lost its ground and had become homeless as a result. The majority of the fighting team left the club. So Schönecker decided to continue playing with the youth team as a new first team. This youth team was champion in the first regular football season in 1911/12. In 1912 the club also received a new home ground. The Pfarrwiese was planned by Schönecker's brother and former national player Eduard Schönecker.

His management style was often described as authoritarian and when there were disciplinary problems with a player, the offending player was often quickly thrown out. A famous example is Josef Bican. During Schönecker's 28-years as head of the club from 1910 to 1938, Rapid became 12 times champion, 3 times cup winner and 1 time Mitropacup winner.

He died of appendicitis in 1938 at the age of 50. To honour him in 1985 the Schöneckergasse in Vienna-Penzing (14th district) was named after him.

Jake Wesley Rogers

Jake Wesley Rogers (born 19 December 1996) is an American pop musician and songwriter.

Rogers was born in Springfield, Missouri, where he learned to play the guitar at age 6 and began playing piano and voice training at age 12. He began performing in theater productions in 5th grade and writing songs soon thereafter. At a young age he attended formative concerts for artists like Lady Gaga and Nelly Furtado. He came out as gay in 6th grade, and though his family was supportive he felt he had to hide his orientation due to the cultural climate in his hometown.

Rogers moved to Nashville at age 18 to study songwriting at Belmont University. In his first year Rogers' live performance attracted the interest of Sony/ATV, resulting in a publishing deal. He graduated in 2018.

Rogers began releasing music independently in 2016, leading to his debut EP "Evergreen" in June 2017. After releasing his next two singles "Jacob from the Bible" and "Little Queen" in February and March 2019 respectively, Rogers released his sophomore EP "Spiritual" in April 2019, followed by a European tour and a performance on BBC Radio 4 that fall.

In November 2020, Rogers was featured on the "Happiest Season" soundtrack executive produced by Justin Tranter, alongside a slate of other LGBTQ songwriters and artists.

In May 2021, it was revealed that Rogers had signed to Warner Records via Tranter's imprint Facet Records.

Rogers released his debut major label single "Middle of Love" alongside the announcement. The single, which was co-written with Tranter and Eren Cannata, is the first offering from Rogers' forthcoming 2021 EP. Rogers released his next single "Momentary" in June 2020.

Rogers made his TV debut on October 5, 2021 on The Late Late Show with James Corden (Season 7, Episode 17), performing the song “Middle of Love”. Rogers will appear as an opening act on Ben Platt's Reverie Tour in September and October 2022.

Rogers will also appear as an opening act on Panic! at the Disco's Viva Las Vengeance Tour in September and October 2022.










Farringdon Road

Farringdon Road is a road in Clerkenwell, London.

Six's thermometer

Six's Maximum and Minimum thermometer is a thermometer that can show the maximum and minimum temperatures of a time period. British scientist James Six invented it in 1780. The same basic design is still in use.
It is made of a U-shaped glass tube with two separate temperature scales. There is a scale on each arm of the U. One is for recording the maximum temperature and the other for the minimum temperature. The arms of the U-shaped tube end in sealed glass bulbs. The bulb at the top of the minimum reading scale arm is full of alcohol, the other tube contains a vacuum (or low pressure alcohol vapour).
In the bend of the U is a bit of mercury, a metal that is liquid at room temperature. This is pushed around by the thermal expansion and contraction of the alcohol in the first bulb as it responds to the outside temperature. The vacuum in the other bulb allows free movement of the alcohol and mercury. It is the metal indices that measures the temperature; the mercury shows the temperature reading on both scales. This is unlike a normal mercury thermometer, in which the expansion and contraction of mercury itself indicate temperature.

The maximum and minimum readings are recorded by two small steel markers which are sprung into the capillary tube so that they can slide, but only if a force is applied to them, either by being pushed by the mercury or under the influence of an external magnet.

Before a new maximum or minimum reading can be taken, the thermometer must be reset by moving the markers to the top of the mercury. This is usually done by hand with a small magnet to slide them along the tube. Any change in temperature after that will push one of the markers along with it. 

If the temperature rises, the maximum scale marker will be pushed. If it falls, the moving mercury will push the minimum scale marker. As the temperature varies, the markers will remain in their positions unless the temperature becomes higher (for maximum) or lower (for minimum) than already recorded, in which case the relevant marker is pushed further. For this reason, the markers record the furthest point reached by the mercury in each arm of the tube. This corresponds to the highest and lowest temperatures since the last reset. Typically the thermometer is reset every day to measure temperature changes.

Tautonym

A tautonym is a species that has the name of a genus. For example, "Chanos chanos" is a tautonym.

Mykhailo Fedorov

Mykhailo Fedorov is a Ukrainian politician and businessman who was born on January 21, 1991. He is currently serving as the Vice Prime Minister of Ukraine and Minister of Digital Transformation since 2019. Fedorov has been actively involved in politics since his early twenties and was a member of the Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine, the country's parliament, from 2014 to 2019. He was appointed as the Minister of Digital Transformation by the Ukrainian President, Volodymyr Zelenskyy, in August 2019, with the aim of implementing digital reforms in the country's government and public sector. In his role as Vice Prime Minister, Fedorov is responsible for coordinating government policies on digital transformation and technology, and overseeing the implementation of key digital initiatives across various sectors of the Ukrainian economy.

Vikentiy Khvoyka

Vikentiy Khvoyka was a Czech-born Ukrainian archaeologist who discovered the Neolithic Trypillia culture of Ukraine and researched other archaeological cultures in the region. He was born on February 21, 1850, and lived in Kyiv from 1876. Khvoyka excavated in the Kyiv and Dnieper regions and was a founder of the Kyiv Museum of Antiquities and Art. He discovered the Trypillia culture in Ukraine, which was also discovered in Romania. Khvoyka died on October 20, 1914, and a street in Kyiv was renamed in his honor in 1962. A commemorative coin was issued in 2000 to mark the 150th anniversary of his birth.

Olene Teliha

Olena Teliha was a Ukrainian poet and activist. She was born in Russia in 1906 and moved to Kyiv with her family in 1918. Teliha became interested in Ukrainian language and literature, and after living in Czechoslovakia, she moved to Warsaw, Poland. In 1939, she joined the Organization of Ukrainian Nationalists and became an activist for Ukrainian culture and education. In 1941, she and her husband moved back to Kyiv, which was under Nazi occupation. Teliha continued her work as an activist and was the head of the Ukrainian Writers' Guild and edited a cultural newspaper. She was eventually arrested by the Gestapo and executed at Babi Yar in Kyiv at the age of 35.

Nizhyn

Nizhyn is a city in northern Ukraine. It is located in the Chernihiv Oblast and has a population of about 70,000 people. The city has a rich history, dating back to the 12th century.

In the past, Nizhyn was an important center of Ukrainian Cossacks and a major center of Hasidic Judaism. It was also known for its thriving Greek community and famous cucumbers. Today, Nizhyn is a major educational center, home to the Nizhyn Gogol State University and other institutions of higher learning. The city also has a number of parks and cultural institutions, including a museum of local history. Tourists visiting Nizhyn can explore the city's historical landmarks and architecture, including the Bezborodko Lyceum, the Ohel of Rabbi Dovber Schneuri, and the statue of Nikolai Gogol.

Cucuteni–Trypillia culture

The Cucuteni-Trypillia culture was an ancient society that existed in Eastern Europe between 5500 to 2750 BCE. It covered a large area from modern-day Moldova to western Ukraine and northeastern Romania. The culture is known for building large settlements with up to 3,000 structures, and potentially being inhabited by up to 46,000 people. They had a unique tradition of periodically burning their settlements, and then rebuilding them on top of the old ones. Some settlements had up to 13 levels of habitation.

Nathaniel

Nathaniel [ n"uh"-than-y"uh"l ] is a commonly found male name in English that comes from the Hebrew language name Nathanael. It is often simplified into "Nate" or "Nathan." The name Nathaniel has been in use for many centuries and has a significant backstory and significance. It comes from the Hebrew name Netan'el, which translates to "gift of God." Nathaniel is referenced in the Bible as one of Jesus Christ's twelve apostles, who is also known as Bartholomew. The name Nathaniel is well-liked in various cultures and has been used for both male and female individuals. This name was ranked #133 on the US Popular Names in 2021.


Madrid Mathematical Space

Madrid Mathematical Space (Spanish: Espacio Matemático de Madrid) is a mathematics exhibition located in Leganés, Spain.

The Madrid Mathematical Space was announced in 2022. On 25 May 2022 it opened.

The Madrid Mathematical Space opened on 21 February 2023, with the presence of Enrique Ossorio, Vice President of the Community of Madrid. Emma, ​​as the exhibition is also known, is located at the Gabriel García Márquez Secondary Education Institute.

Azhdakha

Azhdaha is a legendary creature in Bashkir folklore,dragon with many heads. 

Azhdakha (Azdaha) is a character from many fairy tales of the Bashkirs, also the epic Ural Batyr. This creature can have from 3 to 12 heads. Fire comes out of his mouths.

At first, Azhdakha looks like a snake. 100 year old snake becomes Azhdaha It has four legs and several heads. Azdaha often has wings and can fly. At the age of 500 years to 1000 years, it turns into a Yukha. Yukha can turn into a beautiful girl. She can marry a man to have children.

Azhdakha lives in rivers, lakes, swamps, sometimes in a well. It does not let people to take water. Azhdakha takes beautiful girls to her place yearly.

In many fairy tales, a brave and strong young man defeats Azhdakha. He cuts off the monster's heads.
The hero marries the girl he saved. 

In Bashkir fairy tales, Azhdakha is always a negative character. People are afraid to meet this terrible creature. Azhdakha comes to place with dark clouds together. Black clouds take Azhdakha away to the mountain Kaftau. Sometimes the summer can be hot and dry because of the breath of Azhdaha. 

Azhdakha bones are useful in the fight against the evil eye.


Museum of Mathematics of Catalonia

The Museum of Mathematics of Catalonia (Spanish: Museo de Matemáticas de Cataluña) is a mathematics museum located in the municipality of Cornellà, Barcelona.

The Museum started as an association to exhibit mathematics along Catalonia.

The Museum of Mathematics of Catalonia was based since 2014 until 2023 in the Palau Mercader Museum in Cornellà and hosts exhibitions and activities where mathematics is approached from a practical and playful point of view.

On 16 February 2023, it was decided to move to Can Bagaria.

Caruthersville Bridge

The Caruthersville Bridge is a cantilever bridge carrying Interstate 155 and U.S. Route 412 over the Mississippi River between Caruthersville, Missouri and Dyersburg, Tennessee. It is the only bridge that connects Missouri and Tennessee.

The bridge cost $25,800,000 and was opened on December 1, 1976.

List of mathematics museums in Spain

Spain has a few mathematics museums listed below.


Museum of Mathematics (Polytechnic University of Madrid)

Classroom-workshop-museum of mathematics, also known as Museum of Mathematics of the Polytechnic University of Madrid, is a mathematics museum located inside the University, in Madrid.

The Museum offers thematic exhibitions that change every year and that will mark the activities of the same. In this way, in each of the periods, a certain part of Mathematics and its applications is worked on. An exhibition dedicated to each of these themes is offered and workshops, conferences and activities are carried out in accordance with the subject matter.

The visit for the general public takes place on Saturdays when the museum is open and admission is free.

Museum of Mathematics of Aragon

The Museum of Mathematics of Aragon (Spanish: Museo de Matemáticas de Aragón) is a mathematics museum located in Huesca, next to the city's planetarium.

The idea of ​​opening a mathematics museum in Huesca began in 2019, when the museum opened in the Casbas Monastery. On 15 July 2019 it opened to the public.

In 2021, the Museum moved to the Huesca technology park, next to the planetarium, where it is currently located.

Canary Islands Mathematics House

The Canary Islands Mathematics House are a couple of places or museums of mathematics that are located in Tenerife and Gran Canaria.

The House Museum of Educational Mathematics of Tenerife was founded in 2012. It is located in Cercado Mesa, Tenerife.

The House Museum of Mathematics of Gran Canaria was founded in 2022. It is located in La Isleta, Gran Canaria.

Akbuzat

Akbuzat is a Bashkir folk epic. The main character of the epic is the winged horse Akbuzat. The epic Akbuzat is included in the cycle of fairy tales about the Ural Batyr.
In 1910, the epic was recorded by Mukhametsha Burangulov from Gabit-sesen. In 1917, he also recorded the second version of the epic from another teller. 

The epic tells about the structure of the world. This is how people used to imagine the structure of the Earth and space. The epic consists of their prose and poems. The teller tells the prose, and sings the poem. This is such a kind of performance of the epic.

There are many motives, episodes, images in the epic that connect it with the epic "Ural Batyr". In both epics, events take place on the territory of the Ural Mountains.

The story is based on the real world. The plot is based on the real world and the dream of a happy future. This epic is a heroic genre. The main theme is the battle for the happiness of people and for right. The character of the epic is "Khauban". Khauban in the underwater kingdom is looking for a stolen horse with wings Akbuzat and a diamond sword. He kills the Azhdakha and destroys the underwater kingdom. He frees the winged horse Akbuzat from slavery. The children of the Akbuzat horse still serve people.
He breaks the owner of the lake into small pieces with a sword. These pieces turn into snakes, frogs and bats. Khauban releases seven people from captivity. They are the founders of the Bashkir clans.

Based on the epic, two operas were staged. The 'Steppe' opera in 1931 and the 'Magic Horse' opera in 1942.<refAKBUZAT, opera></ref> A children's magazine 'Akbuzat' is published in Bashkortostan.

Hernando de Soto Bridge

The Hernando de Soto Bridge is a tied-arch bridge carrying Interstate 40 over the Mississippi River between West Memphis, Arkansas, and Memphis, Tennessee. People who live in Memphis also call the bridge the "New Bridge", because it is newer than the Memphis & Arkansas Bridge (carrying Interstate 55) downstream.

Memphis &amp; Arkansas Bridge

The Memphis & Arkansas Bridge, also known as the Memphis–Arkansas Bridge is a cantilevered truss bridge carrying Interstate 55 over the Mississippi River between West Memphis, Arkansas and Memphis, Tennessee. People who live in Memphis call this bridge the "Old Bridge", because it is older than the "New Bridge", or the Hernando de Soto Bridge, upstream.

The bridge also carries U.S. Route 61 (US 61), US 64, US 70 and US 79. The bridge was put on the National Register of Historic Places in 2001.

Sonic the Hedgehog (8-bit video game)

Sonic the Hedgehog is a 1991 video game released for the Master System and Game Gear, developed by Ancient and published by Sega.While it might look like a port, it is very different from its 16-bit counterpart, in terms of levels, bosses, and sprites. In this game, Sonic cannot recollect his rings after being hit. In many cases, he gets pushed off the screen when hit.

2021 Belgian Grand Prix

The 2021 Belgian Grand Prix (Known as the 2021 Rolex Belgian Grand Prix) was a Formula 1 race held on Sunday, August 29th, 2021 at the Circuit de Spa-Francorchamps. Planned to be held over 44 laps. The race was stopped on Lap 3 due to heavy rain conditions. Max Verstappen, driving for Oracle Red Bull Racing, won the race in Honda and Oracle Red Bull Racing’s 50th race as partnering with the team. George Russell was second, taking his first podium ahead of Lewis Hamilton in the Mercedes.

Race stats
Laps run: 3 (all behind the safety car)
Planned laps: 44
Weather: very wet
Location: Stavelot, Belgium

Bermuda Affair

Bermuda Affair is a 1956 American adventure drama movie directed by A. Edward Sutherland. It stars Gary Merrill, Kim Hunter and Ron Randell. It was distributed by Columbia Pictures.

Hyloscirtus conscientia

The Chical nubulous stream frog ("Hyloscirtus conscientia") is a frog. It lives in Ecuador. Scientists have seen it between 1495 and 1750 meters above sea level. They think it might live in Colombia too.

The adult male frog is about 29.6–33.3 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is 34.7 to 40 mm long. Frogs can be different colors, but they are lighter in color on the sides than on the back. They are ususally yellow-green with a brown stripe.

Scientists named thsi frog after the Latin idea conscientia for consciousness. An Ecuadorian teenager chose it. She said human beings had to stop these frogs from dying by using less water. Another teenager chose the name "nubular" even though it is not a word in either Spanish or English. It sounds like the Spanish word for "cloudy," and the frog lives in cloudy places.

When the Children Cry

"When the Children Cry" is a 1988 song by Danish American glam metal band White Lion and is the third and final single from their second studio album "Pride". It went to number 2 in Canada, number 3 in the United States, number 7 in Sweden and number 88 in the United Kingdom.

7-inch single

Dope (band)

Dope is an American nu metal band formed in 1997.


Dysmenorrhea

Dysmenorrhea (also referred to menstrual cramps) is pain during menstruation. It happens less than three days after the menstruation starts. The pain is usually in the pelvis or lower abdomen. Side effects can be diarrhea and nausea.

Black Country, New Road

Black Country, New Road (sometimes called BCNR) is an English rock band. The band was made in Cambridgeshire in 2018. As of 2023, the band has made two albums: "For the First Time" (2021) and "Ants From Up There" (2022).

The band became popular when it released singles in 2019. These singles were "Sunglasses" and "Athen's, France". These songs mixed sounds from experimental music, post-punk and post-rock. The band signed to Ninja Tune, and released their first album. It was named "For the First Time". It became very popular, and reached number 4 on the UK Albums Chart. It was also nominated for a Mercury Prize. The band's guitar player, Isaac Wood, left the band before they released their next album. In 2022, the band released "Ants From Up There". Many critics liked the album. It reached number 3 on the UK Albums Chart. It sold many copies. It is the band's most popular album.

As of 2023, the band has six members. These are Tyler Hyde (singing, bass guitar), Lewis Evans (singing, flute, saxophone), May Kershaw (singing, keyboard), Georgia Ellery (singing, violin), Charlie Wayne (singing, drums) and Luke Mark (guitar). The band's music has been compared to bands such as Black Midi and Slint.

Woodend, Southland

Woodend is a rural suburb in Invercargill. It is located on the southern end of Invercargill on State Highway 1 with the suburb of Clifton in the northwest. It has a population of 174 people living there.

Ace of Hearts (Chris Rea song)

"Ace of Hearts" is a 1984 song by English singer Chris Rea. It is the fourth and final single from his sixth studio album "Wired to the Moon". It went to number 78 in the United Kingdom and number 26 in Ireland.

7-inch single (UK release)

7-inch double-pack single (UK release)

7-inch single (German and French release)

12-inch and cassette single (UK release)

12-inch single (German release)

12-inch single (French release)

Freight Train Heart

Freight Train Heart is the third studio album by Australian singer Jimmy Barnes and released on 13 November, 1987 through Mushroom Records. It went to number 1 in Australia, number 5 in New Zealand, number 24 in Sweden, number 86 in Canada and number 104 in the United States.


James Barry

James Barry (born c. 1789 – 25 July 1865) was a military surgeon in the British Army. He is seen as a pioneer in hospital reform and hygiene.

Barry was originally from the city of Cork in Ireland. He received a medical degree from the University of Edinburgh Medical School, then served in Cape Town (South Africa) and in many other parts of the British Empire. Before he retired, Barry had risen to the second-highest medical office in the British Army. Everywhere he served, improvements were made to sanitary conditions and to the diet and conditions of common soldiers as well as native inhabitants. This helped improve the rates of patient survival and pushed forward the field of surgery. He performed the first recorded caesarean section by a European in Africa in which both the mother and child survived the operation.

Although Barry lived his entire adult life as a man, it is now believed that he was known as female in childhood, and disguised his sex all his adult life. Barry's work, which saved, and helped thousands of lives by improving treatment of wounds to stop amputations, would not have been possible as a woman, because women could not attended medical school or enter the army. Barry's biological sex only became known to the public and to his military colleagues after his death, when his body was examined.

Jane Bowles

Jane Bowles (born Jane Stajer Auer; February 22, 1917 – May 4, 1973) was an American writer and playwright.

Jane Auer was born in New York City in 1917. At a private high school in Massachusetts she fell from a horse. She injured her knee and was lame for the rest of her life.

She married composer Paul Bowles in 1938. Their marriage was unusual because she was lesbian and he was bisexual. They travelled in Europe, Asia, and Latin America, but settled in Tangier, Morocco in 1948.

Her only novel, "Two Serious Ladies", came out in 1943. It gave her husband the idea to start writing fiction himself. She wrote short stories and her play, "In the Summer House", was printed in "Best Plays of 1953–1954".

At age forty, in 1957, she had a stroke. Her physical and mental health began to get worse. In 1968 she moved to Málaga, Spain and stayed in a number of psychiatric hospitals. 

Bowles died on May 4, 1973. She is buried at Cementerio de San Miguel in Málaga.


Pathaan (movie)

Pathaan is a 2023 Indian Hindi-language action thriller movie. It was directed by Siddharth Anand. The movie was produced by Aditya Chopra of Yash Raj Films. It is the fourth movie in the YRF Spy Universe. The movie stars Shah Rukh Khan, Deepika Padukone and John Abraham. Dimple Kapadia and Ashutosh Rana are also in the movie. It was written by Shridhar Raghavan and Abbas Tyrewala from a story by Anand. The movie is about an exiled RAW agent who must work with an ISI agent to stop a former RAW agent-turned-traitor from spreading a virus across India.

Principal photography for the movie began in November 2020 in Mumbai. The movie was filmed in locations in India, Afghanistan, Spain, United Arab Emirates, Turkey, Russia, Italy and France. 

Two songs in the movie were composed by the duo Vishal–Shekhar. The score for the movie was composed by Sanchit Balhara and Ankit Balhara. A music video was made for one song from the movie, "Besharam Rang", It featured Padukone in a saffron bikini. The video led to protests by right-wing Hindutva groups. They saw it as an insult and a call by them to boycott the movie. The Central Board of Film Certification said the the movie could be shown after certain edits were made to the song sequence. It is estimated that it cost ₹225 crores (US$28 million) to make the movie. Another ₹15 crore (US$1.9 million) was spent spent on distribution and advertising. There was no media interactions or public events before the release of the movie. 

"Pathaan" was released in India on 25 January 2023. This was the Republic Day weekend. The movie was released in IMAX, 4DX and standard formats. Version dubbed in Tamil and Telugu were also released at that time. The movie got positive reviews from critics. It broke several Indian box-office records. It has the biggest opening day and opening weekend for a Hindi movie. The movie grossed ₹1,004.39 crores (US$130 million) worldwide. This ranks is as the highest-grossing Indian movie and the highest-grossing Hindi movie of 2023, It is also the highest-grossing Hindi movie in the original language of all time. The movie is also the second-highest-grossing Hindi movie worldwide and the fifth-highest-grossing Indian movie of all time. , it was the highest-grossing movie of Khan's career and of Yash Raj Films' releases.

Platymantis corrugatus

The Philippine wrinkled ground frog or rough-backed forest frog ("Platymantis corrugatus") is a frog. It lives in the Philippines.

The Jungle Book: Mowgli's Story

The Jungle Book:Mowgli’s Story is a 1998 movie made by the Walt Disney Company based on The Jungle Book by Rudyard Kipling and was a direct to video movie. In it Brandon Baker plays Mowgli with Eartha Kitt as Bagheera.

Mowgli (character)

Mowgli is a fictional character created by Rudyard Kipling for his short story In the Rukh and is the main protagonist of The Jungle Book and its sequel The Second Jungle Book.

List of National Football League annual punting yards leaders

This is a list of National Football League players who have led the regular season in punting yards each year.

The following is the season-by-season listing:

Shahidul Zahir

Shahidul Zahir (; born as Mohammad Shaheedul Haque, 11 September 1953 – 23 March 2008) was a Bangladeshi novelist, short story writer and government bureaucrat.

He originally joined the Bangladesh Civil Service in 1981 and began writing at the age of twenty-one. His first published in 1985 was a short story collection.

He was best known for his novels "Jibon O Rajnaitik Bastobota" (1988) and "Abu Ibrahimer Mirtu" (2009). His books were mainly about human love, solitude, magic realism, realism, and politics.

Zahir received the Alaol Literary Award and the Kagoz Literary Award in 2004 for his contribution to literature during his lifetime.

His last novella was published posthumously in 2009. He retired in March 2008 because of acute myocardial infarction. He was a confirmed bachelor and was often questioned on this.



Washington State Route 518

State Route 518 (SR 518) is a highway in King County in the U.S. state of Washington. The highway goes from Burien at SR 509 to I-5 and I-405 in Tukwila.

The highway goes next to Seattle–Tacoma International Airport, giving people an easy way to get to and leave the airport.

Shandur

Shandur is a city located in Chitral District Khyber Pakhtunkhwa Province of Pakistan.

U.S. Route 10

U.S. Route 10 or U.S. Highway 10 (US 10) is a United States highway in the Midwest of the United States. The highway goes from West Fargo, North Dakota to Bay City, Michigan. In the past, US 10 went from Seattle, Washington to Detroit, Michigan. As Interstate Highways were being built, people used US 10 less. The highway is long.

The highway uses the ferry SS "Badger" between Ludington, Michigan, and Manitowoc, Wisconsin across Lake Michigan. The ferry has been a part of US 10 since 2015. The ferry is in use only between May and October.

Demiromanticism

Demiromanticism is a romantic orientation. It's considered to be in the gray area of aromanticism. A demiromantic person can have romantic attraction after an emotional bond. It's related to demisexuality. Demiromantic people can have any sexual orientation. The term was created in asexual communities, such as Asexual Visibility and Education Network.

Bougival

Bougival is a French city located in the Yvelines departement.

List of Israeli highways

This is a list of Israeli highways. Besides highways in Israel proper, it includes highways in the West Bank and the Golan Heights, because the Israeli administration maintains them in these areas.

There are 48 designated Israeli highways. Most of these are open-access arterial expressways, which may be entered from ordinary junctions. Some are limited-access freeways, which may be entered from interchanges. Six highways are freeways, six are partially limited-access freeways and partially expressways, and the other 35 are expressways. There is only one three-digit road in the country classified as a freeway, Route 431. Highway 6, the Trans-Israel Highway, is the only toll road.

Two of the expressways (Highway 57 and Highway 60) are divided into several separate sections as a result of an IDF decree forbidding Israelis from traveling on certain stretches of these highways (see Notes below).



Afikim (company)

Afikim is an Israel bus company that operates on routes connecting the Gush Dan and Sharon plain regions with the western Samaria region of the West Bank, as well as lines in Ashdod, Yavne, Rosh HaAyin and other locations.

The company was founded in 2008 and is part of Sela Holdings. It began operating on September 1, 2009.

In March 2013, the company began operating 'Palestinian only' buses and bus lines for Palestinian workers commuting from the West Bank to jobs in Israel, following complaints from Jewish settlers.

Afikim also purchased Connex's activity in Israel in 2013, significantly expanding its operations, and as of November 2014, operated about 145 routes and a fleet of 350 buses, with plans to purchase a further 200 for the Ashdod–Yavne–Tel Aviv sector. In 2015, Afikim won the tender for cluster of Petah Tikva and Rosh HaAyin which includes all intracity service in Petah Tikva and Rosh HaAyin.

On May 6 2016, Afikim started to operate the intracity and intercity services in Rosh HaAyin and line 47 from Giv'at Shmuel to Petah Tikva.

On February 13 2017, Afikim started to operate line 485 from Jerusalem to Ben Gurion Airport.

In 2017, each sector had the following annual ridership:

On 12 February 2020, the United Nations published a database of 112 companies helping to further Israeli settlement activity in the West Bank, including East Jerusalem, as well as in the occupied Golan Heights. These settlements are considered illegal under international law. Afikim was listed on the database on account of its "provision of services and utilities supporting the maintenance and
existence of settlements, including transport" in these occupied territories.

Transport in Rosh HaAyin

Transport in Rosh HaAyin refers to the various modes of transportation available in the city of Rosh HaAyin, Israel. The city is well-connected with the rest of the country through a network of roads, highways, railways and bus services.

Rosh HaAyin is located on the crossroads of Highway 5 and Highway 444, providing easy access to major cities like Tel Aviv, Haifa, Jerusalem, and Petah Tikva. The city is also well-connected with the rest of the country through a network of local roads and highways. The city has an efficient road transport system with well-paved roads and highways.

Rosh HaAyin is served by one railway station, Rosh HaAyin North which is located on the hasharon railway line. The railway stations connect the city to major cities like Tel Aviv, Haifa, and raanana. The trains run frequently, providing a convenient and affordable mode of transportation for the residents and visitors of the city.

Rosh HaAyin is served by a number of bus routes operated by afikim Bus Cooperative, and Kavim Bus Company(Buslines 176,276,444). The buses connect the city to major cities like Tel Aviv(buslines 250,282,471,472,473,477), Petah Tikva(buslines 17,27,30,37), Jerusalem. The city also has a local bus service, operated by Egged Bus Cooperative, which provides transportation within the city limits.

Black Mountain College

Black Mountain College was a school near Asheville, North Carolina. It existed from 1933 to 1957.

The college was started by John Andrew Rice in 1933. He wanted to have a school that ran on philosopher John Dewey's ideas about education. One of the big ideas was that the study and practice of art was most important to a person's education. Another idea was that students should be free to learn in their own way and in their own time.

From the beginning, the school attracted faculty who were original thinkers and talented makers. These included John Andrew Rice (classical literature), Theodore Dreier (physics), Frederick Georgia (chemistry), and Josef and Anni Albers (art). Poet Charles Olson was an important teacher in the 1950s. 

Visiting faculty during the summer terms included dancer Merce Cunningham; composer John Cage; painters Jacob Lawrence, Robert Motherwell, Franz Kline, and Ben Shahn; photographers Harry Callahan and Aaron Siskind; critics Clement Greenberg, Paul Goodman and Alfred Kazin; architects Walter Gropius and Buckminster Fuller; poets Robert Creeley, Robert Duncan and Hilda Morley; and potters Marguerite Wildenhain and Shoji Hamada.

Many students became very well-known in the 1950s and later. They included sculptor Ruth Asawa; artists Ray Johnson, Kenneth Noland, Robert Rauschenberg, Cy Twombly, and Robert De Niro Sr.; and filmmaker Arthur Penn, poet John Wieners, and writer Francine du Plessix Gray.

The college closed after 24 years in 1957 because of money problems.


U.S. Route 20

U.S. Route 20 or U.S. Highway 20 (US 20) is an east–west United States highway that goes from Newport, Oregon to Boston, Massachusetts. The highway is long. It is the longest road in the United States.

There is a gap in the official signage of US 20 through Yellowstone National Park. The park uses unnumbered roads.

The House of the Rising Sun

"The House of the Rising Sun" is a 1964 song by British band The Animals and taken from their debut studio album "The Animals". It topped the single charts in the United Kingdom, the United States, Canada, Finland and Spain. It also went to number 2 in Australia and New Zealand.

Flandes

Flandes is a municipality in the Tolima department of Colombia. The population of the municipality was 28,615 as of the 2020 census.

Comillas

Comillas is a municipality in the comarca of Costa Occidental, in Cantabria, Spain.

It has an area of 18.46 km² and a population of 2,144 people.

Wynncraft

Wynncraft is a "Minecraft" server, that homes a Minecraft massively multiplayer online role-playing game (MMORPG) game. Wynncraft was made mostly by Jumla, Salted, and Grian, and it was released in April of 2013. One server owner, Salted, said on Twitter, that over 2.9 million players had joined the server at one point, as of March 2021.

Wynncraft has been highly perceived, for having complete gameplay, all on Minecraft. Some reviewers praised the game for it's use of Minecrafts vanilla tools, to create a full MMO game. According to Guinness World Records, in July of 2017, it was the biggest MMORPG game built on Minecraft.


Santander, Cebu

Santander (; ), is a municipality in the province of Cebu, Philippines. According to the 2020 census, it has a population of 18,527 people.

To Pimp a Butterfly

To Pimp a Butterfly is the third studio album by Kendrick Lamar. It was released on March 15, 2015. It was released by Top Dawg Entertainment, Aftermath Entertainment and Interscope Records. The album had many different producers and musicians that helped make it. Some producers were Dr. Dre, , Pharrell Williams, , , and Rahki. Some musicians that helped make the album were Thundercat, George Clinton, Bilal, Snoop Dogg, Ronald Isley, and Rapsody.

The album combines many different types of music. It is mainly hip hop music. However, it also has other types of music important to African-American history, such as jazz, soul and funk. It has lyrics that talk about political problems (such as not treating people fairly) and African-American culture.

Over one million copies of the album have been sold. When it was released, it was number one on the "Billboard" 200. This is an American music chart. It was Lamar's first number one album on the UK Albums Chart. It was also certified platinum by the RIAA. The album had five singles. The most popular song from the album is "I". It went into the top 40 on the "Billboard" Hot 100. Many critics liked the album. It was nominated for seven Grammy Awards. One of these was for Album of the Year. "To Pimp a Butterfly" is one of the best rated albums of 2015, as well as the 2010s. Many critics have said it is one of the best albums ever made. 


Mushroom cloud

Mushroom clouds are a mushroom shaped explosion, with lots of smoke, fire, and sometimes water vapour that come from explosions. Usually they are associated with nuclear explosions, but any large explosion can produce a mushroom cloud.

Shelly Oberoi

Shelly Oberoi is an Indian politician and the current mayor of North Delhi Municipal Corporation. She was elected to the position in May 2022, becoming the first-time councillor of the Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) to hold the position.

Oberoi was born in Delhi and completed her schooling from Delhi Public School, R.K. Puram. She went on to obtain a degree in Commerce from the University of Delhi. Prior to entering politics, Oberoi worked as a businesswoman and entrepreneur.

In 2017, Oberoi joined the AAP and contested the municipal elections from the Model Town ward in North Delhi. Despite facing a tough challenge from the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP), she emerged victorious, becoming the first-ever AAP councillor from the area.

As a councillor, Oberoi focused on improving civic amenities in her ward, including better sanitation, road repairs, and street lighting. She also worked to improve the quality of education and healthcare facilities in her area.

In 2022, Oberoi was chosen as the AAP's candidate for the mayoral elections in North Delhi. Despite facing tough competition from the BJP, she won the election with a comfortable margin, becoming the first-ever AAP mayor of North Delhi.

As mayor, Oberoi has prioritized the implementation of various welfare schemes for the citizens of North Delhi. She has also emphasized the need for greater cooperation between the state government and the municipal corporation to improve the quality of civic amenities in the area.

Oberoi's rise to the position of mayor has been seen as a testament to the growing influence of the AAP in Delhi's political landscape. Her focus on improving the quality of life for citizens and commitment to inclusive governance has earned her widespread support and admiration.

HaSharon Railway

The HaSharon Railway is a railway line in Israel that runs from Tel Aviv to Haifa, with stops in several cities and towns in the Sharon region of central Israel. The line is operated by the Israel Railways company, and is one of the busiest railway lines in the country.

The history of the HaSharon Railway dates back to the early 20th century, when the Ottoman Empire built a railway line between Jaffa and Jerusalem. The line was later extended to Haifa, and became an important transportation link in the region. However, the line was largely destroyed during World War I, and was only partially rebuilt by the British during their mandate over Palestine.

In the years following Israel's independence in 1948, the government began to invest in the country's transportation infrastructure, and decided to rebuild the railway line between Tel Aviv and Haifa. The line was completed in the 1950s, and has since undergone several renovations and upgrades to accommodate growing demand.

Today, the HaSharon Railway runs on a double-track electrified line, with a top speed of 160 km/h. The line connects several major cities in the Sharon region, including Netanya, Hadera, and Binyamina, and provides a fast and efficient transportation option for commuters and travelers.

In recent years, there have been plans to expand the HaSharon Railway even further, with proposals to extend the line to additional cities in northern and central Israel, as well as plans to connect the line to the proposed Tel Aviv Light Rail system. These expansion plans are aimed at reducing traffic congestion on Israel's roads, and improving transportation accessibility for residents and visitors alike.

Bohdan Batruch

Bohdan Batruch (born on August 9, 1957, Biały Bir, Poland) is a Ukrainian film producer, distributor, and philanthropist. He comes from the Batrukh family, who were forcibly resettled to Poland in the 1940s. Batruch studied at the Alexander Zelverowicz Theater Academy in Warsaw, where he graduated as a playwright, screenwriter, and theater critic. After graduating, Batruch worked with Hollywood film companies and Canadian film producer Yuri Rogovoy. In 1995, Batruch founded the film distribution company B&H Film Distribution and opened the first cinema of the Kinopalats chain in Kyiv. In the 2010s, Batruch's distribution company B&H released full-length Ukrainian-language feature films in wide distribution, including Shadows of Unforgotten Ancestors (2013) and The Guide (2013).

Batruch is also a philanthropist and the son-in-law of Ukrainian-Canadian-Swiss economist Bohdan Hawrylyshyn. He lives in Kyiv, Warsaw, and Geneva.

Artem Borodatiuk

Artem Borodatiuk (born May 20, 1985, Odesa, Ukrainian SSR) is a Ukrainian entrepreneur and founder of the digital marketing agency Netpeak. 

Artem Borodatiuk was born on May 20, 1985 in Odesa. He graduated from the Institute of Computer Systems of Odesa National Polytechnic University in 2007 and is a certified Google AdWords specialist. Borodatiuk later founded the Netpeak Group, which includes other agencies such as Serpstat, Inweb, Choice31 and Octopus Events. 

Artem Borodatiuk is also co-founded the WannaBiz business incubator and has been involved in organizing several conferences on advertising and technology theme. He is the co-organizer of the conferences "8P" in Odesa and "Online Advertising" in Kyiv, Almaty (Kazakhstan), Sofia (Bulgaria), SaaS Nation in Kyiv. After the 2022 Russian invasion of Ukraine, Borodatiuk launched the "Together - More" program to support various foundations and charities.

Oleh Dunda

Oleh Dunda (born March 6, 1980, Dnipro) is a Ukrainian entrepreneur and politician. 

He graduated from the State Institute for Advanced Training and Retraining of Managers and Specialists of the Metallurgical Complex in Dnipro with a degree in finance. Mr. Dunda has worked as an economist and project manager for various companies, including Bank Ukraine, PrivatBank, S.Y. Desijn LLC, B.I.D. LLC, and A.V.S. LLC. He is also a director of a construction company. In 2015, he ran for a seat in the Kyiv City Council with the "Vidrodzhennia" party. In 2019, he was a candidate for the Ukrainian Parliament with the Servant of the People party. 

He is currently a member of the Verkhovna Rada Committee on the Organization of State Power, Local Self-Government, Regional Development, and Urban Planning. 

Modern Hebrew

Modern Hebrew () is the standard form of the Hebrew language spoken today. It is the official language of Israel, where it is used in government, education, and daily life.

The roots of Modern Hebrew can be traced back to ancient Hebrew, which was used in the Bible and other religious texts. However, after the destruction of the Second Temple in Jerusalem in 70 CE, Hebrew ceased to be a spoken language and was only used for religious purposes.

In the late 19th century, a group of Jewish scholars and writers began working to revive Hebrew as a spoken language. They developed new words and grammatical structures to adapt the language for modern use.

Modern Hebrew is spoken today by about 9 millions of people (counting native, fluent and non-fluent speakers), mostly in Israel. 

Modern Hebrew revival refers to the effort to revive Hebrew as a spoken language. Hebrew was originally a language spoken in ancient times, was not a spoken language later, and was only used for religious purposes.

In the late 19th century, a group of Jewish scholars and writers began working to revive Hebrew as a spoken language, in what is known as the Hebrew Language Revival. They developed new words and grammatical structures to adapt the language for modern use. This effort was part of the broader Zionist movement, which aimed to establish a Jewish homeland in Palestine.

Through the efforts of these scholars and writers, Hebrew was once again established as a living language, and it is now the official language of Israel. Modern Hebrew has evolved to include modern terminology for fields such as science, technology, and politics, while still retaining its rich literary and religious traditions.

Modern Hebrew is classified as an Afroasiatic language of the Semitic family, the Canaanite branch of the North-West semitic subgroup.
Modern Hebrew has loanwords from many languages, including Arabic (Levantine dialect and from the Jewish Arab dialects), Aramaic, Yiddish, Judaeo-Spanish (Ladino), German, Polish, Russian and English.

Costa del Sol

The population of the Costa del Sol varies depending on the time of year, as it is a popular tourist destination and many people own holiday homes in the region. According to the latest available data from the National Statistics Institute of Spain, The population of the province of Malaga was about 1.6 million in 2020.

Here are some interesting facts about the Costa del Sol:


The history of the Costa del Sol is a lasting and fascinating one; it dates back thousands of years to the time of the Phoenicians and the Romans.

The Phoenicians represent the first to establish a settlement in the region, followed by the Romans, who founded the city of Malaca (modern-day Malaga) around 300 BC. During the Roman period, the region became a successful centre for trade, agriculture, and mining. The Romans built several towns and ports along the coast, including Cartama, Velez-Malaga, and Almuñecar. Moorish In the ninth century AD, the Moors invaded Spain and introduced Islam to the country. They dominated the Costa del Sol for centuries, leaving a profound cultural legacy that can still be seen in some of the region's most prominent landmarks. The Moors established irrigation and agriculture systems in the area and introduced crops like as olives, almonds, oranges, and le.ns.

Spanish conquest: In 1487, the Spanish monarchs, Isabella and Ferdinand, conquered the Costa del Sol and the rest of Andalusia. The Catholic Monarchs encouraged the resettlement of the region by Christians, leading to the construction of many churches and monasteries.

Modern Times: In the 20th century, the Costa del Sol experienced a significant transformation as it became a desired tourist destination for visitors from around the world. The first luxury hotels were developed in the 1950s and 1960s, followed by a boom in the construction of holiday homes and apartments in the 1970s and 1980s. The tourism industry has since become a significant economic driver for the region, with millions of visitors flocking to the Costa del Sol every year to enjoy its pleasant climate, beautiful beaches, and cultural attractions.

In conclusion, the history of the Costa del Sol has been a wealthy and diverse one, shaped by various cultures and civilizations over thousands of years. Today, the region remains a vibrant and thriving destination that continues to engage visitors from all over the world.

There are several public transport options available to travel from Malaga airport to the Costa del Sol:

Bus: Several bus lines connect Malaga airport with various destinations along the Costa del Sol, including Torremolinos, Benalmadena, Fuengirola, Marbella, and Estepona. The bus stops are located outside Terminal 3, and tickets can be purchased from the driver or at the ticket machines at the bus stop.

Train: The suburban train (C1 line) runs from Malaga airport to Fuengirola, with stops at Torremolinos, Benalmadena, and other towns along the way. The train station is located across from Terminal 3, and tickets can be purchased at the ticket machines or the ticket office.

Taxi: Taxis are available at the taxi rank outside each terminal, and can take you directly to your destination along the Costa del Sol. The taxi fare is determined by the distance traveled and the time of day. The main taxi company at Malaga Airport is Unitaxi.

Car rental: Several car rental companies have offices at the airport, and renting a car can be a convenient way to explore the Costa del Sol at your own pace.

Overall, public transport is a convenient and affordable way to travel from Malaga airport to the Costa del Sol, with options to suit all budgets and travel preferences.

Private Malaga airport transfers: If you prefer, you can also pre-book with a private Malaga airport transfer company, It's always a good idea to read reviews and compare prices before booking a private transfer. That way, you can find a company that meets your needs and fits your budget.
The Costa del Sol region in southern Spain has many tourist attractions to offer visitors. Here are some popular tourist attractions within the Costa del Sol region, including Marbella, Puerto Banus, Malaga, Estepona, and other nearby areas:

Old Town, Marbella: The Old Town of Marbella is a charming and picturesque area with narrow streets, whitewashed buildings, and beautiful flower-filled balconies. Visitors can also enjoy local restaurants, cafés, and shops.

Puerto Banus Marina: Puerto Banus is a luxury marina located in Marbella. It is a popular spot for yacht watching, shopping, and dining.

Alameda Park: The Alameda Park is a beautiful park in central Malaga. Visitors can relax in the park's gardens and fountains or visit the nearby museums.

Malaga Cathedral: The Malaga Cathedral is a stunning example of Renaissance architecture. Visitors can explore the cathedral and climb to the top for panoramic views of the city.

Picasso Museum: The Picasso Museum in Malaga is a must-see for art lovers. The museum contains over 200 works by Pablo Picasso, including paintings, sculptures and ceramics.

Estepona Old Town: The Old Town of Estepona is a charming area with narrow streets and beautiful flower-filled balconies. Visitors can also enjoy local restaurants, cafes, and shops.

Mijas Pueblo: Mijas Pueblo is a picturesque white village with narrow streets and stunning views of the surrounding mountains.

Selwo Aventura: Selwo Aventura is a wildlife park in Estepona. Visitors can see a variety of animals, including elephants, lions, and giraffes, and enjoy outdoor activities such as zip-lining and hiking.

Gibraltar: Gibraltar is a British Overseas Territory located on the southern coast of Spain. Visitors can see the famous Rock of Gibraltar, explore the historic town, and even go on a dolphin-watching tour.

Aena is the Spanish airport operator that manages Malaga-Costa del Sol Airport. Aena operates several airports throughout Spain and is responsible for providing a range of services and facilities to ensure safe and efficient airport operations.

At Malaga Airport, Aena is responsible for managing airport operations, including air traffic control, ground handling services, and maintenance of airport infrastructure. Aena also oversees the development and implementation of security measures at the airport, to ensure the safety and security of passengers and staff.

In addition to these operational responsibilities, Aena is also involved in the management and development of commercial services at Malaga Airport, such as retail and food and beverage outlets. Aena works to ensure that these services meet the needs and expectations of passengers, while also generating revenue for the airport.

Overall, Aena plays an important role in the operation and development of Malaga Airport, helping to ensure that it continues to provide a high level of service and convenience to travellers visiting the Costa del Sol region.

Malaga-Costa del Sol Airport (AGP), commonly referred to as simply Malaga Airport, is the nearest airport to the Costa del Sol. It is located approximately 8 kilometres (5 miles) southwest of Malaga's city centre and approximately 50 kilometres (31 miles) east of the renowned resort town of Marbella.

Malaga Airport is one of Spain's busiest, servicing about 19 million people each year. It serves a variety of local and international destinations and is a hub for various airlines, including Ryanair, Vueling, and Norwegian.

The airport features two terminals, Terminals 2 and 3, that are linked by a covered walkway. Both terminals provide a variety of amenities, such as shops, restaurants, and cafés, as well as ATMs, currency exchange, and baggage storage. The airport also has a number of automobile rental firms.

There are various transportation choices accessible from the airport to the Costa del Sol, including licensed taxis, public buses, and private transfer services. You may also hire a car at the airport and drive to your destination.

Overall, Malaga Airport is a contemporary, well-equipped facility that serves as a handy entry point to the Costa del Sol region.
Letters in different scripts

This is a chart of how letters look in different languages. 

For each letter there is an image, and under the image, in parentheses, is the equivalent Unicode character (for copypasting). If you have a suitable font installed on your device, the Unicode character should look similar or identical to the character in the image. (otherwise you may see boxes, question marks or other placeholder characters)

Schleederbaach

The Schleederbaach also known as the Millebaach is a tributary of the River Syre in Luxembourg. It starts in the Contern-Sanweiler Industrial Zone. And flows down to Moutfort where it meets the syre.

Kackeschbaach

The Kackeschbaach (part of it is also known as the Kettebaach) is a tributary of the Syre in the communes of Sandweiler and Contern in Luxembourg. It flows from the South of Sandweiler out east before heading further south, roughly following Route de Remich through Eitermillen and it ends in Oetrange.

Arthur D. Levinson

Arthur D. Levinson (born March 31, 1950) is an American businessman and is the current chairman of Apple Inc. (2011–present) and CEO of Calico (an Alphabet Inc. venture).

Kaus Mia

Kaus Mia is a Bangladeshi businessman who gained national attention for his exceptional commitment to paying taxes. Born in 1931, he started his career as a small grocer at the age of 19, before moving on to the tobacco industry.

Mia first gained public recognition in 2021, when he was named the best taxpayer of the Mujib Year, which marked the birth centenary of Sheikh Mujibur Rahman, the founding father of Bangladesh. The award was presented to him by the National Board of Revenue (NBR) in recognition of his exemplary record of tax compliance and contribution to the country's economic development.

Mia's success story is all the more remarkable given his humble beginnings. As a young man, he started his own small grocery store in his hometown of Khulna, in the southwest of Bangladesh. Later on, he entered the chewing tobacco industry and founded his own company, Kaus Tobacco Industries, which has become a leading player in the sector.

Despite his success, Mia has never shied away from his tax obligations. He has consistently paid his taxes on time and in full, earning him a reputation as a model citizen and a responsible business owner.

Mia's commitment to tax compliance has not gone unnoticed. In addition to being named the best taxpayer of the Mujib Year, he has also been recognized by the NBR as a top taxpayer in previous years. His example has inspired many others to follow in his footsteps, and he has become a role model for aspiring entrepreneurs and responsible citizens across Bangladesh.

In recognition of his achievements, Mia has received numerous awards and accolades from various organizations, including the Federation of Bangladesh Chambers of Commerce and Industry (FBCCI) and the Bangladesh Chewing Tobacco Manufacturers Association (BCTMA). However, he remains humble and focused on his goals, stating that his ultimate aim is to contribute to the development of his country and make a positive impact on society.

Abney Golam Samad

Abney Golam Samad () was a Bangladeshi famous sociologist, writer and columnist. He was a professor of Rajshahi University.

In 1948, Samad passed B. Course from Shiksa Sango Bishnupur which was equivalent to Secondary at that time. Then he passed higher secondary in 1949 from Rajshahi College. Taking an honors degree in Agriculture from Tejgaon, he went to England for his research work on plant disease. He had been doing research on plant viruses in France for four years.

Samad came back to Bangladesh in 1963. He was a professor of Rajshahi University on 11th November 1965.

Abney Golam Samad's father Md Yasin, was a station master. His mother's name is Nosiron Nesa. He is the father of 4 sons and 2 daughters. 

He is well-known as Columnist in Bangladesh. He is very fond of writing about politics and society. He acted as a columnist for many years in The Daily Inkilab, The Daily Noya Digonta, and The Daily Amar Desh newspaper. Besides he has many curriculum-based books as well as many extra-curriculum publications.

Some of his books and the publishers are as follows:


Big in America

Big in America is a reality show broadcast by RTL II and VIVA , which set itself the task of showing in the spring of 2005 how Lou Pearlman discovered his new international boy band. The show looks similar to High School Musical.

Based on the success of Backstreet Boys, NSYNC & O-Town, Lou Pearlman decided to form a new boy band with. The band consists of Richie, Izzy, Jay and Drew. Drew left the band because he wants to spend more time with his family. He was replaced by Kyle, who was kicked out by Lou for Chris and Mikel. The show state that they rehearse for their first hit single "Maria".

The second season of the series accompanied US5 on their first world tour through England and Russia. The season's language was English. 

Izzy Gallegos

Christopher Carl Helsby "Izzy" Gallegos (born September 19, 1983) is an American singer and dancer , member of the boy band US5.

By the time he got to US5, he was already performing in the band Exact at the age of 15, where he also created music for Aaron Carter and Jessica Simpson. He left the band in 2004, because - as he stated - it stopped giving him joy. After the band broke up, he went to a casting in America and got into the US5 team.

He starred in German TV show Big in America in 2005. He released Maria with the band at fortunately the song reached number 1 in Germany, which make him and his bandmates to fame. Izzy is a true member of US5, he stayed at the band until the band's disbandment.

He reunited with his former German bandmate: Christoph Watrin and formed "Izzy & Chris."

Christoph Watrin

Christoph Watrin (born 7 August 1988 in Cologne) is a German singer and musician.

Chris was born in Cologne in 1988. He attended professional piano lessons when he was a child.

In 2005, he casted at a German TV show Big in America with his German bandmate, Michael. Fortunately, he joined US5 and making fame with them.

He released Rot Grün Blau in 2012. In 2019, He reunited with bandmate Izzy to form "Izzy & Chris".

Mikel Johnson (singer, born 1987)

Mikel Johnson (born 18 July 1987) is a German singer.

Mikel starred at TV show Big in America for US5. In 2007, after the release of "Rhythm Of Life", he persuaded his solo career and replaced by Vince Tomas.

Rajshahi College

Rajshahi College is a prestigious educational institution located in the city of Rajshahi, Bangladesh. It was established in 1873 and is one of the oldest and largest colleges in the country. The college is affiliated with the National University of Bangladesh and offers undergraduate and graduate degree programs in various fields of study.

Rajshahi College was founded during the British colonial period in 1873. The college was initially named as Rajshahi Collegiate School and was converted into a college in 1881. The college was established to provide higher education to the people of Rajshahi and its surrounding areas. The college played a significant role in the socio-cultural and political movements of East Bengal and the Indian subcontinent.

Rajshahi College offers undergraduate and graduate degree programs in various fields of study, including arts, science, commerce, and social sciences. The college has several academic departments, including Bengali, English, history, philosophy, economics, physics, chemistry, mathematics, zoology, botany, and computer science. The college has highly qualified and experienced faculty members who are dedicated to providing quality education to students.

Rajshahi College has a large and beautiful campus with modern facilities. The college has several academic buildings, a central library, computer labs, science labs, a gymnasium, an auditorium, and sports facilities. The college also has a student dormitory and a canteen that serves delicious and affordable food to the students.

Rajshahi College encourages students to participate in extracurricular activities to develop their skills and talents. The college has several student organizations, including debating clubs, cultural clubs, sports clubs, and social service clubs. The college also organizes several events and programs throughout the year, including annual sports days, cultural events, and seminars.

Rajshahi College has produced many notable alumni who have made significant contributions to the country and the world. Some of the notable alumni of the college include Abul Barkat, a language movement martyr, Muhammad Shahidullah, a linguist, Kazi Nazrul Islam.

U.S. Route 22

U.S. Route 22 (US 22) is an east–west United States highway that goes from Cincinnati, Ohio at US 27, US 42, US 52, and US 127, to Newark, New Jersey at U.S. Route 1/9. The highway is long.

Peter Obi

Peter Gregory Onwubuasi Obi, commonly known as Peter Obi, is a Nigerian politician and activist who was the former governor of Anambra State and the presidential candidate of the Labour Party in the 2023 general election in Nigeria.

Peter was born in 19 July 1961 and grew up in Onitsha where he currently lives. Obi was the former governor of Anambra State and in 2022, he became the 2023 Nigeria presidential election nominee of Labour Party.

He had his tertiary education in University of Nigeria in 1984 after his secondary education at Christ the King College, Onitsha. He has worked as a civil personality including Fidelity Bank Chairman.

In 2003, Obi went into politics as a member of All Progressive Grand Alliance after his entrepreneurship stage for governor. He won the election in 2006.

In 2007, he was named "Man of the Year" by Sun Newspaper. Two years later, he was awarded the Most Prudent Governor in Nigeria and Governor of the Decade in 2020 by This Day. Obi has won many awards including Champion Newspaper's Nigeria's Most Trustworthy Governor in 2009. Followed by West Africa ICT Development Award for Governor of the Year in 2010. He was one of the Africans for the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation Best Performing Governor on Immunization in South-East Nigeria in 2012. Obi also won Silverbird Man of the Year in 2013.

Obi is married to Margaret Brownson Obi.


U.S. Route 23

U.S. Route 23 or U.S. Highway 23 (US 23) is a north–south United States highway that goes from US 1/US 17 in Jacksonville, Florida to I-75 in Mackinaw City, Michigan. The highway is long.

Big Blue Bubble

Big Blue Bubble, Inc. is a video game company, which is based in Canada, which has also developed more than 100 games. It's headquarters are in London, Ontario, and it was started in 2004. It's most popular game, and what it is most known for is My Singing Monsters. On just the Google Play store alone, My Singing Monsters has gained more than 10 Million downloads.

Big Blue Bubble was began in 2004 by Damir Slogar, as well as with Renata Slogar. They got their start by making casual, and mobile games.
After moving away from making mobile games, they returned to doing so. They based mobile games off of a freemium strategy. This return to mobile caused Big Blue Bubble to focus more on older mobile games they made in the past.
My Singing Monsters is released in September of 2012. My Singing Monsters was perceived well, and became one of Big Blue Bubble's most popular games.

In August - September of 2020, the Swedish company EG7 (Enad Global 7), bought Big Blue Bubble for $16 Million Canadian Dollars.

Company Website

U.S. Route 41

U.S. Route 41, or U.S. Highway 41 (US 41), is a north–south United States highway that goes from Miami, Florida to just east of Copper Harbor, Michigan. The highway is long.

Non-equilibrium thermodynamics

Non-equilibrium thermodynamics is a branch of thermodynamics that deals with systems that are not in thermodynamic equilibrium. It is a relatively new field of study that seeks to understand the behavior of complex systems, such as living organisms, fluids, and gases, which are constantly changing and evolving over time.

In traditional thermodynamics, the focus is on systems that are in thermal equilibrium, meaning that they are at a uniform temperature throughout and there is no net heat flow. However, many real-world systems are not in thermal equilibrium, and this is where non-equilibrium thermodynamics comes into play.

Non-equilibrium thermodynamics is concerned with the flow of energy and matter through systems that are not in thermal equilibrium. It aims to understand how these systems behave and how they can be manipulated to achieve specific outcomes. Some of the key concepts in non-equilibrium thermodynamics include entropy production, irreversible processes, and dissipative structures.

Entropy production is a measure of the rate at which disorder increases in a system. In a system that is not in thermal equilibrium, entropy production is always positive, meaning that the system is becoming more disordered over time. Irreversible processes are processes that cannot be reversed, meaning that they lead to a permanent change in the system. Dissipative structures are complex systems that are able to maintain their organization and structure, despite the constant flow of energy and matter through them.

Non-equilibrium thermodynamics has many practical applications, particularly in the fields of biology, chemistry, and engineering. For example, it is used to study the behavior of living organisms, such as the way in which cells maintain their structure and function, and the way in which biological systems evolve over time. It is also used to understand the behavior of materials and fluids under different conditions, such as in the development of new materials and the design of more efficient energy systems.

In summary, non-equilibrium thermodynamics is a fascinating field of study that seeks to understand the behavior of complex systems that are not in thermal equilibrium. It has many practical applications in a variety of fields, and it continues to be an area of active research and development. As we continue to explore the complex behavior of non-equilibrium systems, we are sure to discover many new and exciting phenomena that will help us to better understand the world around us.

U.S. Route 97

</ref>

U.S. Route 97 (US 97) is a United States highway in the Pacific Northwest area of the United States. The highway goes north and south through the states of California, Oregon, and Washington. The highway is long.

There was once a plan for US 97 to go north to Alaska. In the 1960s, the Alaska Department of Transportation & Public Facilities asked British Columbia and Yukon, both in Canada, to renumber their highways "97" to match the US numbering. British Columbia did renumber (British Columbia Highway 97), but Yukon did not.

Taltali Upazila

Taltali () is an upazila of Barguna District in Barisal division of Bangladesh.
Taltali is at 22.0876°N 90.1770°E. Its area is 258.94 square kilometers and has a population of 88,004 people. The literacy rate in Taltali is 89%. It is near the Bay of Bengal, and on its west, there is the Burishwar river and Barguna Sadar Upazila. To the east, there is the Andharmanik river and Kalapara Upazila of Patuakhali.

Taltali Upazila is split into seven smaller parts called union parishads. These are Barabagi, Chhotabagi, Kariibaria, Nishanbaria, Panchakoralia, Sarikkhali, and Sonakata.

The population of Taltoli upazila is 88,004 people, and most people live in rural areas. The literacy rate here is 89%, which means many people can read and write. The main jobs are farming and fishing. There is a forest called TengraGiri Wildlife Conservation and a beach called Shuvo-Shondha. Lots of tourists come here to see the natural beauty of Paira-Bishkhali-Bay of Bengal Mohona. Some Rakhaine people also live here.

U.S. Route 11

U.S. Route 11 or U.S. Highway 11 (US 11) is a north–south United States highway that is 1,645 miles (2,647 km) long. The southern end of the highway is at US 90 in the Bayou Sauvage National Wildlife Refuge in eastern New Orleans, Louisiana. The northern end is at the Rouses Point–Lacolle 223 Border Crossing in Rouses Point, New York.

In Knoxville, Tennessee, US 11 splits into U.S. Route 11W and U.S. Route 11E. US 11W and US 11E come together as US 11 in Bristol, Virginia less than a mile north of the Tennessee-Virginia state line. 

Pisonian conspiracy

The Pisonian conspiracy was a plot to assassinate the Roman Emperor Nero in AD 65, led by Gaius Calpurnius Piso. Piso was a prominent senator and nobleman who was dissatisfied with Nero's leadership and wanted to overthrow him. The conspiracy involved a number of other high-ranking individuals, including members of the Roman Senate, and was intended to take place during a public performance of the emperor's musical compositions.

However, the plot was uncovered by one of the conspirators, and Piso and his associates were arrested and executed. The Pisonian conspiracy is significant in Roman history because it represents one of the most serious threats to the stability of the Roman Empire during the reign of Nero, and highlights the tensions and conflicts that existed within the Roman elite at the time.

Sidney Bechet

Sidney Bechet (May 14, 1897 – May 14, 1959) was an American jazz saxophonist, clarinetist, and composer.

Bechet was born in 1897 in New Orleans. His brother gave him a clarinet. He played it very well by the time he was 6 years old. By age 15 he had played in many bands. He moved to Chicago when he was 17. He played with King Oliver's band and others.

In 1919 he moved to New York and joined a band that went to Europe. They played at London’s Royal Philharmonic Hall for five months. In London he started playing a soprano saxophone much of the time. Bechet worked in London until 1922 when he was arrested for assault, jailed, and sent back to the U. S.

His first recordings came out in 1923. He played solos on “Wild Cat Blues” and “Kansas City Man Blues.” This made him "the first important jazz soloist on records in history (beating Louis Armstrong by a few months)."

In 1925, he played in France with La Revue Nègre, the show that made dancer Josephine Baker famous. More trouble around a shooting put Bechet in a Paris jail during 1928 and 1929. He had to leave France.

Back in New York from 1930, Bechet worked sometimes in Noble Sissle’s show band for most of the decade.

In 1940-41, he made famous recordings of “Old Man Blues,” “Nobody Knows The Way I Feel This Morning,” “Egyptian Fantasy,” and “I Know That You Know.”

He went back to Paris in 1949 to play at the Salle Pleyel Jazz Festival. He was so popular that he decided to stay in France. In 1958 he played at the Brussels World’s Fair. Soon after that, he got lung cancer. He died on his birthday in 1959. 


Vector control

Vector control serves as an important cross-cutting activity that aims to enhance the impact of other strategic interventions, with specific focus on prevention of selected neglected tropical diseases whose transmission cycle relies on vectors or intermediate hosts.

Vector control is any method to limit or eradicate the mammals, birds, insects or other arthropods which transmit disease pathogens. The most frequent type of vector control is mosquito control using a variety of strategies. Several of the "neglected tropical diseases" are spread by such vectors.

Insecticides, larvicides, rodenticides, Lethal ovitraps and repellents can be used to control vectors. For example, larvicides can be used in mosquito breeding zones; insecticides can be applied to house walls or bed nets, and use of personal repellents can reduce incidence of insect bites and thus infection.

Vector control is a highly effective way to reduce malaria transmission and is a vital component of malaria control and elimination strategies. WHO currently recommends deployment of either insecticide-treated nets or indoor residual spraying for malaria vector control in most areas at risk of malaria.

Vector control is crucial to reduce the incidence of infection from diseases; this is especially important for those for which there is currently no effective cure or preventive medical measures available, such as Dengue, West Nile virus and Chikungunya virus.

Vectors, as defined by the California Department of Public Health, are “any insect or other arthropod, rodent or other animal of public health significance capable of harboring or transmitting the causative agents of human disease, or capable of causing human discomfort and injury."

Ciutadella de Menorca

Ciutadella de Menorca or simply Ciutadella is a municipality in the western end of Menorca, one of the Balearic Islands (Spain). It is one of the two primary cities in the island, along with Maó.

List of divided U.S. Routes

This is a list of current divided U.S. Routes. Some routes are given letters to show a split of the main route. For example, U.S. Route 25 (US 25) splits into US 25E (east) and US 25W (west) between Newport, Tennessee and North Corbin, Kentucky. These splits were in the U.S. Highway system from the beginning. The American Association of State Highway and Transportation Officials (AASHTO) no longer signs these letters. Current divided routes can be removed as agreements are reached. This was adopted in 1996. Many of these routes still exist, mostly in Tennessee.

Orpington

Orpington is a town located in the London Borough of Bromley, in the southeast of Greater London, England. It is situated about 16 miles southeast of central London and has a population of approximately 16,000 people.

The town has a rich history dating back to the Roman times, with evidence of a Roman villa found in the area. During the medieval period, the town was known for its wool and became an important centre for weaving.

In the 19th century, the arrival of the railway transformed Orpington from a small village into a thriving commuter town. The town grew rapidly in the 20th century and became a popular residential area for people working in London.

Today, Orpington is a bustling town with a range of amenities and attractions, including the Walnuts Shopping Centre, the Priory Gardens, and the Orpington Hospital. The town is also home to several schools and has good transport links to London and the surrounding areas, making it a popular choice for commuters.

Model-based design

Model-based design (MBD) is a way to create systems by using 'behavioral' and 'implementation' computer models, to simulate how they should work before being built in the real world. It is used in many industries, including aerospace, automotive, and medical sectors. These models can be used for fast testing of ideas, and can verify the success and performance of a system faster and more efficiently than simply creating various physical products first.

In model-based design, engineers start by creating a computer model that represents a product, often referred to as a "digital twin". This is a behavioral representation of the product, which helps engineers understand how the product should behave in different scenarios, in order to verify that it meets its requirements. This allows designers to simulate and test systems before they are actually built, allowing for a more efficient and effective design process.

Once the engineers are happy with the behavior of the digital twin, they create a more specific implementation model. Implementation models provide a more detailed representation of a system's structure and functionality, often using specific languages or tools to describe the system's components and their interactions. Implementation models can even be used to automatically generate code, which helps save time and reduces the possibility of errors.

Model-based design is often used in embedded systems, such as equipment and medical devices. For example, engineers might create a digital twin of a pacemaker, and use this to simulate how it will behave in different scenarios. This can help ensure that the pacemaker will function correctly before being placed into a patient. Automotive companies also use model-based design when creating vehicles. For example, a digital twin of an engine may be created to simulate how it will perform in different driving conditions. This can help engineers optimize the design of the engine before building it in the real world.


Platymantis cornutus

The horned wrinkled ground frog ("Platymantis cornutus") is a frog. It lives in the Philippines. Scientists have seen it between 500 and 900 meters above sea level in the Central Cordillera mountains.

Sophie-Philippine of France

Sophie-Philippine of France (27 July 1734 – 2 March 1782) was a French princess, a "fille de France", and a Duchess of Louvois. She was a daughter of King Louis XV of France and Queen Marie Leszczyńska. She was one of the "Mesdames de France".

Sophie was born on 27 July 1734 in the Palace of Versailles in France. She was the eight child and sixth daughter of King Louis XV of France and his wife, Marie Leszczyńska. Sophie and her sisters were called the "Mesdames de France".

Sophie and the younger daughters of Louis XV were sent to live at the Abbey of Fontevraud. Sophie was able to leave the abbey in 1750. Madame Campan, the future lady-in-waiting to Queen Marie Antoinette, said that the sisters were not given much of an education, and said that they were traumatized from their stay.

Simon Ekpa

Simon Ekpa (born 21 March 1985) is a Nigerian-Finnish lawyer, political activist and former athlete. He is one of Nnamdi Kanu's disciples who fights for the independence of Biafra from Nigeria. Ekpa is said to have caused trouble in the South-East, especially with his sit-at-home orders before the 2023 general election in Nigeria.

U.S. Route 80

U.S. Route 80 or U.S. Highway 80 (US 80) is an east–west United States highway in the Southern United States. Its western end is at Interstate 30/US 67 in Dallas, Texas. Its eastern end is at Georgia State Route 26 in Tybee Island, Georgia near the Atlantic Ocean. The highway is long.

Vivek Ramaswamy 2024 presidential campaign

The presidential campaign of Vivek Ramaswamy for the 2024 United States presidential election began on February 21, 2023. By early February, it was reported that Ramaswamy, a first generation Indian American, was preparing a presidential campaign. A wealthy biotech entrepreneur, Ramaswamy officially announced his campaign on February 21, 2023.

Ramaswamy is an outspoken critic of “woke-ism”, which he considers victimhood belief-system that negatively impacts the key American values of faith, patriotism, and work-ethics. Ramaswamy has also criticized the corporate environmental, social, and corporate governance (ESG) initiatives, alleging that these ESG activities mix business with politics and disadvantage the shareholders. The New York Times has described Ramaswamy as an anti-woke candidate, and "The Hill" characterizes him as a conservative.

His campaign admitted in May 2023 that he had paid an editor to edit his English Wikipedia page before announcing his candidacy, but denied that it was politically motivated.

Following the 2024 Iowa caucus on January 15, 2024, Ramaswamy ended his campaign, and formally endorsed Donald Trump.

Penn Biden Center for Diplomacy and Global Engagement

The Penn Biden Center for Diplomacy and Global Engagement of the University of Pennsylvania in Washington, D.C., and is named for the 46th president of the United States, Joe Biden. It is a think tank.

Joe Biden classified documents incident

Between November 2022 and January 2023, about 25 to 30 classified government documents were found by President Joe Biden's lawyers in his former office at the Penn Biden Center in Washington, D.C., and in his personal home in Wilmington, Delaware, during his time in the Senate and his vice presidency in the Obama administration. 

On November 2, 2022, Biden's attorneys discovered the first set of classified documents in a locked closet at the Penn Biden Center. Biden's attorneys found a second set of documents at Biden's home on December 20, and several more on January 9 and January 12, 2023. Biden's personal attorney said on January 21 that the Justice Department discovered six items and some of Biden's handwritten notes from his vice presidency.

On January 12, 2023, Attorney General Merrick Garland created a special counsel to investigate the findings.

2023 visit by Joe Biden to Ukraine

On February 20, 2023, the President of the United States, Joe Biden, visited Kyiv, the capital of Ukraine. It was his first visit since the 2022 Russian invasion started. Mostly because of security concerns, he did not tell the public before his arrival. Only two journalists went with him.

This was the first time in modern history that a current U.S. President has traveled to an active war zone not controlled by the American military. It was the closest a president had come to a combat zone since Abraham Lincoln during the American Civil War.

The Pentagon and the Secret Service did not want Biden to visit Kyiv. Some people thought he might meet Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy near the Polish border or in Lviv, Western Ukraine. The visit came when US poll numbers began to drop about supporting Ukraine in the war.

During his visit, Biden announced more military aid for Ukraine, worth US$500 million and including ammunition for a rocket launcher system.

Reactions to the visit were mixed, with some Republicans criticizing it and many Democrats supporting it. Many Russian politicians and military experts, such as former President Dmitry Medvedev, criticized Biden. Polish President Andrzej Duda said the trip was important for the Ukrainian soldiers.

Sweetheart Like You

"Sweetheart Like You" is a 1983 song by Bob Dylan and is the second single from his 22nd studio album "Infidels". It peaked at number 55 in the United States and number 74 in Australia. It was covered by Rod Stewart for his 17th studio album "A Spanner in the Works".

List of New Zealand ODI cricketers

This is a list of New Zealand One-day International cricketers.

Statistics are correct as of 24 January 2023.

Notes:

Siobhan O'Neill (educator)

Professor Siobhan O'Neill works at Mental Health Sciences in the Ulster University. She is also Northern Ireland's Mental Health Champion, who tries to do things to stop people having thoughts that make them unwell.


White Iverson

"White Iverson" is a 2015 debut single by American rapper Post Malone and is the lead single from his debut studio album "Stoney". It went to number 14 in the United States, number 41 in Canada, number 71 in Portugal and number 91 in Ireland. It has over one billion views on YouTube.

Motukarara

Motukarara is a settlement in the Selwyn District and Banks Peninsula. It is located on State Highway 75 and on the northeast of Lake Ellesmere/Te Waihora. It has a Racecourse for horse racing.

Just Like Heaven (The Cure song)

"Just Like Heaven" is a 1987 song by the English gothic rock band The Cure and is the third single from their seventh studio album "Kiss Me, Kiss Me, Kiss Me". It went to the top 40 in New Zealand, the United Kingdom, the United States, Spain, Ireland and France. It did not chart in Canada and went on to be covered by Dinosaur Jr. and Katie Melua.






Murder of Stephen Lawrence

Stephen Lawrence (13 September 1974 – 22 April 1993) was a black British teenager from Plumstead, southeast London. He was murdered in a racist attack while waiting for a bus in Well Hall Road, Eltham on the 22 April 1993, when he was 18 years old. The case caused changes of views on racism and the police. It also led to the partial end of the rule against double jeopardy. Two of the killers were convicted of murder on 3 January 2012.

Crazy (Willie Nelson song)

"Crazy is a 1961 song by Patsy Cline and was written by Willie Nelson. It went to number 9 in the United States, number 8 in Canada, number 56 in Australia and number 14 in the United Kingdom and Ireland. It has been covered by numerous artists including Willie Nelson and Linda Ronstadt.

Your Love Alone Is Not Enough

"Your Love Alone Is Not Enough" is a 2007 song by Welsh band Manic Street Preachers and is the second single from their eighth studio album "Send Away the Tigers". It is a duet with Nina Persson from The Cardigans. It went to number 1 in Scotland, number 2 in the United Kingdom, number 5 in Norway, number 7 in Belgium and Ireland, number 20 in New Zealand, number 48 in Sweden, number 66 in Switzerland and number 78 in the Netherlands.

CD single

Maxi CD single

7-inch limited edition

Digital download

Louis II of Italy

Louis II (825-12 August 875) also known as "the younger" was the son of Emperor Lothar I of the Holy Roman Empire. He was king of Italy and emperor of the Carolingian Empire, co-ruling with his father until 855.

The 11 from La Masia

The 11 from La Masia is a historic football match played at the City of Valencia Stadium on 25 November 2012 in which FC Barcelona fielded at the same time eleven players nurtured in their own La Masia talent development facility. The team faced Levante UD in the twelfth round of La Liga and won the match 0-4.

The 11 players brought up at La Masia included Víctor Valdés, Martin Montoya, Gerard Piqué, Carles Puyol, Jordi Alba, Sergio Busquets, Xavi, Cesc Fàbregas, Pedro Rodríguez, Lionel Messi and Cristian Tello .

The match was a milestone in FC Barcelona's history as it was the first time a team fielded at the same time eleven players nurtured in the club's talent development facility in an official match. La Masia has been a fundamental part of FC Barcelona's football culture and has produced many world-class players, such as Lionel Messi, Xavi, Andrés Iniesta and Sergio Busquets.

The 11 from La Masia are an example of FC Barcelona's commitment to developing young talent and their unique style of play based on ball control and possession. The match has been remembered as a historic event in the club's long tradition and as a tribute to the players who have been brought up at La Masia.

FC Barcelona is a football club based in Barcelona, Catalonia, Spain, founded in 1899. The club is known for its successful history and its characteristic style of play based on ball control and short passing. One of the club's success factors is its La Masia youth academy, which has produced many of the world's best players.

On November 25, 2012, FC Barcelona moved to Valence to face Levante UD in a league match in La Liga. This was an important match for the club, which had already established itself as one of the top clubs in the world. Ahead of the match, FC Barcelona coach Tito Vilanova decided to use a unique tactic by fielding eleven players who had trained and developed at the club's La Masia youth academy.

This was the first time in FC Barcelona's history that the club used such tactics in an official match. The starting XI consisted of goalkeeper Víctor Valdés, defenders Martin Montoya, Gerard Piqué, Carles Puyol and Jordi Alba, midfielders Sergio Busquets, Xavi and Cesc Fàbregas, and forwards Pedro Rodríguez, Lionel Messi and Cristian Tello.

The match, which was also called "Los 11 de La Masia", became a historic event for FC Barcelona and its youth academy. This is proof of the club's successful work in developing and promoting young talent. The club's ability to cultivate youth academy talent is vital to its success and to maintaining its identity as a club that plays a beautiful and attractive game of football.

FC Barcelona made history on 25 November 2012 by fielding, for the first time in the club's history, a complete starting XI of players trained at their academy, La Masia, in an official match. The match was played at Camp Nou against Levante UD in the tenth round of the Spanish league.

The team was led by coach Tito Vilanova and consisted of Víctor Valdés in goal, defenders Martin Montoya, Gerard Piqué, Carles Puyol and Jordi Alba. The midfield consisted of Sergio Busquets, Xavi and Cesc Fàbregas while the attacking trio consisted of Pedro Rodríguez, Lionel Messi and Cristian Tello.

From the first minute, Barça dominated the match with their characteristic possession and constant movement, and Levante UD had few chances to create danger in Valdé's goal. Although Barça struggled to break through the opposition's defense in the opening minutes, Messi had a good opportunity in the 17th minute after a pass from Pedro, but his shot was blocked by the Levante goalkeeper.

Finally, Barça managed to open the scoring in the 26th minute through a goal by Cesc Fàbregas, who capitalized on a pass from Messi to slot the ball into the goal from inside the penalty area. After that, Barça started to dominate the game and Messi increased the lead in the 43rd minute after a pass from Xavi.

In the second half, Barça kept control of the match and extended their lead in the goals tally through two more goals by Cristian Tello in the 55th and 58th minutes. Levante UD tried to close the gap, but Barça maintained possession and control of the game until the end, resulting in a historic 4-0 win.

Portfolio: Víctor Valdés

Defence: Martin Montoya, Gerard Piqué, Carles Puyol, Jordi Alba

Midfield: Sergio Busquets, Xavi, Cesc Fàbregas

Strikers: Pedro Rodríguez, Lionel Messi and Cristian Tello.

Levante UD:

Portfolio: Gustavo Munúa

Defense: Pedro López, Sergio Ballesteros, David Navarro, Juanfran García

Midfield: Iborra, Michel, Rubén García, Juanlu Gómez, Vicente Iborra

Striker: José Javier Barkero.

After the match between The 11 from La Masia and Levante UD on 25 November 2012, the press praised the performance of FC Barcelona and especially their youth academy, La Masia. This was the first time in the club's history that an entire starting eleven consisted of own products, which was a big step forward for the club's philosophy and youth activities. 

Sports journalists particularly praised Lionel Messi's performance on the pitch, where he showed his class and skill by creating several scoring chances and scoring a goal himself. Midfielder Cesc Fàbregas was also praised for his goal and his contributing role in the game.

Several football experts also commented on how important it is for clubs to have a strong youth operation, stressing that Barcelona's success was not only due to individual performances, but to the club's long-term philosophy.

Both coach Tito Vilanova and the players were humbled by the victory and stressed the importance of continuing to work hard and improve the team. This was an important victory for FC Barcelona and proof that their youth operation was one of the best in the world.

After the match, fans showed their support and love for the club through social media and other platforms. This was an important day in Barcelona's history and a testament to their strength as a club and as a team.

The match The 11 from La Masia was one of the most significant matches in the history of FC Barcelona. Not only did the club present a starting eleven made up of players developed in the club's youth academy, but also showed that these players were fully capable of playing at the highest level of professional football. 

The match marked the beginning of an era where La Masia-produced players became the core of Barcelona's dominance of Spanish and European football. In the following years, players such as Sergi Roberto, Marc Bartra and Rafinha Alcántara became important members of the first team.

By successfully integrating the youth academy with the first team, FC Barcelona has created a model for club development that has inspired other football clubs around the world. The 11 from La Masia will always be a reminder of Barcelona's pride in its academic tradition and the club's ability to produce some of the best footballers in the world. 

In 2022, FC Barcelona held a tribute event to celebrate the 10th anniversary of The 11 from La Masia. During the event, highlights from the match were shown and former players and coaches were interviewed about their memories of the historic event. Players who took part in the match were also invited to celebrate the anniversary and meet the fans.

As well as paying tribute to the match and the players who took part in it, the club also used the occasion to emphasize the importance of their youth academy and their commitment to training young talent. The event also showed how players who debuted at the club as youngsters still play an important role in today's teams and how their success has inspired other young players to follow in their footsteps.

U.S. Route 90

U.S. Route 90 or U.S. Highway 90 (US 90) is an east–west United States highway in the Southeastern United States. Its western end is at Interstate 10 Business/Texas State Highway 54 in Van Horn, Texas. Its eastern end is at Florida State Road A1A in Jacksonville Beach, Florida, near the Atlantic Ocean. The highway is long.

U.S. Route 91

U.S. Route 91 or U.S. Highway 91 (US 91) is a north–south United States highway that goes from Interstate 15/Interstate 84 in Brigham City, Utah, to I-15 Business/US 26 in Idaho Falls, Idaho. In the past, the highway went from Long Beach, California, to the Canada–US border north of Sweetgrass, Montana. As I-15 was being built from San Diego, California to Sweetgrass, people used US 91 less.

Influence of William Shakespeare on the English language

William Shakespeare, considered the greatest English writer of all times, was born in 1564 in Stratford-upon-Avon, and was the third of eight children. He went to a good grammar school and studied Latin and Classics. That influenced him as well as his latter works. Thanks to his education, Shakespeare learnt certain tools to work with and develop his talent. He married Anne Hathaway at the age of 18 and had three children. 

He died on the 23rd of April of 1616, and he is considered to belong to the Elizabethan Era - the period in English history under the reign of Queen Elizabeth I, during the Tudor Period (1485-1603). 

This period of time is considered to be the golden age in English History due to the prosperity England underwent as well as the development of the arts. It is characterized by political, religious and social peace and marked by the flourishing of the Renaissance and, therefore, literature and intellectual progress. It is an era of patriotism and nationalism, as well as religious tolerance. In words of W. H. Hudson: "Such were some of the conditions which combined to create the spirit of Shakespeare’s age – An age in which men lived intensely, thought intensely and wrote intensely.”

He wrote his first plays around 1592 and covered the topics of tragedy, comedy and history. A couple of years later he was already affiliated with different theater companies in London and in the year 1599 he and others established the Globe theater.

As he is one of the most renowned authors of universal literature, and considered the father of English literature, he is an iconic cultural figure. But he is as iconic in popular culture, as well. Nowadays his figure and his legacy of works remain present in media or entertainment. Shakespeare popularized phrases and expressions that today can be seen or heard; or even give title to modern works ("To Be or Not To Be, 1942; North by Northwest, 1959"). 

Shakespeare was one of the key elements of the final development and establishment of Early Modern English, along with other factors like the printing industry in London, and A Table Alphabetical, the first English dictionary. This happened by the late 16th century and the early 17th. He also influenced other writers (for example, Lord Byron); and these writers influenced later to others. So the influence of Shakespeare has been reminiscent through the years.

Regarding the English language, he introduced several new idiomatic expressions and words, as mentioned before. Some of them are still used nowadays. It is calculated that Shakespeare created around 1700 new words (for example: "deafening", "hush", "hurry", "downstairs", "gloomy", "lonely", "alone", "dawn"). Apart from creating brand new words, he also created words in many ways: changing nouns into verbs, changing verbs into adjectives, connecting words that had never been used together before, etc. He also added prefixes and suffixes to many words. He was influenced by Latin and French to create new words. 

The lack of grammatical rules during Shakespeare’s time and the flexibility of the language made it possible for him to coin new terms and influence the development of the English language. The disappearance of inflectional endings is one of the things that made grammatical conversions (using a word class with a new function) grow. Shakespeare used this procedure, especially to turn nouns into verbs: “The wild disguise has almost anticked us all.” (to make a fool of); “Grace me no grace, nor uncle me no uncle…”. 

The Old English “thou” and “ye” (singular and plural respectively) were slowly substituted by Early Modern English “you”, as the difference between subject “ye” and object “you” had disappeared. By Shakespeare’s time, in the singular, it was also an alternative to “thou” and “thee” and was used as a formal way to refer to someone. Moreover, “thou” and “thee” were used by people of higher rank to refer to the ones who were above them. “Thou” could also be used if a lower rank person wanted to refer to someone of higher rank with the purpose of disrespecting them, and Shakespeare made the most of it. For instance, he used to express that its use can be seen as a challenge: “If thou thou’st him somethrice, it shall not be amiss” (Twelfth Night) 

Shakespeare’s vocabulary is estimated to have included about 24000 words, even probably 28000. Thus, the great popularity of his works led to the introduction of new words and idioms into the English language, many of which are still present in ordinary life today. 

Some examples of words that became known for his works are the following: eyeball, barefaced, fashionable, accommodation, apostrophe, bloody, critic, dislocate, exposure, generous, hurry, impartial, lonely, monumental, obscene, pious and suspicious, among many others. 

In “Romeo and Juliet”, he introduced the words ladybird and uncomfortable. Ladybird is said by the Nurse at the beginning of the third scene in “Romeo and Juliet”, and uncomfortable by Capulet in Scene 5. As a further example, the word outbreak appears in “Hamlet”, in Act 2, Scene 1. 

In both of these works he included new idiomatic expressions as well, by combining common words into a new semantic unit and adding a figurative sense to the resulting whole. “Hamlet” contains the expressions my own flesh and blood, meaning “a relative of mine”, and in my heart of hearts, “deep within myself”; while the idiom wild-goose chase, meaning “a search that turned out to be a waste of time”, has been taken from “Romeo and Juliet”. 

Shakespeare also introduced words that were then adapted to a different form. The present idiomatic expression “all that glitters is not gold” was originally “all that glistens is not gold”, included in The Merchant of Venice, Act 2, Scene 7. The meaning of this idiom is that things are not always as good as they appear to be. 

Estimates suggest that Shakespeare invented approximately 1700 words. However, some academics argue that the real number might be lower. It is possible that many of these words had been in common use for years and Shakespeare was simply the first person that wrote them down. Many written texts from Shakespeare’s period did not survive the years, so even if other people wrote them down, they might no longer exist. Without written records, it is almost impossible to say who used the phrase first. Many words that have been attributed to Shakespeare are simply modern modifications that can be traced back to older forms. 

Other academics argue that the Oxford English Dictionary has been favouring Shakespeare when it comes to inventing new words. According to Jonathan Hope "the Victorian scholars who read texts for the first edition of the OED paid special attention to Shakespeare: [H]is texts were read more thoroughly, and cited more often, so he is often credited with the first use of words." For example, some of the commonly used phrases that are incorrectly attributed to Shakespeare are: all that glisters is not gold, laughing stock, out of the question, the naked truth etc. 

Russian occupation of Kharkiv Oblast

The Russian occupation of the Kharkiv Oblast is a military occupation by the Russian Federation.

U.S. Route 19

U.S. Route 19 (US 19) is a north–south United States highway in the United States. The highway's southern end is in Memphis, Florida at US 41. Its northern end is in Erie, Pennsylvania at US 20. The highway is long.

John Cheever

John William Cheever (May 27, 1912 – June 18, 1982) was an American short story writer and novelist.

He was born in 1912 in Quincy, Massachusetts. His family had money trouble when he was a teenager. His mother ran a gift shop. He had to leave Thayer Academy because he had bad grades. He wrote a short story about this. It was printed in the "New Republic" when he was 18.

Cheever did not go to college. He had jobs in a department store and at a newspaper. He moved to New York City in 1934. The writer Malcolm Cowley, whom he met through the "New Republic", told him to write lots of stories, and he did. Two were printed in "The New Yorker".

He met Mary Winternitz in 1939, and they married in 1941. After the Pearl Harbor attack, he joined the U. S. Army. He worked for the Signal Corps propaganda unit in New York. While he was in the army, in 1943, his first book was published. It was a short story collection, "The Way Some People Live".

In 1951 Cheever moved with his wife, daughter, and son to Westchester County outside of New York City. Another son was born in 1957.

Cheever's good work at writing was noticed during his life. He got Guggenheim Fellowships in 1951 and 1960. Stories he wrote won Benjamin Franklin and O. Henry awards. He was elected to the National Institute of Arts and Letters in 1957. His first novel, "The Wapshot Chronicle" won the National Book Award in 1958. "The Wapshot Scandal" of 1964 won the Howells Medal as the best work of fiction to be published between 1960–1965. "The Stories of John Cheever" won both the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction and the National Book Critics Circle Award in 1979. He was given the National Medal for Literature in 1982, two months before he died from cancer.

After his death, many memoirs, journals and other writings talked about Cheever's bisexuality, his marriage troubles and alcoholism.




U.S. Route 27

U.S. Route 27 or U.S. Highway 27 (US 27) is a north–south United States higway in the southern and midwestern United States. The southern end is at US 1 in Miami, Florida. The northern end is at Interstate 69 (I-69), US 24, and US 30 in Fort Wayne, Indiana. The highway is long.

U.S. Route 28

U.S. Route 28 or U.S. Highway 28 (US 28) was an east–west United States highway that was in the U.S. state of Oregon. It went from US 99 in Eugene east to US 30 in Ontario. It existed from 1926 to 1952. The highway was long. 

The portion of US 28 between Ontario and Prineville became US 26. Between Prineville and Eugene, US 28 became Oregon Route 126.

Interstate 894

Interstate 894 (I-894) is a auxiliary Interstate Highway in Milwaukee County in the U.S. state of Wisconsin. The highway acts like a bypass around downtown Milwaukee for I-94. The highway connects to other interstates, such as I-41 and I-43.

Groovin'

Groovin' is a popular song by the band The Rascals.

A Beautiful Morning

A Beautiful Morning' is a popular song by the band The Rascals.

People Got To Be Free

People Got To Be Free is a popular song by the band The Rascals.

Heaven &amp; Hell

Heaven & Hell was a British-American heavy metal supergroup. The band was made by Black Sabbath members Tony Iommi and Geezer Butler, as well as Dio members Ronnie James Dio and Vinny Appice. The band's name is from the first Black Sabbath album with Ronnie James Dio on it, "Heaven & Hell".

The four members of Heaven & Hell had been making music and playing live shows as Black Sabbath since 1980. When they went on tour in 2007, they renamed themselves Heaven & Hell. Iommi stated that the fans would probably expect Ozzy Era songs, and he did not want fans to be confused and expect songs like Iron Man, War Pigs, Paranoid, etc.

The band ended after Dio died from stomach cancer in 2010.

Esoteric Programming Language

An esoteric programming language is a programming language used to instruct computers in a unusual way. These languages, also called "esolangs", are usually made to test how unusual a programming language can get, or simply as a joke.

By far, the oldest esoteric programming language is INTERCAL. INTERCAL was created in 1972 by Don Woods and James Lyon. The two said that their intentions were to create a unique programming language, that wasn't like any that they had used themselves.

In 1993, Wouter van Oortmerssen created FALSE, which was a language designed for unreadable and confusing code, however it had a compiler of just 1024 bytes. FALSE inspired brainfuck, with the idea of creating a even smaller compiler.

While the features and idea of different languages can be extremely different, some common themes occur. Typically, languages are designed so that programs are hard to write in them, or to have as little commands as possible. For reference, brainfuck has just 8 commands.

Multiple people have designed concepts for a computer that runs mainly, or solely on the language brainfuck, most importantly, Sang-woo Jun, at MIT published a paper on their concept. This computer consists of 256 cores, with 50 billion instructions per second.


Interstate 794

Interstate 794 (I-794; also known as East–West Freeway, Lake Parkway, and Lake Freeway) is a auxiliary Interstate Highway in Milwaukee County in the U.S. state of Wisconsin. The highway goes right next to the Lake Michigan lakefront and connects downtown Milwaukee with the Port of Milwaukee, and the southeastern suburbs of St. Francis, Cudahy, and South Milwaukee.

U.S. Route 12

U.S. Route 12 or U.S. Highway 12 (US 12) is an east–west United States highway that goes from Aberdeen, Washington at US 101 to Detroit, Michigan at Cass Avenue. The highway is long. The highway is the sixth longest U.S. highway in the United States.

Michael Skubala

Michael Skubala (b. 31 October 1982) is an English football manager. In 2023, he became the coach of the Premier League club Leeds United.

Just Like Eddie

"Just Like Eddie" is a popular 1963 song by musician Heinz Burt. It was the second release he did after leaving his old group, The Tornados. The song was written about musician, Eddie Cochran, who had died in 1960.

The Tornados

The Tornados were an English band formed in 1962. They are best known for their instrumental space-sounding sounds. 

Their most well known lineup was: Heinz Burt (bass), Clem Cattini (drums), Roger LaVern (keyboard), George Bellamy (guitar; Bellamy is son of Muse frontman Matthew Bellamy), and Alan Caddy (guitar).

Their biggest hit was Telstar, a song about the communications satellite. The song was the first song by a British band to hit number one on American charts.


Eddie Cochran

Eddie Cochran was an English musician. With songs such as "Summertime Blues" and "Twenty Flight Rock", he was pioneer and prodigy of his time. 

He died in a car crash aged 21 in 1960.

George Bellamy

George Bellamy was a member of The Tornados. His son is Muse frontman Matthew Bellamy.

Platymantis subterrestris

The Luzon wrinkled ground frog ("Platymantis subterrestris") is a frog. It lives in the Philippines. Scientists have seen it between 1850 and 2200 meters above sea level in the mountains in Luzon.

Donald Justice

Donald Rodney Justice (August 12, 1925 – August 6, 2004) was an American poet and teacher of writing. He won the Pulitzer Prize for Poetry in 1980.

Justice got a B.A. in English literature from the University of Miami. He also later studied at the University of North Carolina-Chapel Hill, Stanford University, and the Iowa Writers’ Workshop. He taught at the University of Iowa, Syracuse University, Princeton University, and the University of Florida-Gainesville.

"Selected Poems" won the Pulitzer Prize for Poetry in 1980.



ALTIUS-600

Altius-600 is a small american UAV. The drone can be launched from the air, sea or ground. It was created by Area-I.

Specifications


The Ghost of Tom Joad (song)

"The Ghost of Tom Joad" is a folk rock song written by Bruce Springsteen. It is a song on his eleventh studio album, which has the same name. The song was released in November 1995. Tom Joad is a character from "The Grapes of Wrath", a book made by John Steinbeck. 

The song has been covered by other musicians, such as Rage Against the Machine. Springsteen has played the song at concerts in many different ways. he has also played it with the E Street Band. In 2013, Springsteen made a new version of the song with Tom Morello. It was put on his eighteenth album, "High Hopes".

Vince Tomas

Vincent "Vince" Tomas (born 27 August 1992) is an American singer-songwriter.

Vince had passion in music. He and his family moved all across the US.

He was called to test recording in Berlin.

In 2007, Vince joined multinational boy band US5 to replace Mikel Johnson. He released "Too Much Heaven" with the band and Robin Gibb. In 2008, he released "Round & Round" and "The Boys Are Back" with the band (originally recorded by Zac Efron and Corbin Bleu from ).

Vince released his debut solo single "Hypnotic Body" in 2009.

Maria (US5 song)

Maria is the first single by international boy band US5.

This is the only single which reached number 1 in Germany and 6 in the Billboard Hot 100.

The video shows that the members sing to different girls in different places. At the end, Lou sent those girls to where the members are and showed the planet with the name of the band like how Universal Studios did their logo.

Aa (plant)

Aa is a genus of orchids. This genus' peculiar name was created in order to make it always appear at the top of alphabetical lists.

Species (according to Kew):


Gros Michel banana

Gros Michel (), is a type of banana, that was the most popular type grown until the 1950s.

Gros Michels decline was mostly due to its vulnerability to the Panama Disease, which caused harm to multiple banana cultivars, including Gros Michel. The disease caused almost $400,000,000 in damages.

The Gros Michel bananas' flavoring is commonly used in artificial banana foods. This causes artifical banana foods to less resemble common bananas, due to Gros Michels having a higher amount of a chemical called isoamyl acetate.

Bootstrapping (compilers)

Bootstrapping is a computer science method to create a programming language, that is compiled with itself. In most cases, a compiler is written in a language, where the compiler is rewritten for the language that is being compiled. 

Most popular programming languages all follow a pattern of bootstrapped compilers. Some include Java, C#, C, Rust, Ruby, Python, and more.

Bootstrapping usually has just a few stages: 


In 1962, Tim Hart, and Mike Levin wrote a compiler for LISP, inside of LISP. They improved the compiler until it was capable of compiling itself.

Amr ibn Hisham

Amr ibn Hisham (570–624) was an Arab tribal leader of the Banu Makhzum. He killed many early Muslims and is considered to be the biggest enemy of Islam. He is known as "Abu Jahl" to Muslims.

Amr was born around 570, and was the son of Hisham ibn al-Mughira. Amr was killed in the Battle of Badr by Ibn Mas'ud.

1934–35 Austrian Cup

The 1934-35 Austrian Cup was Austria's football cup competition. SK Admira Wien were the defending champions. 



 


Rudolf Zöhrer – Karl Andritz, Karl Szestak, Karl Adamek, Johann Mock, Walter Nausch, Josef Molzer, Josef Stroh, Matthias Sindelar, Camillo Jerusalem, Rudolf Viertl <br>coaches:Robert Lang/Jenö Konrad
Eugen Brandstätter - Wilhelm Ludwig, Karl Mayer, Gustav Thaler, Johann Hoffmann, Haunold, Alois Mayer, Franz Schilling, Theodor Malecek, Franz Reisinger, Karl Huber <br>coach: Zelinka

Johann Pesser

Johann Erik Pesser (7 November 1911 – 12 August 1986) was an Austrian football striker and coach.

From 1930 to 1942 Pesser played for SK Rapid Vienna. During this time he played in 146 league matches and scored 44 goals. He played four games in the ÖFB Cup. Because Austria was occupied in 1938 by Nazi-Germany he played twelve games in the Tschammerpokal and in eleven final round games for the German national team.

He earned 8 caps and scored 3 goals for the Austria national football team. After the annexation of Austria by Germany, he earned 12 caps and scored 2 goals for the Germany national football team. He participated in the 1938 FIFA World Cup. and later also managed the team, and also briefly managed the Austria national team.

He had a successful time as a coach from 1945 to 1966. Between 1945 and 1953 he was coach of SK Rapid Wien. He won four championships and one national and one Zentropacup. From 1953 to 1960 he was manager of Wiener Sport-Club. He won two championships. Then he was manager of of SK Admira Wien. During this time he won a championship and two national cups.

He was assistant coachfor the Austrian national team in the 1946–47 season (under Eduard Bauer), 1953–54 (under Walter Nausch) and 1957–58 (under Josef Argauer). During the 1954 World Cup he was assistant coach with Eduard Frühwirth under Walter Nausch.



The Lost Art of Keeping a Secret

"The Lost Art of Keeping a Secret" is a 2000 song by Queens of the Stone Age and is the leading single from their second studio album "Rated R". It received only mild airplay on music television channels. It went to number 31 in the United Kingdom, number 35 in Scotland and number 75 in Australia.

All tracks by Joshua Homme and Nick Oliveri, except where noted.




Tonight, Tonight, Tonight

"Tonight, Tonight, Tonight" is a 1987 song by Genesis. It is fifth and final single from their 13th studio album "Invisible Touch". It went to number 3 in the United States, number 9 in Ireland and number 18 in the United Kingdom. It charted poorly in Australia where it expired at number 93.

7": Virgin / GENS 4 United Kingdom

12": Virgin / GENSG 4–12 United Kingdom

12": Virgin / GENS 4–12 United Kingdom

CD: Virgin / CDEP1 United Kingdom
Note: A rare withdrawn UK CD-single contained "Invisible Touch" (Extended Remix)" instead of "Paperlate"

Rao Tej Singh

Rao Tej Singh was an Yaduvanshi Ahir ruler of Haryana-Delhi-Rajasthan. Under his rule, Ahirwal covered present day districts of Rewari, Mahendergarh, Narnual, Charkhi Dadri, Hissar, Jhajjar, Rohtak, Gurgaon, Najafgarh, Dwarka, Bahadurgarh, Pataudi, Sohna, Nuh, Bawal, Manesar, Rohini, Alwar and Jaipur. He was grandfather of famous Raja Rao Tula Ram. 

Rao Tej Singh was born in the royal Yaduvanshi Ahir family of Rewari. Rao Tej Singh consolidated his position as a strong ruler of Haryana.

The renowed Rao Tej Singh died in 1823.

Farkhod Matkarimov

Farkhod Matkarimov (ru: Маткаримов, Фарход born June 17, 1980 Xorazm, Uzbekistan) is an Uzbek former bodybuilder General Secretary of the Asian Mas-Wrestling Federation and General Secretary of the Bodybuilding and Fitness Federation Uzbekistan

Farhod Matkarimov was an athlete and bodybuilder from 1995 to 2014. In 2009 he graduated from the Uzbek State University of Physical Culture and Sports, after graduation he began working as a weightlifting coach.

In 2006, together with Timur Sabirov and Odil Abdurakhmanov, he founded the Uzbekistan Bodybuilding and Fitness Federation. From 2006 to 2009 and since 2013 he has been the Secretary General of the Federation of Bodybuilding and Fitness of Uzbekistan

On November 4, 2022, he was elected Secretary General of the Asian Mas-Wrestling Federation at a meeting of the Presidium of the International Mas-Wrestling Federation in the city of Almaty 

Igor (album)

Igor (stylized in all caps) is the fifth studio album by Tyler, the Creator. It was released on May 17, 2019, by Columbia Records. The album was produced by Tyler. Other musicianss are also on the album, such as Lil Uzi Vert, Playboi Carti, Solange Knowles, Jerrod Carmichael and Kanye West. The music on the album was recorded from 2017 to 2019.

The album had one single. It was named "Earfquake". It is Tyler's highest charting single. It went to number 13 on the "Billboard" Hot 100. When it was released, "Igor" was number one on the "Billboard" 200 album chart. This made it Tyler's first number one album in the United States. The album was very popular. Many critics liked it, and said it was one of the best albums made in 2019. It won a Grammy Award for Best Rap Album in 2020.

Hart Crane

Harold Hart Crane (July 21, 1899 – April 27, 1932) was an American poet.

Crane was born in Garrettsville, Ohio, in 1899. His father made candy and owned restaurants. He was successful and had much money. Crane's parents did not have an easy marriage. He spent much time with his grandmother. Her library had books by Robert Browning, Ralph Waldo Emerson, and Walt Whitman.

In 1913 Crane started at East High School in Cleveland, but he was not a very good student. His mother often took him out of school for travel. He never graduated. Crane's father wanted him to work in his business, but Crane wanted to write poetry. He thought he might go to Columbia University, so he moved to New York in 1916. He didn't enter Columbia. He got jobs at some literary magazines, "The Little Review" and "Seven Arts".

In 1917, his parents divorced. His mother came to New York and lived with him in his small apartment. He tried to join the army when the United States entered World War I, but he was too young. He went back to Cleveland. He worked in an ammunition factory.

In 1921, he had a fight with his father that ended their connection for some years. By the time he moved back to New York in 1923, he had written many poems for his first book, "White Buildings". 

He worked for an advertising company in New York, and he fell in love with a sailor. This love affair helped him to write the poem "Voyages". He was also working on a long group of poems called "The Bridge". When "White Buildings" came out in 1926, he became known as a very good poet. Reviews of "The Bridge", when it came out in 1930, were not as positive. His friends Allen Tate and Ivor Winters were unhappy with the poems. This was hard for Crane to take, and his writing slowed down.

In 1931 he got a Guggenheim fellowship that let him travel to Mexico. In Mexico City he got to know the writer Katherine Anne Porter and the painter David Sequeiros. He also began his 'first and only heterosexual affair" with his travelling companion Peggy Cowley.

On April 27, 1932, Crane was on a ship that was going to Havanna, Cuba. He jumped into the Gulf of Mexico and drowned.




Llívia

Llívia is a small Catalan town which is an exclave of Spain, being surrounded by France. The Spanish border is about one kilometre away. The town is part of Cerdanya, province of Girona. The French territory surrounding Llivia is the Pyrénées-Orientales "département". Llivia had a total population of 1252 in 2005.

People lived there in Roman times. Originally, the settlement was a Roman fort (known as an "oppidum)". The name of the oppidum was "Julia Libica".
Llivia was the capital of Cerdagne in antiquity, but in the early Middle Ages, Hix (a commune of Bourg-Madame, France) became the capital of the region.

Phone sex

Phone sex is when two or more people talk about sex over the telephone. The idea of the call is to sexually stimulate the caller by being explicit. All of the people taking part do this voluntarily. Typically, phone sex is used for masturbation. Phone sex between two people is as old as there are telephone lines, which did not require an operator. It started in the 1930s. Starting with the later 20th century, there are also commercial phone sex lnes, where a sex worker is on one end of the line.

The Martian Chronicles

The Martian Chronicles is a book, by Ray Bradbury, published in 1950. In it, he used many other stories, which he had published before, and which he simply joined together. In the novel, Bradbury describes how the planet Mars is explored, and people settle there. The book was very successful, and in 1979, a movie was made from it. It has also been adapted to be a theatre play. 

Dipeptide

A dipeptide is a kind of organic compound (and therefore a kind of molecule). A dipeptide is made up of only two amino acids: one amino acid on each side of a peptide bond. A dipeptide can be made from two different amino acids or by two amino acids of the same kind. A peptide bond will be in between the two amino acids.
Gly-Gly, or Glycylglycine is a dipeptide and also the simplest peptide. It is the dipeptide of Glycine.

Some of the dipeptides are



San Francisco Renaissance

The San Francisco Renaissance is a name for the work of a group of poets in San Francisco in the 1950s and '60s. This poetry made San Francisco famous in the 1950s as a place where new writing was happening. The "renaissance," or "re-birth," was not one thing. It describes the coming together of many different groups and individuals.

A poetry reading at the Six Gallery on October 13, 1955 was the first public event. It was organized by older poet Kenneth Rexroth. During this reading, five poets—Allen Ginsberg, Philip Lamantia, Michael McClure, Gary Snyder, and Philip Whalen—read their work. The most exciting was Ginsberg's reading of his long poem "Howl". This is called the beginning of Beat poetry. But other kinds of poetry—like those connected to the Black Mountain School—were also part of the San Francisco Renaissance.

Other poets who are part of the Renaissance are Robert Duncan, Robert Creeley, Jack Spicer, Joanne Kyger, Robin Blaser, and William Everson.

After the 1960s, the Renaissance continued in the poetry of Robert Hass, Robert Pinsky, Denise Levertov, Lorna Dee Cervantes, Victor Hernández, Ron Silliman, Leslie Scalapino, and Lyn Hejinian. 




Imidazole

Imidazole (ImH) is a molecule and an organic compound. Its chemical formula is CNH. It is a white or colourless solid that is soluble in water, producing a mildly alkaline solution. 

Many natural products, especially alkaloids, have the imidazole ring. This ring system is present in important biological building blocks, such as histidine, and the related hormone, histamine. 

Inauguration of James A. Garfield

The inauguration of James A. Garfield as the 20th president of the United States happened on March 4, 1881. It was the start of James A. Garfield's only term (a partial term of 199 days) as president and the only term of Chester A. Arthur as vice president. 

Garfield did not finish his term in office because he died on September 19, 1881, after being shot by Charles J. Guiteau on July 2, 1881. As a result, his vice president, Chester A. Arthur, become the next president.

Chief Justice Morrison Waite administered the presidential oath of office to Garfield.

In his inaugural address, Garfield spoke of several topics, such as his views on African American suffrage, the gold standard, illiteracy, and the practice of polygamy by members of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. Before his inauguration, Garfield had difficulty writing his speech, rewriting it three days before he was sworn in as president. 

His inaugural ball was held in the Smithsonian Institution's Arts and Industries Building. Inside was the "Statue of America", a statue which held a light in her raised right hand. This was the centerpiece of the celebration. Music was directed by conductor John Philip Sousa.

Inauguration of Rutherford B. Hayes

The inauguration of Rutherford B. Hayes as the 19th president of the United States happened privately on March 3, 1877, and publicly on March 5, 1877. It was the start of the only four-year term of Rutherford B. Hayes as president and William A. Wheeler as vice president.

Two inaugural ceremonies happened because March 4, 1877, was on a Sunday. The first ceremony was done at the White House, and the second ceremony was done at the East Front of the United States Capitol Building. The event was the 23rd presidential inauguration and the first ceremony was the first time a president was sworn in at the White House.

The first ceremony was done secretly and with a lot of security because of how controversial the presidential election was in 1876. It was so controversial that Ulysses S. Grant, the outgoing president, was afraid a revolt would happen by those who supported Samuel J. Tilden, Hayes's opponent in the election. However, Grant assured that any attempts to take over the ceremony would not succeed.

The second ceremony happened two days later, this time in public. The quote, "He serves his party best who serves his country best," comes from his inaugural address. Hayes also was the first president to not mention God in his inaugural address.


Vienna (Ultravox song)

"Vienna" is a 1981 song by British new wave band Ultravox and is the title track from their fourth studio album "Vienna". It was performed live at Live Aid in 1985 and remains one of their signature songs. It topped the single charts in Belgium, Ireland and the Netherlands. It also went to number 2 in the United Kingdom and New Zealand. It was re-issued in 1993.

All songs written and composed by Warren Cann, Chris Cross, Billy Currie and Midge Ure, except where noted.

7-inch vinyl

12-inch vinyl

CD

UK: Chrysalis / CDCHS 3937

Platymantis polillensis

The Polillo wrinkled ground frog ("Platymantis polillensis") is a frog. It lives in the Philippines. Scientists have seen it between 50 and 350 meters above sea level on Polillo Island and in Luzon.

Sanātanī

Sanātana Dharma is what people in India call Hinduism. It is a very complex religion, with many millions of deities and minor deities. There are three main gods in Hinduism, or Sanātana Dharma. They are, Brahma, Vishnu, and Mahesh, or Lord Shiva. Lord Vishnu has 24 avatars. These avatars play an important role in Hinduism. They represent Vishnu himself.

The followers of Sanātana Dharma, or Sanātanīs, have a lot of traditions, as India is the most diverse country in the world. There are 365 festivals in Sanātana Dharma, but because of economic reasons, only a handful of the major ones are celebrated. These religious festivals include Uttarayan, Holi, and Diwali/Deepawali, along with many others.

Here We Go (US5 album)

Here We Go is the first studio album released by Multi-platinum boy band US5. It was released by Triple M Music, Global Music, and Universal Music on 18 November 2005. It is their most successful long player and sold more than 320,000 copies. 

There are three different versions of the album. The standard CD contains 13 tracks. A "Here We Go (New Edition)" was also released on the same day , containing five bonus tracks, including a live version and the single version of the song "Come Back to Me Baby". A re-release of "Here We Go" was released on March 17, 2006. This is the "Limited Deluxe Edition" which includes two music videos ("Mama" and "Just Because of You") and two backstage videos.

Just Because of You

Just Because Of You is a single by multinational pop boy band US5. It was the second single of their debut album "Here We Go". Although the single was released successfully, but they didn't reached top 1 like how their debut single "Maria" did. They reached top 3. The video showed that the band was going to a cursed and haunted castle. Richie knocked the door and the band members were dancing in a hallway. There is a vampire girl who bit them to sleep. The video was filmed in Bucharest, Romania in September 2005.

Come Back to Me Baby

Come Back To Me Baby is a song by international boy band US5. It was the lead single from "Here We Go's" "New Edition". It was released on February 10, 2006 in German-speaking countries and ranked third in Germany for a total of three months. In Austria and also in Switzerland the piece came in fourth for 13 weeks each. The video for the song was the first to be filmed in Germany. US5 stood in front of the camera in December 2005 in Potsdam. As with Maria and Just Because of You"," Oliver Sommer was the director. At four minutes and 43 seconds, this video is the longest the band has ever produced.

Rhythm Of Life (Shake It Down)

Rhythm Of Life (Shake It Down) is a single by multinational pop boy band US5. The follow-up to "One Night with You" was this single. It placed fourth in the German single charts, where it stayed for ten weeks. In Austria, she took sixth place for thirteen weeks. The piece made it to position 25 in Switzerland. There it was able to maintain its position in the charts for four weeks. In May 2007, the clip for "this single" was shot in Berlin. Oliver Sommer directed the video. The video shows that the band was having a dance battle and singing in the skateboard area.

In Control (US5 album)

In Control is the second studio album by multi-international boy band US5. It was released by Triple M Music, Global Music, and Universal Music on 24 November 2006. The album has sold more than 10,000 copies. It is their second most successful album as their debut album Here We Go sold more than 320,000 copies. In addition to the German-speaking countries, it was also published in Poland, where it was awarded a gold disc. The hit "Too Much Heaven" (featuring Robin Gibb) had an hip-hop B-side "Every Other Day". In 2007, they released their reloaded version.

Annabelle (doll)

Annabelle is an allegedly haunted Raggedy Ann doll, housed in the (now closed) occult museum of the paranormal investigators Ed and Lorraine Warren. Annabelle was moved there after supposed hauntings in 1970. A character based on the doll is one of the antagonists that appear in "The Conjuring" universe.

Barney Bear

Barney Bear is an American series of animated cartoon short movies. It was made by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer cartoon studio. The title character is an anthropomorphic bear who just wants peace and quiet. The 26 Barney Bear cartoons were made between 1939 until 1954.

Round &amp; Round (US5 song)

Round & Round is a single by international boy band US5. It was the sixth single in their third studio album, Around The World. It reached 7 in Germany, 17 in Austria & 72 in Switzerland. This was their last single with German band member Christoph Watrin and first hip hop song with new member Vince Tomas. The video is filmed in Germany. At first, the video shows that Jay was in a car, Richie in the highest floor of the building, Chris in a circle CGI, Izzy running on top the roofs of the building & Vince in front of a tunnel. The band was standing at the highest floor of the building and dancing with fencers and females wearing outfits of Bruce Lee.

Ra'anana junction terminal

Ra'anana Junction Terminal is a bus terminal in Ra'anana, Israel. It is owned and operated by Egged, the largest bus company in Israel.

The terminal was opened in 2011. It is part of a major transportation hub at Ra'anana Junction. The hub also includes a train station and a large parking lot. The terminal was built to replace the previous bus station in Ra'anana. It was in a very busy area and did not have modern facilities.

The terminal has 25 bus stands. It supports many different types of bus routes that are operated by Egged. It is a modern facility with air-conditioned waiting areas, restrooms and a kiosk selling food and drinks.

Ra'anana Junction Terminal connects Ra'anana with other cities and towns in Israel.

Wolfson hospital terminal

Wolfson Hospital Terminal is a major bus terminal located in Holon, Israel. It is owned and operated by Dan, one of the largest bus companies in Israel.

The terminal was opened in 2015 as part of a major transportation hub at Wolfson Hospital, which is one of the largest hospitals in Israel. The terminal was built to serve the large number of patients, visitors, and staff members who travel to and from the hospital by bus.

The terminal has 15 bus stands and serves a variety of bus routes operated by Dan. It is a modern facility with air-conditioned waiting areas, restrooms, and a kiosk selling snacks and drinks. The terminal is located within walking distance of the hospital's main entrance, making it easily accessible for patients and visitors.

There are several bus lines that connect Wolfson Hospital Terminal to other destinations in Israel. 


The PJ Livesey Group

The PJ Livesey Group (formed in 2006) is a residential property developer, located in Greater Manchester, United Kingdom.

The group completed the purchase of Tapton Court in Ranmoor, Sheffield in 2020. King George VII was once a guest in this building while he was the Prince of Wales.

The PJ Livesey Group presented subject of plans to the City of York Council for the 37-acre Heslington Road Estate. For the redevelopment of The Retreat on Heslington Road,

The PJ Livesey Group, which transformed the multi-storey factory building in New York five years ago, has begun construction on the first apartments in the historic Terry's chocolate factory clock tower.

In 2022, a former school property in Cheshire was acquired by the Group from the regeneration firm Nikal.

Raiffeisen Arena

The Raiffeisen Arena is a football stadium in Linz, capital of the federal state of Upper Austria. It replaces the Linz stadium built in 1952 and later renovated. The new stadium with a total of 19,080 seats (standing, sitting and box seats) was built on the old site. 17,117 seats are available for international games.

The costs for the stadium were 65 million euros. With other facilities (e.g. offices, training grounds or day restaurant) it would be 85 million euros. With the additional facilities (e.g. offices, training grounds or day restaurant) it would be 85 million euros. Due to the increase in the cost of building materials the exact costs will only be known after completion. Right next to the stadium is the "TipsArena Linz" multi-purpose hall with a six-lane, 200 m synthetic track and a maximum of 8,755 seats.
On 17 February 2023 the arena was used for a football match for the first time. The LASK women's team met SPG Geretsberg/Bürmoos in a test match. The LASK women won the game 4:1. Captain Katharina Mayr scored the first goal in the new stadium. 

The men's first game took place on 24 February. LASK met SC Austria Lustenau on the 19th match day of the Bundesliga. LASK won the game 1-0 in front of 12,000 spectators.

Prafulla Chandra Pant

Prafulla Chandra Pant (born 30 August 1952) is an Indian judge and author. He is known for his career in the Indian courts and judiciary. He started his career as a civil judge (the lowest ranked judge). He got promoted through the ranks to become a judge of the Supreme Court of India (the highest court of India). He worked in the Supreme Court from 2014 to 2017.

Prafulla Chandra Pant was born on 30 August 1952 in Pithoragarh, a town in the Indian state of Uttarakhand. His parents were Ishwari Datt Pant and Pratima Pant. His father was a teacher and his mother was a housewife. 

He completed high school from Government Inter College in Pithoragarh. He went to college at Allahabad University where he received his Bachelor of Science degree. He got his law degree of LL.B. from University of Lucknow.

Pant wanted to join the Indian Army when he was in college and took the National Defence Academy exam for the same. But, he was not selected.

Pant passed the Uttar Pradesh Munsif Services Examination of 1973 and was selected as a judge. He then started his work in the Indian Judiciary from Uttar Pradesh in 1976. He worked in the lower judiciary of Uttar Pradesh in Ghaziabad, Pilibhit, Ranikhet, Bareilly and Meerut.

He was promoted to Uttar Pradesh Higher Judicial Service in 1990 and worked as an Additional District Judge in Bahraich. He also worked as Joint Registrar at Allahabad High Court.

In 2000, a new Indian state of Uttarakhand was created. Pant was transferred to Uttarakhand and became its first Judicial Secretary. He was District Judge at Nainital and Registrar General of Uttarakhand High Court.

He was promoted from district judiciary. He became a judge of the Uttarakhand High Court (the highest court in Uttarakhand) on 29 June 2004 and worked there till 19 September 2013.

He was then promoted as Chief Justice (the highest ranking judge) of the Meghalaya High Court (the highest court in the Indian state of Meghalaya). He started his work as Chief Justice on 20 September 2013.

He was appointed as Judge of the Supreme Court of India by President Pranab Mukherjee. He began his work in the Supreme Court on 13 August 2014 and continued till 29 August 2017.

Uttarakhand High Court

The High Court of Uttarakhand is the highest court of the Indian state of Uttarakhand under the Indian Constitution. It provides justice to people and protects the fundamental rights of citizens.

Allahabad High Court

The High Court of Judicature at Allahabad is the highest court of the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh under the Indian Constitution. It provides justice to people and protects the fundamental rights of citizens.

Meghalaya High Court

The High Court of Meghalaya is the highest court of the Indian state of Meghalaya under the Indian Constitution. It provides justice to people and protects the fundamental rights of citizens.

Glossary of climate change

Glossary of climate change is a list of terms commonly used in climate change. These terms will be followed by their definitions

Glossary of climate change acronyms and terms by United Nations Climate Change

Creative Artists Agency

Creative Artists Agency LLC (CAA) is an American talent and sports agency based in Los Angeles, California. It is regarded as an influential company in the talent agency business and manages numerous clients. In March 2016, CAA had 1,800 employees.



T. Meena Kumari

T. Meena Kumari is an Indian judge who worked as the first Chief Justice of the Meghalaya High Court.

Uma Nath Singh

Uma Nath Singh is an Indian judge who worked as Chief Justice of the Meghalaya High Court.

Romanian royal family

The Romanian royal family is the group who are relatives (family) of the monarch, or in this case, the head of the house, currently Margareta of Romania,



Climate of Nigeria

The Climate of Nigeria is mostly tropical. Nigeria has four climate types, two seasons and an average temperature between 24 °C and 30 °C. 

The climate in Nigeria are of four types. According to Köppen–Geiger climate classification system, it is mainly tropical () and dry () in some areas. It can be categorized into four with tropical monsoon climate in the southern part, hot desert climate and hot semi-arid climates in the northern parts, and tropical savannah climate in the central parts of the country.

Chima Williams

Chima Williams is an environmental fighter, an environmental lawyer who fights environmental unfairness and held a big business company like Shell to pay fines they have caused and brought about on some communities in the Niger-Delta. He is also the founder of the first student environmental justice group in Nigeria. He was given the name the Earth’s foremost defenders.

Williams as a student joined the Nigerian Environmental Movement in the 1990s where he offered to work for free for Environmental Rights Action (ERA), an NGO which was created in 1993, which promotes for environmental rights in Nigeria. In 1998, Chima founded the first Student environmental justice group in Nigeria. He has been serving as an environmental lawyer suing multinational companies on environmental dirtying cases in Nigeria. On October 2020, He was made the Executive Director of the Environmental Rights Action/Friends of the Earth Nigeria (ERA/FoEN). Environmental Rights Action (ERA) which is a promoter NGO founded on 11 January 1993 in Nigeria to fight environmental human rights issues in Nigeria. ERA is the Nigerian chapter of Friends of the Earth International (FoEI).

Williams is one of the people the won a 2022 Goldman Environmental Prize across the world. He is the third Nigerian to get the prize. The award was given for his work in protecting the Earth by holding Royal Dutch Shell responsible for oil spillage from their equipment into the Niger Delta communities. The Goldman award is given to honour and to thank the work of grassroots environmental fighter across the world who are working to protect the Earth.

2022 Nigeria floods

The 2022 Nigeria floods affected many parts of the country. From the Federal Government Data, the floods rendered over 1.4 million people homeless, killed over 603 people, and injured more than 2,400 persons. About 82,035 houses had been damaged, and 332,327 hectares of land had also been affected.

While Nigeria frequently experiences seasonal flooding, this flood was the worst in the country since the 2012 Nigeria flood.

As of October, over 200,000 homes were completely or partially destroyed by the floods. On 7 October, a boat carrying people fleeing the floods from Ogbaru capsized on the Niger River, causing 76 deaths.

The flooding was caused by heavy rainfall, climate change, as well as the release of water from the Lagdo Dam in neighbouring Cameroon, which began on 13 September. Flooding, which affected Nigeria, Niger, Chad, and the surrounding region, began in the early summer of 2022 and ended in October.

The Nigerian government has blamed the floods of 2022 on unusually heavy rains and climate change. United Nations Humanitarian Coordinator for Nigeria Matthias Schmale said that the flooding could be largely explained by climate change. Climate change in Nigeria has been responsible for flooding, droughts, decreased air quality and the loss of habitat.

A climate modeling study by the World Weather Attribution project estimated that the floods were rendered far more likely and much more intense by climate change. They modeled the June to September rainfall in the Lake Chad and lower Niger river catchment areas, looking at total rainfall and intense rain weeks.

Flooding increased on 13 September with the perennial release of water from the Lagdo Dam in neighbouring Cameroon. Excess water released from the dam cascades down River Benue and its tributaries, flooding communities in the states of Kogi, Benue, and other states in the northeast. When Lagdo Dam was constructed in 1982, there was an agreement by Nigerian authorities to build a second, twin dam in Adamawa State to contain the overflows. Known as the Dasin Hausa Dam project, it was to be situated in Dasin Village of the Fufore local government area, but was never built by the Nigerian government.

Nigerian Minister of Humanitarian Affairs, Disaster Management & Social Development Sadiya Umar Farouq said that "there was enough warning and information about the 2022 flood" she blamed local governments, states, and communities for not acting promptly despite the warnings.

The indiscriminate construction on natural flood plains and storm water paths together with poor drainage systems in many residential areas clog channels with waste. Lax enforcement of environmental laws has only exacerbated problems even further.

Natural disasters in Nigeria

Natural disasters in Nigeria can be referred to as an event in Nigeria leading to the loss of lives and properties as a result of climate change in the country. Natural disasters of a place can be caused by flooding, erosion, insect infestation, etc.

There have been several forms of disasters related to climate change in Nigeria, some of which are flooding, soil and coastal erosion, landslides, tidal waves, coastal erosion, sand-storms, oil spillage, locust/insect infestations, and other man-made disasters. It can be said that the country's under-protected and expansive environment contributed to making the people especially vulnerable to these disasters. Other dangers include northern dust storms, which are usually from northern states to southern states; causing damages through large deposits of dust and dirt from these regions. Hail (Small ice pellets or sleet That is mostly translucent, e.g Snow) is another cause, which rarely occurs in some parts of Nigeria, leading to damage to crops and properties. 

This section explains different kinds of disasters that had happened in Nigeria to date.

There was a drought in 1972 and 1973 that lead to the death of about 13% of animals in the northeastern part of Nigeria and also an annual agricultural yield loss of about 50%.
The rainfall trend between 1960 and 1990 in northeast Nigeria steadily declined by about 8 mm/year.
Nigeria's most recent drought was between 1991 to 1995
Flood
Constant events of flooding in different parts of Nigeria had led to socioeconomic damage, injury, and loss of life.

The 2022 Nigeria floods affected many parts of the country. Data collected From the Federal Government shows that floods had displaced over 1.4 million people, killed over 603 people, and injured more than 2,400 people. About 82,035 houses had been damaged, and 332,327 hectares of land was also been affected.

According to Adamawa State Emergency Management Agency (ADSEMA) On the 11th and 12th of August, two days of uninterrupted rainfall happened in the State, which caused flooding that affected 66 houses and destroyed about 150 farmlands in Lababiri Village in Adamawa State. The incident which also affected 79 communities in 16 Local Government Areas, killed about 7 people and left 74,713 people homeless in the same state.

Order of Victory

The Order of Victory () was the highest military decoration awarded for World War II service in the Soviet Union, and one of the rarest orders in the world. The order was awarded only to Generals and Marshals for successfully conducting combat operations involving one or more army groups and resulting in a "successful operation within the framework of one or several fronts resulting in a radical change of the situation in favor of the Red Army." In the history of the Soviet Union, the award had been awarded twenty times to twelve Soviet leaders and five foreign leaders, with one revocation. The last living recipient was King Michael I of Romania, who died on 5 December 2017.

Os renovadores

Os Renovadores (the Renewers) or Os Novos (New ones) was a diverse group who wanted to renew visual Galician arts from the 1920s.

Maside, Souto, Colmeiro, Seoane, Eiroa, Mazas, Torres and Laxeiro are considered members of "Os Novos"; Jose Frau is sometimes named; Virxilio Blanco, who went young to Cuba, is also included. For their influence, Castelao, Camilo Díaz and Asorey are considered part of the group. Some others were the surrealists Granell, Mallo and Urbano Lugris, and, later, Maria Antonia Dans, Elena Gago, Angel Johan, Colombo, Cebreiro, Pesqueira, Concheiro and Bonome. Isaac Díaz Pardo, son of Camilo Díaz, continued the legacy of his family and renewed the forms of design and ceramics.

In "Séculos Escuros age" there were efforts to preserve the dignity of Arts (Compostelan Baroque), Science and Education (by Sarmiento and Benito J. Feijoo), and Literature.

In the 19th century, there was a resurgence ("Rexurdimento") in poetry. In painting, there is an affinity for romantic and post-impressionist landscapes influenced by Cézanne. Some Galicians, like Valle-Inclán, accused the artistic primacy of the Madrid-Valencia axis inside Iberian Peninsule.

Some promising artists died young and were called the 'Sick Generation'.
In Europe, the vanguards grew up. Some Spaniards (mostly Catalans as Miró or Dalí) went to France. In the 1920s, 'Group Nós' wanted to link Galician culture to Europe, and 'Xeración do 25' emerged ( literature "renovators"). Artists born in the 1900s and 1910s don't break with olders, such as Baliño, Castelao or Asorey, and they try to renew art tradition. Writers and designers gather around "El Pueblo Gallego", which published both in Spanish and Galician.

In 1921, Santiago Ramón y Cajal gave Castelao a scholarship to learn about the avant-garde. For him, art must be universal and linked to the 'mother culture'. When he knew Central European art, he made some offensive comments about Picasso, who after his training in Galicia and Catalonia was creating Cubism in Paris"." Castelao prefered the Russian new art because it was ""linked to the people"". Later, he published an essay saying that the vanguards could be ""crazy, but not silly"," and he wrote to the poet Manuel Antonio about old and new art roots. He spent one year traveling and he wrote in his diary:

Carlos Maside traveled a lot. His work was shown in the US by the Carnegie Institute, along with Mallo and Souto. In Paris, he saw Gaugin and Van Gogh art. It influenced his work beyond Cubism, Magic realism, Expressionism and the Bauhaus professor Kandinsky. Maside made graphic works for the Autonomy campaign, collaborated with Seminar on Galician Studies, and suggested an Art Library in Santiago. He stayed in inner exile and made friends with younger artists like Laxeiro and his nephew Xulio.

Manuel Colmeiro was another artist who traveled a lot. After the war, he went into exile in Argentina, where he created murals in Galerías Pacífico. In exile, he interacted with artists like Seoane, Dieste, and Alberti. He moved to Paris in 1949 and in 1989 he returned to Galicia. In the 60s, he had exhibitions in London and won several awards in the 80s. He died in Salvaterra de Minho in 1999 at the age of 98. His daughter Elena Colmeiro was also an artist, specializing in sculpture and ceramics.
Seoane talked to Freixanes about the concerns of students in Compostela during the first part of 20th century:
""Simplicismus" interested a lot, within the "art nouveau". The European artistic and intellectual center began to move from Paris to Berlin both in painting and the visual arts as well as in philosophical and political thought (...) Austria was also very present, Paul Klee, Grosz... All of this, although it may seem curious, it was known in the restless Galicia of those years."
Asorey, born in 1889, made figurative art, but with new themes and expressionist texture. He wasn't as iconoclast and abstract as the avant-garde, but he caused controversies. He sculpted a Virgin with a host on her chest for A Estrada and the priest didn't want it. That iconography was also used by Díaz in his posters for the Statute of Autonomy of Galicia, with the coat of arms of the Kingdom of Galicia (today official of the Autonomy). The war took him many friends, but he continued in internal exile. This led to some oblivion later, according to his family. Asorey made monuments to great figures of culture, such as the Enlightenment philosopher Benito J. Feijoo, the writer Curros Enríquez or the astronomer from Lalín, Pontevedra, Ramón Mª Aller. In 2019, Asorey's sculpture "A Santa" returned to Galicia for an exhibition, after 70 years in Montevideo. The sculpture, created in 1926, received criticism from the Queen of Spain for breaking political correctness at the time. However, Asorey later stated in a press interview in 1956 that this was the work he was most satisfied with.

The movement in Galicia was less disruptive than other vanguards. They valued tradition and they were also very cosmopolitan, and the work of other people was fundamental to that movement, from "Nós" generation to scientists of the Seminary of Galician Studies, archaeologists, etc. Enrique Campo with only four years of work but very intense, practiced with new fields of drawing, archeology and scientific illustration.

Some of the "Renovators" were influenced by surrealism, like vivarian painter Maruxa Mallo, who had strong ties with surrealists such as Bretón, Lorca and Buñuel. She was far from his homeland, but the Galician sea was included as a theme in her work. During the fascist uprising, Mallo was in Vigo and managed to escape to Portugal. With the help of Gabriela Mistral, Chilean ambassador in Lisbon, could travel to Americas, where she was in touch with Seoane. Other artists marked by the war were Francisco Miguel, killed in 1936; he worked with Siqueiros and illustrated works by Borges and Mistral. The painter Urbano Lugrís, son of Lugrís Freire, an intelectual contrary to Franco, was forced to take the side of fascism, like other artists. He also worked on set designs and architecture, such as the "Surrealist chapel of Magi," in Bueu.

In the 1920s, members of Irmandades were involved in theater and founded Escola Dramática Galega, with notable playwrights such as Cotarelo Valledor and Vicente Risco. Noriega Varela and Cabanillas bridged the gap between 19th century and the avant-gardes. Cabanillas assimilates the poetry of Curros, Rosalía de Castro and Pondal, also taking modernist elements. Rafael Dieste was the most prominent author in the "Generation of 25", and the scenography was diverse, with surrealist and symbolist elements. Lorca founded "La Barraca" in the early 1930s where Lugrís and Ernesto G. da Cal participated in the scenography. Lorca wrote "Six poems in Galician" in 1935 as a result of his friendship with them.

Galician humor and satire have a long tradition, from sneering medieval poems to modern-day comics (the first Galician comic strips are published in 1888 and in the first decades of XX drawing was analysis tool in the key of socio-political criticism or "charge"). Authors like Risco and Otero Pedrayo, who portrayed Diego Gelmires as a "comedian," used satire to comment on Galician society. Pioneers of puppetry like Barriga Verde reflected with humor the quarrels between Galicians and Portuguese, as Gabriel Feijóo had done centuries before"." Artists like Maside and Díaz drew inspiration from illustrations and caricatures of Central European humor. Castelao and Luis Bagaría (although Catalan by birth, he was a close friend of a lot of Galician artists) were two of the most influential graphic humorists in Galicia, and Vázquez Díaz combined classic portraits in sculpture with satire in his penguin, closely linked to surrealism, for which he suffered censorship.

The renewal of art influenced the next generation of Galician artists, called by some "Segundos Renovadores". The exiles participated in drawing, painting, murals, architecture, typography and ceramics. Artists such as Seoane, the Granell brothers, Mallo and others found a great echo in the internal exile. Bello Piñeiro, promoter of the Sargadelos pottery, founded upon their return to Galicia by Luis and Maruxa Seoane and Díaz Pardo among others.
The renovators created fonts and recovered traditional typography in stone, continued by Laboratorio de Formas. Recent creators have made fonts based on them, like "Vila Morena" (Ipanema Graf) and "Gallaecia Castelo" (Carlos Núñez).

Marcos Dopico and Natalia Crecente from the University of Vigo analyzed their typographic program. They combined traditional fonts from different origins with the systematization of Bauhaus and Ulm schools, and according to Díaz Pardo, the Soviet Vkhutemas.

"On fabric research, Luís Seoane and Maria." "E. Montero:" 



Platymantis insulatus

The Gigante wrinkled ground frog ("Platymantis insulatus") is a frog. It lives in the Philippines on South Gigante Island. It lives in forests where there is limestone in the ground.

The adult frog is 38 to 42 mm long from nose to rear end.

This frog is in danger of dying out because of global climate change and because humans change the places where it lives.

Order of Carol I

The Order of Carol I () is one of the three (current) dynastic orders of knighthood of the Romanian Royal Family. It is the highest ranking and was the highest ranking of orders of the Kingdom of Romania. It is named in honour of the first King of Romania, Carol I, established on his 40th Jubilee.

As of 2017, there are only three Recipients, Margareta, Custodian of the Crown of Romania (Sovereign of the Order), her husband Prince Radu and her younger sister and heir, Princess Elena of Romania.

Atlantihyla

Atlantihyla is a genus of frogs in the family Hylidae. These frogs live in Honduras and Guatemala in Central America. Scientists named these frogs "Atlantihyla" because they live on the east side of the narrow piece of land, which is the same side as the Atlantic Ocean. These frogs are named stream frogs in English.

Scientists made the genus using information about DNA. Julián Faivovich and colleagues looked at the subfamily Hylinae in 2018. They moved two former "Ptychohyla" species to "Atlantihyla" and four former "Ptychohyla" species to "Quilticohyla." "Atlantihyla" is a sister group with "Bromeliohyla", "Duellmanohyla", and "Quilticohyla". A third "Atlantihyla" species was described in 2020.

These frogs only look alike in one way: They have a white stripe on the sides of their bodies and a ridge on their backs. Adult male frogs are and adult female frogs are long from nose to rear end. The tadpoles have large mouth discs.

There are three species in this genus:

AmphibiaWeb says this genus is monotypic, with "Atlantihyla melissa" as the only species in it.

Atlantihyla melissa

Atlantihyla melissa is a frog. It lives in Honduras. Scientists have seen it between 780 and 1680 meters above sea level in the Cordillera Nombre de Dios mountains. This place is in a park called Refugio de Vida Silvestre Texiguat.

The adult male frog is 30.4 - 38.8 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is 30.9 - 43.9 mm long.

This frog can be many colors. Some frogs have spots and some do not. Most frogs have a stripe down the sides of their bodies, which can be light or bright yellow. Adult male frogs look different from adult female frogs. Adult male frogs can have pink eyes or red eyes. Adult female frogs have green eyes or brown eyes.

These frogs live near streams and rivers where the water moves fast and the bottom of the river is covered in rocks. People have seen these frogs sitting on plants that hang over the water. Because the adult frogs hide, scientists have heard the male frogs even when they have not seen them.

The tadpole can grow to be 47.1 mm long before becoming a frog. The tadpole has a large mouth disk on the bottom of its body. The young frogs climb out of the water in July or July.

This frog only lives in one place. Because human beings cut down trees and build things in that place, this frog is in danger of dying out.

Scientists named this frog for Isis Melissa Medina-Flores. Medina-Flores is a life scientist. She helped study this frog and other frogs nearby. In 2016, she disappeared in the mountains.

Ceiba stream frog

The Ceiba stream frog ("Atlantihyla spinipollex") is a frog. It lives in Honduras. Scientists have seen it between 160 and 1580 meters above sea level in the Cordillera Nombre de Dios mountains.

Guatemala stream frog

The Guatemala stream frog ("Atlantihyla panchoi") is a frog. It lives in Guatemala. Scientists have seen it between 100 and 895 meters above sea level in the Sierra de las Minas and Montañas del Mico.

It's Gonna Be Me

"It's Gonna Be Me" is a 2000 song by NSYNC and was taken from their second studio album "No Strings Attached". It went to number 1 in both the United States and Canada and went to the top twenty in Australia, Belgium, Italy, New Zealand, Norway, Scotland, Sweden and the United Kingdom.

US limited edition cassette and CD single
US 12-inch single

Remixes maxi single

European CD single
International maxi single

I'll Never Stop

"I'll Never Stop" is a song by NSYNC and taken from their second studio album "No Strings Attached". It topped the single charts in El Salvador and went to the top 20 in the United Kingdom, Czech Republic, the Netherlands, Scotland and Sweden. It was later included on their 2005 album "Greatest Hits" which was its first release in the United States.

UK CD single
UK cassette single
European CD single
European maxi single

U.S. Route 84

U.S. Route 84 or U.S. Highway 84 (US 84) is an east–west United States highway that goes from US 160 in Pagosa Springs, Colorado to Interstate 95 and Georgia State Route 38 near Midway, Georgia. The highway is long.

Sunday, Cruddy Sunday

"Sunday, Cruddy Sunday" is the twelfth episode of the tenth season of "The Simpsons". It first aired on January 31, 1999, right after Super Bowl XXXIII and the first episode of "Family Guy". The episode was directed by Steven Dean Moore and written by Brian Scully, Tom Martin, Mike Scully and George Meyer. The episode features Homer, Bart, and many other people going to the Super Bowl, but they soon face many problems.

Wednesday Addams

Wednesday Addams is a fictional character from the Addams Family multimedia franchise created by American cartoonist Charles Addams. She is typically portrayed as a morbid and emotionally reserved child that is fascinated by the macabre, often identified by her pale skin and black pigtails.

Wednesday has been portrayed by several actresses in various films and television series, including Lisa Loring in the television series "The Addams Family" (1964–1966) and in the television film "Halloween with the New Addams Family" (1977); Christina Ricci in the feature films "The Addams Family" (1991) and "Addams Family Values" (1993); Nicole Fugere in the direct-to-video film "Addams Family Reunion" (1998) and in the television series "The New Addams Family" (1998–1999); and Jenna Ortega in the streaming television series "Wednesday" (2022).

Pithoragarh

Pithoragarh is a town and district in the Indian state of Uttarakhand. Its landscape has Himalayan mountains, valleys, alpine meadows, forests, waterfalls, perennial rivers, glaciers, and springs. 

In history, the town was a major centre of power during the ruling of the Chand Kings in Kumaon and some remains of that time are still here.

Pithoragarh is known for its dense forests and plants.

House of Romania

The House of Romania is the current Royal House of the Romanian Royal Family, established in 2011. It replaces the now-extinct Romanian Branch of the House of Hohenzollern after the late, King Michael I severed all dynastic ties and renounced membership and titles associated with the House.



Tai Tapu

Tai Tapu is a small town/settlement on State Highway 75. It was previously known as Taitapu. It is located 6 kilometres east of Lincoln and 18 kilometres south west of Christchurch. It has a school, church and hotel that was established in 1856. The name Tai Tapu is derived from the Maori words "wai tapu". This means water.

Ohsama Sentai King-Ohger

Ohsama Sentai King-Ohger is a Japanese television series. It is the 47th Toei's Super Sentai series. Its Insectoid-themed "Avataro Sentai Donbrothers" The show succeeded "Kamen Rider Geats" and "Kamen Rider Gotchard" line-up Super Hero Time to "Ohsama Sentai King-Ohger" premiered March 5, 2023, on TV Asahi.




Motorcycle Emptiness

"Motorcycle Emptiness" is a 1992 song by Welsh band Manic Street Preachers and is the fifth single from their debut studio album "Generation Terrorists". It went to number 17 in the United Kingdom, number 24 in the Netherlands and number 35 in New Zealand and Belgium. The music video was filmed in Japan.

The Criminal Code

The Criminal Code is a 1931 romantic crime drama movie directed by Howard Hawks and is the first adaption from the 1929 play of the same name by Martin Flavin. It stars Walter Huston, Phillips Holmes, Constance Cummings, Boris Karloff, DeWitt Jennings, Ethel Wales and Arthur Hoyt. It was distributed by Columbia Pictures.


Full Circle (group)

Full Circle is a hip hop music group. They have people from Prime Boys and Halal Gang in it. This includes Jimmy Prime, SAFE, Jay Whiss, Puffy L'z, Donnie and Smoke Dawg (before he died). Smoke Dawg's younger brother Young Smoke joined the group in 2020.

The group was made in 2015 because the people in it were good friends and used to make songs together under their solo names a lot but decided to come together to perform under the "Full Circle" group name. They released the song "Full-Circle" named after the groups name in 2016 and was produced by Boi-1da. The group released the songs "Income" and "El Chapo" in 2016 too. Full Circle member Smoke Dawg was shot dead in 2018. Their manager Kosi Modekwe was also killed.


Sophie Pascoe

Sophie Frances Pascoe (born 8 January 1993) is a paralympic swimmer from New Zealand. At two years old, she was in an accident. As a result, her left leg was amputated, and her right leg was scarred. She is now New Zealand's most decorated Paralympian with 20 medals. 

Sophie Frances Pascoe was born on January 8, 1993, in Christchurch, New Zealand. Her parents' names are Garry and Jo Pascoe. She also has an older sister named Rebecca. When Pascoe was 2 years old, she was involved in a lawnmower accident. Her father accidentally drove over her leg. Her right left got many scars, and her left leg had to be amputated from the knee down.

Sophie struggled to keep up with the other children in her school in swimming. When Sophie was 7 years old, she started one on one swimming lessons. She quickly got better at swimming. Later that year, she beat all her classmates in the school's annual swimming race. Before her grandfather died, she made a promise that one day she would compete in the Paralympics. 

From the age of 8 until 2022 she was coached by Roly Crichton, an earlier Paralympics gold medalist. She trains at the QEII swim club.

At the age of 15, Sophie Pascoe qualified for the Beijing Paralympics. She was the youngest team member, and not expected to be able to compete with the athletes in the Paralympics. In the 2008 Beijing Paralympics she won three gold and one silver medal. 

After the Paralympics in 2008, she gained a lot of attention. She was voted New Zealand's favorite Paralympian in a Nationwide voting competition. She also won four awards at the Canterbury Sportsperson Awards in 2009, one of which was for the Sportsperson of the Year Award.

At the London 2012 Paralympics she won three gold and three silver medals. In the 2016 Paralympics in Rio, she once again won three gold and two silver medals. Sophie Pascoe has won over 20 medals in Paralympics, Swimming World championships and different National Championship. This makes her New Zealand's most decorated Paralympian. 

In 2013 Pascoe wrote and published a biography. The book "Stroke of Fate" focuses on her family and her dedication to become the most successful Paralympian in New Zealand history. 


Megan Hine

Megan Hine is a British survival consultant, adventurer, television presenter and writer. She is known for her work with Bear Grylls on "" (2015, 2016), "Car Vs Wild" (2013) and "Bear Grylls: Breaking Point" (2015).

Megan joined the military cadets when she was a teenager as a way of spending more time outdoors. Hine grew up loving the outdoors. Her father was a geologist and family holidays were spent in the UK hiking, climbing mountain and exploring forests. Behind the scenes she has worked on a wide range of television shows all over the world. She is an expedition guide and one of Bear Grylls`survival consultants. Hine has contributed to around 400 episodes in adventurous television and has been involved with filmmaking for the last 15 years.

Megan Hine is known for challenging expeditions and traveling. She has lived with different native communities all over the world. Some of them are the Sámi in the Arctic, the Sand Bushmen in Africa and the Iban jungle dwellers in Borneo. She has faced some close calls including waking up to lions circling her, stumbling upon a drug farm, bitten by snakes and followed by bears. She is an ambassador for Scouting UK.

Her first book “Mind of a survivor” was published in May 2017 by Coronet.


Megan Hine gave a Tedx talk in November 2017. The Youtube video of the talk has 11 494 views, and is titled; "What the Wild Has Thaught Me About Survival and Success"



Rosie Swale-Pope

Rosie Swale-Pope (b.1946) is a British author, global adventurer and marathon runner. She is famous for having run around the world, sailing across the Atlantic in a small boat, and trekking across Chile on horseback.

Many of her adventures have been done to raise money for charity and to spread awareness of prostate cancer.

Rosie Swale-Pope was born in Switzerland by a Swiss mother and an Irish father. Her mother died when Rosie was two years old, and she went on to live with her grandmother in Ireland. Rosie was home-schooled until she was sent to boarding school at age thirteen.

She began working for a newspaper at age 18, and very soon she began exploring the world on her own. Rosie married Colin Swale, and together they bought a 30-foot catamaran and sailed to Italy. Their youngest child, James, was born on board the boat.

she is a solo treker


Julian (emperor)

Julian (Flavius Claudius Julianus, 331 — 26 June 363 sometimes Julian II) was known in Christian tradition as Julian the apostate, or Julian the Philosopher. He was Roman emperor from 360 to 363. He is known for having favored Neoplatonic Hellenism over Christianity. 

Akali movement

The Akali movement happened in Punjab in which the Sikhs sought to remove corrupt mahants (temple leaders), who were supported by the British, from their gurdwaras (Sikh temples). The agitation got closely identified with the non-cooperation movement in India.

The Long Breakup

The Long Breakup is a documentary film from the year 2020. The Film is about the relationship between Ukraine and Russia. Katya Soldak directed the film. She is a Ukrainian journalist and filmmaker, living in New York. 

Katya Soldak, a Ukrainian journalist working for Forbes magazine in New York City, tells the story of Ukraine's history. The film talks about Ukraine's relationship with Russia, especially after the Soviet Union ended. It includes interviews with regular people, politicians, and experts who share their opinions and experiences. The movie uses personal stories and analysis of historical and political issues to explain the struggles and difficulties that Ukraine and its people face. "The Long Breakup" provides a look at the ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine.

As stated on the Ante Media movie website:

John Rash, who writes for StarTribune, says the movie explains the fighting in Ukraine and how Ukraine's history is influenced by Russia.

Arte, a public service channel in Europe, reports that journalist Katya Soldak talks about Ukraine's attempts to be free from Russia, its strong neighbor.

Carolyn Kizer

Carolyn Ashley Kizer (December 10, 1925 – October 9, 2014) was an American poet. She won the Pulitzer Prize for Poetry in 1985 for her book, "Yin".

Kizer was born in Spokane, Washington. She wrote poetry as a child. When she was 17, "The New Yorker" printed one of her poems.

She got a B.A. from Sarah Lawrence College in 1945. Then she studied Chinese at Columbia University. From 1946 to 1954, she married and had three children. In the mid-1950s, at the University of Washington, two of her teachers were poets Theodore Roethke and Stanley Kunitz. Roethke told her she should be a poet.

In 1964, she went to Pakistan for the US State Department. As a "Specialist in Literature," she taught at a number of schools there.

In addition to the Pulitzer, Kizer won the Frost Medal, the Theodore Roethke Memorial Poetry Award, and an American Academy of Arts and Letters Award. She was a chancellor (leader) of the Academy of American Poets.

She died in Sonoma, California in 2014.



List of Armenian monarchs and presidents

This list is a list of Armenian monarchs 

The rulers of Armenia under the Sasanians (as province, known as the "Persarmenia"), Rashidun, Umayyad and Abbasid (as autonomous, known as the "Arminiya") caliphates.
The Bagratid Armenia was an independent Armenian state established by Ashot I Bagratuni of the Bagratuni dynasty in the early 880s following nearly two centuries of foreign domination of Greater Armenia under Arab Umayyad and Abbasid rule.
Kingdom of Kars (962/3–1064)
The kingdom centered on now northeastern Turkey (Kars Province) and northwestern Armenia.

Kingdom of Vaspurakan (908–1021)


The kingdom centered on Lake Van, located in what is now eastern Turkey (in Van Province) and partially northwestern Iran.

Kingdom of Syunik (970–1170)

The kingdom centered in Syunik province of now Armenia.

Kingdom of Lori (982–1145)

The kingdom was located on the territories of modern-day northern Armenia, partially northwestern Azerbaijan and southern Georgia. 

In addition, five Armenian "meliks" ruled the mountainous Karabakh from the 14th to the 19th centuries. 

The Armenian Kingdom (starting of an principality) of Cilicia was an Armenian state formed during the High Middle Ages by Armenian refugees fleeing the Turcoman invasion of the Armenia. Located outside the Armenian Highlands and distinct from the Kingdom of Armenia of antiquity or medieval.
In the decades following the Battle of Manzikert, one of the Turcoman vassal dynasties of the Seljuk Turks gained control of the city of Ahlat in the former Armenian heartland. These Turcoman "emirs" took the used title of "Shah-i Armen" (ie. "King of the Armenians"). 
The title "Shah-i Armen" was temporarily revived in the 15th century under the rule of the Turcoman Qara Qoyunlu during the rule of Qara Iskandar.

Iskandar sought to cultivate the Armenian population, especially the feudal lords and clergy. To reinforce this policy, he took the title "Shah-i Armen," King of the Armenians.

Mongol monk

Mongol monks or Mongolian monks (endonym in ) are monastic practitioners of Buddhism in Mongolia. Mongol monks work and live in Buddhist monasteries and temples throughout Mongolia and in other countries. 

Buddhism first arrived in Mongolia via the Himalayas and Tibet. Tibetan Buddhism became the official religion of the Yuan dynasty led by Kublai Khan. Following the fall of the Yuan dynasty in 1368, Tengriism became the main religion in the eastern Eurasian steppes until the 16th century. During the Qing dynasty, Buddhism once again became the main religion, both in Outer Mongolia and Inner Mongolia.

In the 20th century, the persecution of Mongol monks and other Buddhists happened under the rule of the Mongolian People's Republic. Mongolia imposed state atheism under the pressure of the Soviet government.


U.S. Route 70

U.S. Route 70 or U.S. Highway 70 (US 70) is an east–west United States highway that goes from US 60 / Arizona State Route 77 in Globe, Arizona to Seashore Drive in Atlantic, North Carolina. The highway is long. 

The highway's western end used to be in Los Angeles, California.

Bernadette Mayer

Bernadette Mayer (May 12, 1945 – November 22, 2022) was an American poet, writer, and visual artist. She was connected to both the Language poets and the New York School.

Mayer wrote more than 30 books of poetry. She won a Guggenheim fellowship in 2015. She taught poetry at New England College in New Hampshire, Naropa University in Colorado, the New School and other colleges.

She said about poetry, "“The idea of perfection in a poem is pretty stupid. Because if nothing else is perfect, why should a poem be perfect?”




50th Anniversary of the Republic Sculptures

The 50th Anniversary of the Republic Sculptures are 20 sculptures that were made for Istanbul. They were made by Turkish sculptors as a celebration of the 50th anniversary of the Turkish Republic. The sculptures were put in different parks and squares in Istanbul around the year 1973. Many of them were damaged, destroyed, lost, or moved. Only some of them are still there.

It was not easy for Turkish sculptors to show their work in public spaces between 1950 and 1960. There were not many types of sculptures (other than monuments) in Turkey until 1973. In May 1972, a committee in charge of celebrating the 50th anniversary of the Turkish Republic held a meeting at the headquarters of the Governor of Istanbul. They wanted to have 50 sculptures made to celebrate the anniversary. But, because they didn't have enough money, they reduced it to 20. The committee chose 20 artists to make these sculptures. On 13 September 1973, the committee approved sketches and photographs sent by the 20 artists. This was an important event in the history of Turkish sculpture. For the first time, sculptors were able to create sculptures that were not monuments for public spaces. This supported the idea of modern sculpture in Turkey. The results of the project were 20 sculptures put up in public spaces in Istanbul. These sculptures were made by well-known sculptors, and were in their original style.

Many of the sculptures were lost, damaged or removed. Some of them were damaged only a few days after they were put in their place. "Güzel İstanbul" by Gürdal Duyar was thought by some traditional conservative people to be inappropriate. It was removed from Karaköy Square and eventually taken to Yıldız Park. "İşçi" by Muzaffer Ertoran was attacked. No one knows what happened to "Mimar Sinan" by Nusret Suman"." "İkimiz" by Namık Denizhan was removed because of damage. "Birlik" by Mehmet Uyanık was destroyed by a water compressor in 1986. "Yükseliş" by Bihrat Mavitran was destroyed to make more space for a road in 1984. "Yağmur" by Ferit Özşen was damaged and then removed. Many of the sculptures were abstract art. The abstract sculptures that got lost are: the one by Füsun Onur that was removed when Bedrettin Dalan was the mayor in 1985, the one by Seyhun Topuz that collapsed due to "natural causes" in 1984, and the one by Tamer Başoğlu which disappeared in 1986. The sculptures made by Yavuz Görey and Metin Haseki were probably stolen by scrap dealers because they were made of valuable metal.

In 2011, seven of the sculptures were cleaned and restored. This event was known as the "sculpture project". "Yankı" by Hüseyin Anka Özkans was made to look new again, according to what was reported. As of September 2011, there was a plan to restore the "Abstract sculpture" in Maçka, the "Bahar" sculpture in Emirgan Park, the Republic 50 Years Monument in Galatasaray Square, the "Dayanışma" sculpture in Fındıklı Park, the "Figür" sculpture in front of the Muhsin Ertuğrul Theater, and the abstract sculpture at Bebek children's park.


Negro Rebellion

The Negro Rebellion was a series of revolts and uprisings in Eastern Cuba. It began around May 20th, 1912 and ended in July. The rebellion was crushed by the government, with help from William H. Taft and the United States, and both leaders were killed in the war. This rebellion saw the formation of the 1st Provisional Marine Brigade.

The American military came in to protect American Companies in Cuba and saw combat there. Over 3,000 Afro-Cuban rebels were killed during the war, some estimates put that at 6,000 deaths. The government claims only 12 men were killed during the war. Some sources (such as Guillermo Lara) claim that 2,000 men were killed , but North American estimates put it at 5,000-6,000.

After the discovery of America, slavery was introduced and over 800,000 people were enslaved in Cuba, as Cuba was the largest Slave Hub. These were primarily Taínon and Guanahatabey peoples who mixed with the slaves from Africa, thus making Afro-Cubans. There was also a genocide against the Taínon by the Spanish. Evaristo Estenoz made the Partido Independiente de Color which was a party that wanted equality for Afro-Cubans in the sugarcane industry, as many of them were employed there. When the PID was first made, many Afro-Cubans supported the movement since it pushed for equality and better working conditions.

The Banana Wars were a series of wars, conflicts, rebellions and occupation by the United States between the end of the Spanish-American war in 1898 and 1934. The United States Army would usually fight there and the United States Navy sometimes provided support. They took place in Central America and the Caribbean, in these countries:

But on August 1st, 1934, Franklin D. Roosevelt pulled out all U.S soldiers in occupied territories. There was a manual of what to do in the wars called the "Small Wars Manual" which was written by experienced soldiers of the United States Marine Corps. This manual was also used in the War in Iraq by the 1st Infantry Division.

In 1895, the PID started the War of 1895 which was unsuccessful, but the PID regrouped in 1912 and also caused some unrest. As a response, the United States sent 688 police officers and marines to the Naval Base at Guantanamo base under Major George C. Thorpe. They garrisoned the Naval base and secured it in case of any further unrest. During the time they were there, the PID was arming themselves and getting ready for a rebellion.

Even though they didn't have many guns, they still had several hundred men, mostly peasants, and were lead by Evaristo Estenoz. Later, the rebellion had several thousand men. But before the uprising, José Miguel Gómez, the president of Cuba ordered that the party be disbanded under the Morúa law.

On the 20th of May, Estenoz and his rebellion fought the Cuban National Army. The fighting took place in Oriente Province, where most Afro-Cubans were. But there was also some fighting in Las Villas Province in the west, . At first, the rebels were winning against the Cuban National Army. The army was being pushed back. On May 23rd, the president José Miguel Gómez requested help from William H. Taft, the president of the United States.

On the 28th of May, the first United States Marines landed in Deer Point, Guantanamo Bay under Colonel Lincoln Karmany. The 1st Provisional Regiment of Marines had about 809 men. Once they landed they were ordered to meet up with Major Thorpe's battalion which was in Guantanamo Bay's Naval Base.

The Cuban government and news talked terribly about the rebels and started rumors and propaganda. The president ordered that his people to fight for "Civilization", and fight against "ferocious savagery." He also showed a picture of a "raped teacher" which was confirmed to be fake news and Cuban government propaganda by "El Dia" a conservative newspaper. 

"El Dia" wanted Cuba to copy the Jim Crow laws from the United States, which segregated black people and mistreated them, giving them less rights than a white man. They also argued that "dominated races do submit". But Afro-Cuban politicians were against this and were worried by the racism and anger that the rebellion caused. The reputation of Juan Gualberto Gomez, an Afro-Cuban, was also damaged because he wrote a manifesto against the racism.

On June 7th, the 2nd Provisional Regiment under Colonel James E. Mahoney landed at Guantanamo Bay. It had 1,292 men and officers. The 1st battalion landed in Havana, Cuba, on June 10th. The USS Mississippi also sent a detachment to El Cuero on June 19th. For the men that landed in Guantanamo, only one battalion was commanded. The rest were under Colonel Karmany, who took command of all unassigned troops and organized the 1st Provisional Marine Brigade.

In total, there were about 2,789 American men and officers in total in Cuba. Half of them were sent to occupy towns and cities and the other half was kept in Guantanamo. The Marines also guarded American sugarcane plantations, copper mines, railroads and trains that were owned by American companies. The Afro-Cubans attacked the Marines only one time, at El Cuero but they lost the battle and both sides suffered 0 casualties.

During June of 1912, Estenoz started losing a lot of land to the Cuban National Army, his rebels became less organized and many died. Before June there were about 3,000 men, but after it went to about 1,800 men. Some sources say that over 6,000 men were killed. President José Miguel Gómez offered peace to any rebels who would surrender by June 22nd, but Estenoz rejected this offer and continued to fight with a couple hundred men. Most other rebels surrendered.

Estenoz was killed on the 27th of June, after he was shot in the back of the head by soldiers in the Cuban National Army. After he died, the rebel factions became smaller. The most important faction of rebels was under Pedro Ivonnet, who escaped to the mountains and started to use guerrilla warfare. 
But he was pushed out of the mountains and surrendered on July 18th. He was killed when he tried to escape. At that time, the war was over.

After Estenoz died, President José Miguel Gómez announced that the Marines were no longer needed, and they started to withdraw from Cuba. They went from Guantanamo Naval Base to bases in the United States. The last Marines to leave Cuba left on August 2nd, on the USS Prairie.

The Negro Rebellion had other names used by the Government, people, rebels and the press. These were:

After the Rebellion ended and the United States Marines left Cuba, it was reported that between 2,000 and 6,000 people died, including civilians and combatants. The Cuban National Army said that they only lost 12 men. The PID was also dissolved because there was nobody to lead it. The Cuban government was victorious and the entire rebellion was put down. Those who didn't surrender were killed or went home.

1200 Afro-Cuban rebels surrendered but about 500 of them made it home. The bodies of both of the leaders, Ivonnet and Estenoz, were put in public to humiliate them. They were also buried in normal and common graves to not signify them or make them a public figure.


Supergroup

A supergroup is a musical group whose members are successful as solo artists or as members of other successful groups. The term became popular in the late 1960s for when members of already successful rock groups to recorded albums together, after which they normally disband. Charity supergroups, in which prominent musicians perform or record together in support of a particular cause, have been common since the 1980s. The term is most common in rock and pop music, but it has occasionally been applied to other musical genres. For example, opera superstars The Three Tenors (José Carreras, Plácido Domingo, and Luciano Pavarotti) have been called a supergroup.
A supergroup sometimes forms as a side project for a single recording project or similar purposes, with no intention that the group will remain together afterwards. In other instances, the group may become the primary focus of the members' career.

In 1974, a "Time" magazine article titled "Return of a Supergroup" said that the supergroup was a "potent but short-lived rock phenomenon" which was an "amalgam formed by the talented malcontents of other bands." The article acknowledged that groups such as Cream and Blind Faith "played enormous arenas and made megabucks, and sometimes megamusic", with the performances "fueled by dueling egos." However, while this "musical infighting built up the excitement ... it also made breakups inevitable."

"Rolling Stone" editor Jann Wenner credited British rock band Cream, which came together in 1966, as the first supergroup. Eric Clapton, formerly of rock band The Yardbirds and blues rock band John Mayall & the Bluesbreakers; Jack Bruce, formerly of jazz/rhythm and blues band the Graham Bond Organisation (GBO) and John Mayall & the Bluesbreakers; and Ginger Baker, formerly of the GBO, formed the band in 1966, recorded four albums, and disbanded in 1968. Guitarist Clapton and drummer Baker went on to form Blind Faith, another blues rock supergroup which recruited former the Spencer Davis Group and Traffic singer, keyboardist, and guitarist Steve Winwood and Family bassist Ric Grech. The group recorded one studio album before disbanding less than a year after formation. Also in 1968 Jack Bruce joined the Tony Williams Lifetime, composed of bassist and vocalist Bruce, and three famous Miles Davis alumni: drummer Tony Williams, guitarist John McLaughlin, and keyboardist Khalid Yasin (né Larry Young).

The term may have come from the 1968 album "Super Session" with Al Kooper, Mike Bloomfield, and Stephen Stills. The coalition of Crosby, Stills & Nash (later Crosby, Stills, Nash & Young) in 1969 is another early example, given the success of their prior bands (The Byrds, Buffalo Springfield, and The Hollies respectively).

Sherri Stoner

Sherri Lynn Stoner or "Sheryl Stoner", "Sherri Stoner", "Sherry", "Boom-Boom" (born July 16, 1959) is an American actress, writer, animator and voice actress is known for Slappy in "Animaniacs" and later shows. as a model reference of the 1989 film "The Little Mermaid" character Ariel. as of 2023, from par on voice acting in years.

Vinny Appice

Vincent Samson Appice (born September 13, 1957) is an American rock drummer. He is best known for his work with the bands Dio, Black Sabbath, and Heaven & Hell. His family is Italian. He is the younger brother of drummer Carmine Appice.

Appice joined Black Sabbath in 1980 after Ward left during the Heaven and Hell tour. He joined to help make the album "Heaven and Hell". He was the drummer for Sabbath after Bill Ward Later, when Ronnie James Dio left Black Sabbath, he and Appice cofounded Dio. In 1992, he rejoined Black Sabbath with Ronnie for the album "Dehumanizer". Appice has played music with many other bands.

List of first ladies of the United States

This is a list of women who served as the first lady of the United States.

List of sociologists

This is a list of sociologists.

















Rönesans Rezidans

 
<mapframe latitude="36.229974" longitude="36.149454" zoom="17" width="260" height="150" align="right" text="Location on İnönü Blv." />Rönesans Rezidans (Renaissance Residence) was a residential building in Ekinci, Antakya, that fell over in February of 2023 during the 2023 Turkey–Syria earthquake. It was the first luxury apartment in Hatay Province.

The building was built between 2011 and 2012. It was the home of generally more wealthy people in Antakya. It was kind of a luxurious residence. It was built by Antis Yapi, a company that was established many years ago. When it fell over during the first earthquake it might have trapped or killed at least 800 people. Rescue efforts looking for survivors are still ongoing. It was said that the structure of the building was strong, and that it did not collapse but it was instead tipped as Dr. Ahmet Ercan explains. The shockwave got bigger on its way from Gaziantep, where the epicentre of the first earthquake was. When the shockwave arrived in Hatay Province it had gotten so big that it caused much more intense and violent shaking of the ground in Hatay.

Architect/Engineer Yoshinori Moriwaki said that the building did not have friction piles which he says would have prevented it from falling over. The building did have a floating raft system. Geophysics Professor Ahmet Ercan said that the foundation of the building should have been deeper. He said that it looks 3 meters deep but it should have actually been about 10 meters deep.

The Ekinciler Belde Municipality gave the permits for the building in 2013. Lütfü Savaş said that the building was probably build correctly and followed regulations.

The building is the first residenz (Turkish: "Rezidans") in Hatay. It was built to be a home for families that are working in the growing border trade business in Hatay. Hatay is next to the Syrian border. The building was home to around 700 residents. Other people have said that almost 1000 residents lived in the building. The building is 12 floors high and has a total 249 homes, 2 shops. The building is divided into 4 blocks. The area that the building takes up on the ground is large.

The homes range from squared. The building had amenities such as a half Olympic sized pool, jacuzzi, gym, sports facilities, children's playground, a place for cars to park under a roof, secretary and reception services, walking and biking paths, wakeup service, shop, 24/7 security services and waterfalls. Mehmet Yaşar Coşkun was the Chairman of the Board of Antis Yapı when the building was made. He said that this project will "create an area where all kinds of social activities can take place". The need for parking spaces is answered inside the building. Keeping the cars inside keeps the outside without cars and free and open for activities to take place.

Building started in 2011 by Antis Yapı. The first of the building was started with a ceremony which was attended by: Hatay MP Sadullah Ergin, Hatay governor H. Celalettin Lekesiz, mayor Lütfü Savaş, chief constable Ragıp Kılıç and mayor of Ekinci municipalit Seyfettin Yeral. The plan was to finish building in April 2013. It was finished in 2012. The company Antis Yapı was started by the architect Mehmet Yaşar Coşkun and engineer Hüseyin Yalçın Coşkun.

The license for the building was given by the Ekinciler Belde Municipality in 2012 accordign to Lütfü Savaş.

The building was constructed onto a floating raft foundation. People thought the building can survive earthquakes.

The building fell over after the first earthquake of the 2023 Turkey–Syria earthquakes, which affected Hatay. People beliebe that there are 800 people under the building.

People got angry at the building because many older buildings that were close were still standing as of 17 February, while Rönesans Rezidans had fallen over. Dr.Ercan has explained that the concrete wasn't bad, but the foundation was not deep enough. Also the shockwaves of the first earthquake arrived in Antakya with a much bigger than was expected. According to Dr. Ercan, the disaster might not be the fault of municipality or contractor or the building inspection board. He says there needs to be a proper analysis of the situation that takes into consideration how exactly the earthquake waves affected the building. The investigation should be done by geophysics experts, and they should not rush to put the blame on anyone and also not rush to forgive anyone. However the rubble of the building was already cleared out by 24 February even though the building was cleared up it is still not known how many people died because of the collapse.

Lütfü Savaş who is the mayor of Hatay Province said that the building was built correctly and did what it needed to to survive an earthquake. He is confident that this is true because the architect was an idealist, and he was also a former president of the Chamber of Architects. He said that everyone will be questioned of course. It would be bad not to. They will look for anything that might be missing.

Professor of Geophysics Dr. Ahmet Ercan said that the shockwave of the earthquake had increased instead of reducing in magnitude when it arrived in Antakya. It had increased so much that it was more than gravity but in the opposite direction of gravity. This means that buildings were thrown up into the air from the ground and pushed sideways even if they were strong constructions. "Rönesans Rezidans" shows this. The building is knocked over but it has not collapsed. All the columns and beams look strongly attached to each other and show no sings of breaking.

A rule of thumb is that for every 5 floors above ground there should be 1 floor under the ground. It looks like the foundation floor is about deep, but according to the rule it should have been about deep.

Japanese Architect and Engineer Yoshinori Moriwaki also interpreted the collapse of Rönesans Rezidans. He said that the length of Rönesans Rezidans played a part in its collapse. A long building is fine but should use friction piles. Friction piles would have increased the price of the whole project by about 10%. The stakes would go all the way down to where the ground is more stable. He said that even though it fell over, there was actually not much damage to the structure. No matter how strong the building is, a bad foundation can lead to the building collapsing. According to some sources the building was constructed on a floating raft system which is a system used when the ground under a building is too soft for friction piles.

Moriwaki compared the relationship of architects and engineers in Turkey and Japan. He said that in Turkey the architect is very powerful. In Turkey for example the boss is an architect and the engineer works for the architect. In Japan however, since the 1995 Kobe earthquake and the 2011 Sendai-Miyagi earthquake/Fukushima disaster, Japan changed the system to give more power to the engineers.

According to some reports residents were already worried about the buildings structure before it collapsed.

The roughly 250 residential units of the building was a home to 700-1000 people. They were generally the more wealthy residents of Antakya.

Members of the Hatayspor team were living in the building. Team manager Volkan Demirel also previously lived in the building and two of his neighbors died. Player Christian Atsu and technical director Taner Savut were Hatayspor members under the wreckage. A thermal imaging camera determined signs of life in the wreckage and it was reported that Atsu had been rescued but that Savut is still missing, later it was later reported that Atsu is also still missing. Atsu might have been on the 9th floor when the building collapsed, his body was found by 18 February confirming his death. Taner Savut was also later identified and confirmed dead in a hospital in Adana. Handball player Cemal Kütahya along with his wife and kids, and educator Hülya Aydın were also missing in the wreckage. Kutahya and one of his sons have since been reported dead.

Many doctors lived in the building. Doctor Şebnem Turan Adıgüzel who was rescued from the rubble said that some of her colleagues had unfortunately died.

A Hungarian rescue team saved 12 people. Hungarian Firefighter Lieutenant Colonel Dániel Mukics personally rescued a resident named Selma from the wreckage at the 47th hour. He was part of a 55-person team. A team of 75 Turkish coal miners saved 40 people in the 7 consecutive days that they were at the scene. A team from China has also been working building. The Erzurum Search and Rescue Team (ERAKUT) who belong to the Erzurum Metropolitan Municipality Fire Brigade Department also arrived at the wreckage and were involved in the rescuing of a 9 year old boy.

The contractor of the building, Mehmet Yaşar Coşkun, was arrested at the airport in Istanbul. He was on his way to Montenegro where he said he was working on some other projects. He said his trip had nothing to do with the earthquake and that his trip was not an attempt to run away. He was sent to Metris Prison. The locations of the project manager İbrahim Dahiroğlu and the site manager Bayram Mansuroğlu are unknown. Coşkuns lawyer said that "the public is looking for a criminal, a culprit. My client was picked as this culprit". Coşkun said that the building was strong and had all the necessary licenses.


Platymantis lawtoni

Lawton's wrinkled ground frog ("Platymantis lawtoni") is a frog. It lives in the Philippines in Tables, Romblon, and Sibuyan Islands. It lives in rainforests. Scientists have seen it between 800 and 1200 meters above sea level.

A Force of One

A Force of One is a 1979 American action martial arts movie directed by Paul Aaron and starring Chuck Norris, Jennifer O'Neill, Ron O'Neal, Clu Gulager, Eric Laneuville, James Whitmore Jr, Clint Ritchie, Pepe Serna and Ray Vitte. It was distributed by American Cinema Releasing.


Cowboys from Hell (Pantera song)

"Cowboys from Hell" is a 1990 debut single from American heavy metal band Pantera. It is the title track from their fifth studio album "Cowboys from Hell" and also on their 2003 compilation album "".

Suffragette City

"'Suffragette City" is a 1972 song by David Bowie and was originally a B-side to the hit single "Starman". It was re-released in 1976 and taken from his fifth studio album "The Rise and Fall of Ziggy Stardust and the Spiders from Mars". It has been covered live by Red Hot Chili Peppers.

1972 B-side single

1976 A-side single

Ain't No Doubt

"Ain't No Doubt" is a 1992 song by English actor and singer-songwriter Jimmy Nail and is the leading single from his second studio album "Growing Up in Public". It topped the single charts in Ireland and the United Kingdom and also went to the top 10 in Australia, Belgium, Denmark, the Netherlands, New Zealand and Sweden. It also features Sylvia Mason-James.



Digital signage

Digital signage is a type of electronic sign that displays digital images, videos, text, and other content using technologies like LCD, LED, projection, and e-paper. These signs can be found in public places like museums, stadiums, and transportation systems and in retail stores, hotels, and corporate buildings. They are used for things like giving directions, displaying information, advertising, and entertainment. Digital signage is managed from a central location and can display different messages to different audiences.

Digital signage has many uses that can help a business achieve various goals. Some common examples are:

Kelvin Doe

Kelvin Doe (born October 26, 1996, in Freetown, Sierra Leone), is a Sierra Leonian engineer.

Born in a poor area of Freetown, Sierra Leone, Kelvin Doe is the youngest of five. The area lacked electricity and water, and it was so unreliable that the lights would only come on once a week. At the age of 10 he started collecting old devices and scrap metal to create something new out of it. He would do this by taking apart the old devices to see how they work, and then piece them back together as new inventions that came straight out of his mind. He built batteries and transmitters out of discarded pieces of scrap. Later he participated in GMin’s Innovate Salone idea competition, where he got to the finals and built a generator from scrap metal. He used the living room as his workstation where he built batteries for power lamps, and generators for electricity when it was not available.  

He made a radio transmitter and started his own radio station under the name DJ Focus. The inspiration for the name came from his belief that with focus, anyone can achieve what they strive for.  Kelvin was only 15 years old when he built the radio station, which he used to broadcast news, music and messages for peace and unity to his community. Kevin built the generator that powered the radio station. He built it of scrap metal, acid and soda. He later has continued to create and innovate. 
Kelvin now owns and runs his own tech company as a CEO. The company is called “K-Doe Tech, Inc” where he designs and sells consumer electronics.  

Kelvin has won many international awards. One of them is called “the presidential Gold Medal”. Because of his great accomplishments, he received an invitation to the United States. He was invited to participate in a program in the famous technology university called   The Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT). He is the youngest person to have participated at this program. 

Everywhere (Fleetwood Mac song)

"Everywhere" is a 1987 song by British American band Fleetwood Mac and was taken from 14th studio album "Tango in the Night". It went to number 1 in Belgium, number 2 in Ireland, number 3 in the Netherlands, number 4 in the United Kingdom, number 13 in South Africa, number 14 in the United States, number 29 in Canada, number 43 in New Zealand and number 45 in Australia. It was covered by Niall Horan and Anne-Marie in 2021.

7-inch and cassette single

12-inch single

Mini-CD single

Man on the Moon (song)

"Man on the Moon" is a 1992 song by alternative rock band R.E.M. and is the second single from their 8th studio album "Automatic for the People". It went to number 1 in Iceland, number 3 in Canada, number 8 in New Zealand, number 17 in Ireland, number 18 in the United Kingdom and number 30 in the United States. It pays tribute to Andy Kaufman.

All songs were written by Bill Berry, Peter Buck, Mike Mills and Michael Stipe except as noted.
US 7-inch, cassette, and CD single

UK CD1

UK CD2

UK 7-inch and cassette single

Saturday Night (Aaron Carter song)

Saturday Night is a single by American pop singer Aaron Carter. The song was a soundtrack for his 2005 film "Popstar". The song gotten RIAA's Golden Award. The video shows that Aaron with partying with his friends and invites the people who had hard time to the party with him. At the end, he made his cheography.

Every Other Day is a single by international boy band US5. It sounds exactly similar to Aaron's version. It was released as the A-side of "Too Much Heaven" (with Robin Gibb). Although the song did not make any fame, but the song is a nice hip-hop song.

List of volcanoes in Azerbaijan

This is a list of active and extinct volcanoes in Azerbaijan.


V (group)

V is a British five-piece boy band. It was formed by several auditions in Prestige in 2003. It disbanded in 2005.

The band released four hit singles. Their first single "Blood, Sweat & Tears" reached 6 in UK, second double A-side single"Can You Feel It"/"Hip To Hip" which reached 5 in UK & "You Stood Up" which reached 12 in UK. Additional single "Earth, Wind & Fire", released in 2005, is also one of the hits by the band.

Every singles make success with their studio album "You Stood Up".


U.S. Route 18

U.S. Route 18 (US 18) is an east–west United States highway in the Midwestern United States. The west end is at Interstate 25, US 20, US 26, and US 87 in Orin, Wyoming. Its east end is at Lincoln Memorial Drive in downtown Milwaukee, Wisconsin. The highway is long.

Georgia State Route 316

State Route 316 (SR 316), also known as University Parkway, or Georgia 316, is a state highway that is in the U.S. state of Georgia. It connects the Atlanta metropolitan area with Athens and the University of Georgia.

Washington State Route 509

State Route 509 (SR 509) is a state highway in the U.S. state of Washington. The highway goes from Interstate 705 in Tacoma in Pierce County to SR 99 in Seattle in King County.

Marilynne Robinson

Marilynne Summers Robinson (born November 26, 1943) is an American novelist and essayist. 

Robinson has won many honors for her writing. Her novel "Gilead", for example, has won the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction and the National Book Critics Circle Award for Fiction. In 2012, President Obama gave her the National Humanities Medal.



Tom Sizemore

Thomas Edward Sizemore Jr. (; November 29, 1961 – March 3, 2023) was an American actor. He was born in Detroit, Michigan. His career began in 1989.

Sizemore is known for his supporting roles in "Born on the Fourth of July" (1989), "Harley Davidson and the Marlboro Man" (1991), "Passenger 57" (1992), "True Romance" (1993), "Natural Born Killers" (1994), "Strange Days" (1995), "Heat" (1995), "Saving Private Ryan" (1998), "Red Planet" (2000), "Black Hawk Down" (2001) and "Pearl Harbor" (2001).

On February 18, 2023, Sizemore was hospitalized in Los Angeles, California for a ruptured brain aneurysm. A week later, it was announced that doctors did not believe he would survive. At the time of this announcement, Sizemore was in a coma and had a stroke. He died on March 3, 2023, at the age of 61.

Biosphere 2

Biosphere 2 is a 3.14-acre (1.26-hectare) place of research in the United States.

It is a closed ecological system located in Oracle, Arizona. It was designed as a technological system to explore the complex web of interactions within a closed ecological system. The facility consists of five biomes—a tropical rainforest, an ocean with a coral reef, a grassland savanna, a fog desert, and a mangrove wetlands—each of which is an independent and self-sustaining ecosystem. The facility was built between 1987 and 1991 and was sealed from the outside environment and stocked with 3,800 species of plants and animals, including humans, and was intended to be a self-sustaining system for two years. After two years of operation, it was opened to the public in 1993. The experiment ended in 1994, but the facility remains open for research and educational uses. Biosphere 2 continues to be used to research the effects of climate change and other environmental issues, as well as to help build a better understanding of how closed ecological systems work and how they can be used to address global problems.

Washington State Route 516

State Route 516 (SR 516) is a state highway in the U.S. state of Washington. The highway goes from SR 509 in Des Moines to SR 169 in Maple Valley. SR 516 meets Interstate 5 (I-5) in Kent.

Washington State Route 515

State Route 515 (SR 515) is a state highway in the U.S. state of Washington in King County. The highway goes from SR 516 in Kent to SR 900 in Renton. The highway is long.

SR 515 meets with Interstate 405 also in Renton.

Sommafiume

Sommafiume is a locality in the "comune" (municipality) of Sueglio, in the Province of Lecco in the Italian region of Lombardy, in the eastern shore of Lake Como, above Dorio, border with the localities of Vermicino and Lavare, Monte Lete and Monte Piazzo and Roccoli Lorla.

The view from Sommafium allows you to see Sasso Manduino, Legnoncino, Novate Mezzola and Val Chiavenna, Val Masino and Monte Disgrazia.

In Sommafiume there is the Church of the Assumption, Lake Artesso and the refuge of Bellano in the nearby town of Roccoli in Artesso-letee.

Platymantis rabori

Rabori's forest frog ("Platymantis rabori") is a frog. It lives in the Philippines on Bohol, Leyte, and Mindanao Islands. Scientists have seen it between 300 and 1400 meters above sea level.

Platymantis banahao

The Banahao forest frog ("Platymantis banahao") is a frog. It lives in the Philippines. Scientists have seen it between 700 and 1700 meters above sea level.

Panay forest frog

The Panay forest frog ("Platymantis panayensis") is a frog. It lives in the Philippines on Bohol, Leyte, and Mindanao Islands. Scientists have seen it between 400 and 1750 meters above sea level in cloud forests on Panay Island.

Friends (Marshmello and Anne-Marie song)

"Friends" (stylized in all caps) is a 2018 song by Marshmello and Anne-Marie. It is the fifth single from Anne-Marie's debut studio album "Speak Your Mind". It topped the single charts in Austria, Czech Republic, Germany, Hungary, Israel, Luxembourg, Malaysia, the Netherlands, Romania, Russia, Singapore and Slovakia. It also went to the top twenty in Australia, Belgium, Canada, Croatia, Denmark, El Salvador, Estonia, Finland, France, Greece, Ireland, Lebanon, New Zealand, Norway, Paraguay, Portugal, Scotland, Slovenia, South Korea, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, the United Kingdom and the United States.








Never Say Never (Romeo Void song)

"Never Say Never" is a 1982 song by new band Romeo Void and is one of their best known songs. It was taken from their 1982 album "Benefactor". It went to number 27 in the Billboard Mainstream Rock charts and was covered by Queens of the Stone Age for their 2000 album "Rated R".

All tracks by Debora Iyall, Peter Woods, Frank Zincavage, Benjamin Bossi and Larry Carter.

Popeye (video game)

Some sources claim that did programming work on the game. The game was licensed by Atari, Inc., for the United Kingdom and Ireland. 
Nintendo ported to the Famicom console system. published for other home console system (except for Arcade). A spin-off "Popeye no Eigo Asobi", is similiar to "Donkey Kong Jr. Math", was released for Famicom on November 22, 1983.

Brook silverside

The brook silverside ("Labidesthes sicculus") is a North American species of Neotropical silverside. The brook silverside lives in slow moving rivers and lakes from the Great Lakes to the Mississippi River. The brook silverside survives best in clear water with aquatic vegetation. The brook silverside occupies freshwater lakes, ponds, quiet pools and small rivers.

The brook silverside breeds in the summer from late May to mid-August. Their life span is only one year. During the first year, they have rapid growth, growing up to one millimeter per day. Brook silversides quickly reach a maximum size of approximately eight centimeters. 

They reach sexual maturity by the first summer in order to reproduce. Some studies report that brook silversides reproduce by internal fertilization, although this has not been entirely confirmed. When the eggs are produced, they have an attached filament, which allows for the eggs to be deposited on wood, plants and rocks. 

Temperature does not affect the sex of fish. After the eggs hatch, they immediately swim away from the shore into deeper water, but still stay just under the surface. They congregate in large schools. The brook silverside migrates throughout its life cycle. No human-induced changes are reported as affecting the life history. Human-induced changes are reported as more strongly affecting populations rather than behaviors.

Human intervention through species introduction, habitat alteration, pollution, and construction are causing the decline of the brook silverside and other freshwater fishes. Freshwater fishes account for the majority of extinctions in ray-finned fishes. To stabilize and increase populations, no more dams or waterways should be built. Additionally, pollution must be stopped. Agricultural runoff creates turbid waters, which the brook silverside cannot thrive in. Stream sampling occurs through organizations such as USFWS and TVA (locally). This allows for populations to be monitored and stream chemistry to be controlled. Over-fishing and hybridization aren't causing brook silverside populations to decline. Invasive species and habitat destruction have the greatest impact on population decline. Areas are being reserved for the preservation of endemic fish, but more must still be done.




Neotropical silverside

The Neotropical silversides are a family, the Atherinopsidae, of fishes in the order Atheriniformes. They also include the brook silverside. About 112 species in 13 genera are distributed throughout the tropical and temperate waters of the New World, including both marine and freshwater habitats.


Atheriniformes

The Atheriniformes, also known as the silversides, are an order of ray-finned fishes that includes the Old World silversides, the Neotropical silversides, and several less-familiar families. The only prehistoric silverside is "Palaeoatherina". You can find them in tropical and temperate marine and freshwater environments.

Nelson 2016 classifies the families as follows:




Lunar time

Lunar time refers to the time on a clock on the moon. As of early 2023, there is no standard lunar time. Instead, the time on the moon is different for each country involved. Thus, American activities on the moon run on an American time zone, and Chinese activities on the moon run on China Standard Time. As more countries are active in the moon and interact with each other, a different, unified system will be needed.

The European Space Agency has proposed a lunar reference time for the moon to solve this issue. 

SC Bewegung XX

The SC Bewegung XX was an Austrian football club from Brigittenau district in Austrias capital Vienna. Brigittenau is the 20th district of Vienna. From 1922 to 1946 the club played almost continuously for 22 seasons in the second highest league, the second class or II. Liga.

The club was was founded in 1913. They began to play in the championship after the end of the First World War. 1922 they were promoted to the 2nd class. The Bewegungs-XX-Platz was renovated and opened in April with a 1:4 against first division club Wiener Sport-Club. The team was able to play for promotion to the first class right from the start (1922/23 they finished second , 1923/24 third). An important member of the team was Friedrich Gschweidl. He played later for the Wunderteam.

1924 professionalism was introduced for the first two levels. Bewegung XX decided to go into the highest amateur league. After reaching the title there, they chose to return to the second league. The club took part in this league without interruption up to the 1936/37 season. In April 1934 they changed the name to "Brigittenauer AK". 1937 they were relegated but promoted again in 1938. The BAK finally had to enter into a syndicate with SV Eis Wien in 1942 to continue playing. 

After the end of the Second World War in the 1945/46 season they were relegated to the third division. They stopped playing championship soon after that.

Cancer (genus)

Cancer is a genus of marine crabs in the family Cancridae. It includes eight extant species and three extinct species. The genus is named after a disease called cancer.

Sarah Haoda Todd

Sarah Haoda Todd is a Papua New Guinean fashion designer and activist. Her design motto is: "Wear your culture." The clothing she designs uses textiles from her own part of Papua New Guinea. It shows the culture of her home. She also is an activist. She works to protect women and children from violence. She is a founder and leader of Women Arise. Women Arise is an organization that fights against violence affecting women and children.

Haoda Todd studied Management at Divine Word University, PNG. She then completed the Executive Master of Business Administration program at Papua New Guinea University of Technology.

Haoda Todd first worked as an executive assistant. She helped high-level managers in a mining company organize their work. She then worked as an assistant to an advertising manager.

In 1997, Haoda Todd started a cleaning service. It was called Lae Everclean, because she lived in Lae City. She wanted to start laundry and dry cleaning service. Haoda Todd could not get a small business loan. So it was too expensive to start a dry cleaning business. Her mentor, Ron Werner, said that she could "clean toilets and buildings" for less money. Lae Everclean grew into a big cleaning and laundry service. It cleaned for many companies, for example: SP Brewery Lae and Nambawan Super Ltd in Port Moresby. In 2008, she expanded Lae Everclean to Port Moresby. By 2013, Lae Everclean had over 350 employees.

Haoda Todd got the Westpac Women in Business Award in 2011. Westpac gave women awards in five different categories. Haoda Todd won the Entrepreneur Award for leading Lae Everclean. Then, she was chosen from the five award winners to win the overall Women in Business Award.

In 2012, Haoda Todd founded PNGianKala (pronounced "Papua New Guinean color"). It is a clothing company. Haoda Todd says people should "Wear your culture." Papua New Guinean cultures and symbols from PNG inspire her designs. Her designs are also inspired by local styles like a traditional style of weaving called bilum, traditional tattoos, and Oro tapa. 

Her first fashion show was at an Indigenous Business Council meeting. She then had shows in Fiji, Indonesia, and Australia. PNG Fashion and Design Week showed Haoda Todd's work. European designers liked her work. She was invited to London Pacific Fashion Week in 2017 and 2018.

By 2015, Haoda Todd was managing business interests in PNG, Australia, Fiji and a number of Asian countries. Fashion retailer Jack's of PNG commissioned PNGianKala for an exclusive line of clothing in 2016. in 2017 Haoda Todd designed clothing honoring Susan Karike Huhume. Susan Karike Huhume designed the flag of Papua New Guinea.

In 2017 she was the only designer representing PNG. In 2018 she traveled with Anna Amos of AA Tribal and Alang Isaac of the Angau Angles. It was very difficult and expensive to travel and ship exhibits to London.

In 2017, Haoda Todd also helped to start PNGiankala Runway. PNGiankala Runway helps PNG designers raise money to travel to other countries. 

Haoda Todd helped start the Indigenous Business Council. 

In the19th century, Parts of Papua New Guinea had been colonized by Germany and then the United Kingdom. Then it was a territory of Australia from 1906-1975. It became an independent country in 1975. 

Now, only about ten percent of businesses in PNG are owned by indigenous people. Haoda Todd and other business people wanted to help indigenous Papua New Guinean people start businesses. In 2011, at the Indigenous Business Summit and Trade Expo, people from over 750 indigenous-owned businesses said they needed to make an organization to help indigenous people start new businesses and lead them well. 

In 2012, the Indigenous Business Council began. Running a business is difficult in PNG. PNG needs better infrastructure. This means there is not enough electricity. Roads are in bad condition. People do not know enough about technology. People do not know how to have businesses. It is hard to get a business loan from a bank. The Council trains people to run businesses. It protects indigenous owned businesses. 

The Indigenous Business Council had no money. Haoda Todd organized fundraisers to pay for the Council. The PNG government then gave the Indigenous Business Council US $500 million. 

Haoda Todd was Secretary of the Indigenous Business Council from 2011 to 2013.

Haoda Todd wants to build the PNG fashion industry. She hopes to help indigenous people become fashion designers.

In November 2011, Haoda Todd's home city of Lae had riots. Dozens of people died or got inured. One cause of the riots was sexual assaults on two women. Haoda Todd was angry that the government only chose men to try to solve the problem. She wanted women to help solve the problem.

More women were attacked. In 2013, Haoda Todd and Esther Igo started "Women Arise PNG." They met with the national Minister for Community Development, Loujaya Toni. Haoda Todd helped organize the "Walk Against Violence" rally held in Lae on Sunday 21 February 2016. She helped with fundraising so Women Arise could teach people about violence against women. She started #JusticeforMoanna after a woman was shot. She wanted the government, students, police, and the University of PNG administration to work together after a shooting of University of PNG students in 2016. She gathered supplies for families affected by an earthquake in the area in 2018.

Haoda Todd does more work to help her community. 

Because she wants to help people build businesses, Haoda Todd fights corruption. She was treasurer and on the Board of Directors for Transparency International PNG, in 2013–2014. She helped organize the Sir Anthony Siaguru Walk Against Corruption in 2013.

Haoda Todd has been a committee member of the PNG Red Cross, Lae Branch. She was a director on the Board of Habitat for Humanity, Papua New Guinea. She was also a director on TISOL Board (The International School of Lae). In 2019, Haoda Todd was a leader of the Morobe Health Authority (MPHA). 

Haoda Todd is a board member of the Angau Memorial General Hospital in Lae City. She wants people to have good health. She believes good health helps build the economy.

Haoda Todd has helped raise money for the hospital. She worked with the the Angau Angels. They organize fashion shows to raise money for the Angau Memorial General Hospital. She directed the Angau Angels Fashion Extravaganza. It showed clothes from PNG fashion designers. The seventy models in the show were young people who were born at the hospital or helped by the hospital.

One of the Angau Angels models is Alang Isaac. Isaac has modeled for PNGianKala in various countries.

Haoda Todd is from Poreporena, Port Moresby. She married Gordon Todd, on 23 July 2005. They live in Lae. They have five children.


Cancridae

The Cancridae are a family of crabs. The type genus of this family is "Cancer".

Kol HaAm

Kol HaAm was a daily Hebrew newspaper of the Communist Party of Palestine and its successor, the The Israeli Communist Party (Mki), which was published between the years 1937 and 1975. The ruling in the petition filed by the newspaper against its closure, known as the "High Court of the People's" (1953) constitutes one of the important formulations for the protection of freedom of expression in Israel.

"Kol Ha'am" began to be published as a monthly in August 1937 without a performance license. The newspaper identified with the policy of the Soviet Union and expressed full confidence in the Soviet regime, even during Stalin's time.

From 1942, Kol Ha'am began appearing as a weekly and following many public and legal efforts, the mandatory Ministry of the Interior granted a publication license to the newspaper. The first legal issue was published on December 20 1944.

The newspaper's editors over the years included the senior MK members: Shamuel Mikunis, Moshe Sana, Esther Wilenska, Meir Wilner and Zvi Breitstein. The poet Alexander Penn served as the editor of the newspaper's literary section for most of its existence. In the section, the works of young authors such as Hanoch Levin and David Avidan first saw the light of day.

In 1965, with the split in the MKI between the majority that took a critical approach towards the Soviet Union and the minority that remained loyal to the Soviet Union and founded the Rakha, "Kol Ha'am" remained under the control of the MKI, And the members of Rakh established a competing newspaper called "This is the way". After the split, MK remained a small opposition party, and the newspaper gradually faded until it was closed in 1975.

The newspaper did not support itself and its funding came from donations from members and friends of the PKP. The newspaper managed fundraisers to finance its activities. In the 1950s, recruitment quotas were distributed to different regions of the State of Israel, and the newspaper published how each region met the quota.

The newspaper's editors have been prosecuted several times for defamation. In September 1948, the newspaper accused a number of police officers of having tortured and murdered the communist activist Sioma Mironyansky in 1941, while he was serving in the Criminal Investigation Department of the Mandate Police. In response, the officers demanded that the editors of the newspaper be prosecuted for defamation Ma'ariv. However, after further examination, it was found that there is truth in the claims and an investigative committee was established to examine the circumstances of Mironyansky's murder. In February 1951, a trial was opened on charges of defamation against the newspaper's editors for an article from September 1949 in which the Prime Minister, David Ben-Gurion, was called a "traitor to the people", "pulling the American imperialism" and other nicknames. At the trial, Ben-Gurion claimed that the article was intended to harm Soviet Union-Israel relations. The defense attorney for the Kol HaAm argued, however, that the purpose of the trial is to suppress the Israeli Communist Party. In December 1951, the newspaper was accused of defaming the Minister of Police and inciting rebellion for an article published on July 8 1950. In July 1952 the newspaper was closed for a week because of censorship.

The Kol HaAm adopted the blood plot of The Doctors' Trial in 1953 and described in its headline the banned Jewish doctors as "a gang of murderous doctors in the service of American-British espionage". On this background, the government sought to ban the existence of MKI and, among other things, discussed the possibility of closing Kol Ha'am. In January 1953, the Minister of the Interior, Israel Pharmacist ordered the closing of the newspaper for ten days. according to a law from the British Mandate era that permits the issuing of a closure order to a newspaper that publishes things that may harm the public peace. The newspaper submitted a petition to the Beg 3 against the closure, but the High Court refused to issue a conditional order in the matter. In March 1953 the Minister of the Interior again ordered the closing of the newspaper for ten days, this time because of an editorial article under the title "Aba Ibn will go to fight alone", in which the newspaper appeared against the alleged statement of Ambassador Israel Abba Even, according to news that appeared in Haaretz, that Israel will place hundreds of thousands of soldiers alongside the United States in the event of a war with the Soviet Union. Among other things, the newspaper wrote: "We will increase our fight against the anti-national policy of the Ben-Gurion government which is permeated with the blood of the Israeli youth." This time the High Court issued a conditional order against the action of the Minister of the Interior and suspended the closure of the newspaper until the Kol Ha'am petition against the closure is investigated. The ruling on the petition, which became known as the High Court of the People's Voice, was published on October 16 1953. The ruling written by the Judge Agrant with the consent of the judges Moshe Landoi and Yuel Sussman, stated that freedom of expression is a fundamental right that is an inseparable part of democracy. The authority of the Minister of the Interior to close a newspaper on the grounds of public peace is limited to cases in which there is near certainty of a risk to public peace from the newspaper's publications. Referring to the case of Kol Ha'am, as well as the newspaper Al-Ittihad which published similar things and even issued a closure order against it, it was ruled that the published words are far from indicating a near certainty of a danger to public peace and therefore canceled the order the closing This ruling was a milestone in Israeli jurisprudence and law, in establishing freedom of expression as a fundamental right and as an example of the court's authority to cancel an action carried out by the executive authority in violation of a fundamental right if certain conditions are met, such as the test of near certainty.

In June 1953, three charges were filed against the newspaper for insulting the honor of foreign rulers. One of the charges was due to a scathing article against John Foster Dulles under the title "Know Foster Dulles, Know Your Enemy". Judge Benyamin Halevi dismissed the charge and subsequently the Attorney General announced the cancellation of the other two charges In July 1953, Habib Shiver's lawsuit against Kol Ha'am for calling him a "fascist adventurer" and accusing him of selling in the the black market a paper he received for election propaganda. Kol Ha'am won the trial and Shiver was ordered to pay legal costs to the newspaper.


Cubuk, Turkey

Çubuk is a town and district of Ankara Province in the Central Anatolia region of Turkey, outside the city of Ankara. Çubuk is a flat plain 35 km north of the city where Ankara airport is located. According to 2000 census, population of the district is 81,747 of which 76,716 live in the town of Çubuk. The district covers an area of 1,362 km(526 sq mi), and the average elevation is 1,100 m (3,609 ft).

Shoham

Shoham (, "lit." onyx) is a town (local council) in the Central District of Israel. The name relates to one of the 12 stones on the Hoshen, the sacred breastplate worn by a Jewish high priest (Exodus 28:20), similar to other nearby towns: Nofekh, Bareket, Leshem and Ahlama (the former name of Beit Arif). As of , Shoham had a population of . Its jurisdiction is 5,889 dunams (~5.9 km).

A plan to establish a town in the area that is now Shoham was first proposed in the 1960s, as an idea to establish a town for immigrants from South America. It was again proposed in the 1970s. However, residents of nearby moshavim wanted to build a rural community for the adult children of farmers in cooperative communities. In the early 1990s, Israeli Housing Minister Ariel Sharon put forward a new plan to create a town in the area. Construction began in 1993, when the first 300 homes were built. From then on, the town grew rapidly. By 1995, it had 3,100 residents, and by 2014, had reached a population of 20,000.

Shoham is a middle-class town, and residency there is considered a status symbol in Israel. In terms of average wages and the rate of high school students who complete their matriculation, Shoham residents rank well above the national average. Its residential areas primarily have single-family homes with yards and duplexes, although there are a few apartment complexes. According to "Haaretz", it has a small-town, community-oriented feel, but offers most of the services found in bedroom communities, including shopping centers, a high school, and a middle school. The environment is considered a top priority in Shoham, and each neighborhood has municipal gardens and green spaces. The town's parks and gardens cover over 400 dunams, and are dotted with sculptures. The town has a performing arts center, sports facilities, a public library, and a retiree center and activity club.

Mayors of Shoham:


In the 2009–2010 school year, Shoham ranked top in the country in percentage of high school students passing the Bagrut matriculation exams. In the 2014-2015 school year, 88.1% of high school students matriculated. About half of the municipal budget is dedicated to education.


Hello Jadoo

Hello Jadoo(안녕 자두야) is a 2011 South Korean animated everyday-life, comedy, and sitcom series, which about Choi Jadoo, the cheerful, playful, and energetic girl and Jadoo's friends, Kim Minji and Lee Yunseok.

Kashinath Shetgaonkar

Kashinath Anant Shetgaonkar also spelled as Kashinath Shetgaokar, was an Indian politician from Goa. He was a former member of the and represented the from 1963 to 1967. He served as a member of the .

Shetgaonkar had a son, Jayesh Kashinath Shetgaokar (born 1981) who is a politician and businessperson from , Goa.

Shetgaonkar successfully contested in the from the Pernem Assembly constituency on the Maharashtrawadi Gomantak Party ticket. He defeated Indian National Congress candidate by a majority of 1,273 votes. In the , Shetgaonkar was later succeeded by Bhalchandra Kinlekar of the same party.

Partido Liberal

The Liberal Party (Portuguese: "Partido Liberal", PL) is a political party in Brazil that purveys conservative liberalism. It has been the political party of former Brazilian President Jair Bolsonaro, since 2021.

Monad (functional programming)

Monads are a way of organizing code in functional programming languages. They provide a structure for handling complex operations that involve multiple steps or may fail at some point.

In simpler terms, a Monad is like a box that holds some value or computation. You can use certain operations, like 'bind' or 'map', to extract the value from the box, modify it, or put it into another box.

One of the benefits of using Monads is that they can help you write more readable and maintainable code, by separating the concerns of handling errors, side effects, and pure computations.

Some common examples of Monads in functional programming languages include the Maybe Monad for handling null values or errors, the List Monad for dealing with collections, and the IO Monad for working with input/output operations.

Washington State Route 900

State Route 900 (SR 900) is a state highway in the U.S. state of Washington in King County. The highway's west end is at Interstate 5 (I-5) in Tukwila. Its east end is at I-90 in Issaquah. SR 900 also meets I-405 in Renton. The highway is long.

Washington State Route 167

State Route 167 (SR 167) is a state highway in the Seattle metropolitan area in the U.S. state of Washington. The highway's south end is at Interstate 5 (I-5) in Tacoma. Its north end is at SR 900 in Renton. The highway is long. The highway meets I-405 also in Renton.

Great Ardra

King Arrada, also called Great Arrada, was a medieval king of what is now Benin.

Jeremy Ashton Houska

Jeremy Ashton Houska is an American author and professor living in Long Beach, California. He is currently the University of La Verne's director of educational effectiveness.

After graduating from the University of La Verne and California State University – San Bernardino, Jeremy went on to the University of Nevada, Las Vegas, where he obtained his Ph.D. in experimental psychology.

Houska served on the faculties at the teaching-focused liberal arts universities Concordia University - Chicago and Centenary University, where he placed a priority on the development of students' character and skills through opportunities for undergraduate research.

The highest honour given to graduate student instructors by the American Psychological Association, the Wilbert J. McKeachie Teaching Excellence Award, was given to Houska in 2009.

In 2020, his book "Success as a Psychology Major" was published

In 2021, Houska served as a WSCUC Fellow.

Washington State Route 520

State Route 520 (SR 520) is a state highway in the Seattle metropolitan area in the U.S. state of Washington. The highway's west end is at Interstate 5 (I-5) in Seattle. Its east end is at SR 202 in Redmond. The highway also meets I-405 in Bellevue. The highway is long.

The highway goes over Lake Washington using the Evergreen Point Floating Bridge.

Liurana

Liurana is a genus (group) of frogs in the family Ceratobatrachidae. It is the only genus in the subfamily Liuraninae.

There are four species are in the genus:


Washington State Route 522

State Route 522 (SR 522) is a state highway in the U.S. state of Washington that goes in the Seattle metropolitan area. The highway's west end is at Interstate 5 (I-5) in Seattle. Its east end is at U.S. Route 2 (US 2) in Monroe. The highway meets I-405 in Bothell. The highway is long.

Liurana xizangensis

The Xizang eastern frog or Xizang papillae-tongued frog ("Liurana xizangensis") is a frog. It lives in Tibet. Scientists have seen it between 3120 and 4100 meters above sea level.

Liurana alpina

The alpine eastern frog or alpine papilla-tongued frog ("Liurana alpina") is a frog. It lives in Tibet. Scientists have seen it between 2700 and 3200 meters above sea level.

Washington State Route 523

State Route 523 (SR 523, or 145th Street) is a state highway in the U.S. state of Washington. The highway's west end is at SR 99 in the cities of Seattle and Shoreline. Its east end is at SR 522 in the cities of Seattle and Lake Forest Park. The highway is long. The highway meets Interstate 5 (I-5) also in Seattle and Shoreline.

Liurana medogensis

The Medog eastern frog or Medog papilla-tongued frog ("Liurana medogensis") is a frog. It lives in China and India. Scientists have seen it between 2700 and 3200 meters above sea level in China and between 851 and 2500 meters above sea level in India.

Nanjing Metro

Nanjing Metro is a metro system in Nanjing. There are 12 lines now, and in total the lines are about 449.45 km long. The first line, Metro Line 1, was opened in 2005. 

<nowiki>*:</nowiki>


Washington State Route 524

State Route 524 (SR 524) is a state highway in the U.S. state of Washington The highway's west end is at SR 104 in Edmonds. Its east end is at SR 522 in Maltby. The highway meets Interstate 5 (I-5) in Lynnwood. The highway is long.

Liurana vallecula

The valley papilla-tongued frog ("Liurana vallecula") is a frog. It lives in Tibet. Scientists have seen it in exactly one place. Scientists have seen it 550 meters above sea level.

The adult frog is 14.6 to 20.4 mm long from nose to rear end. The skin of the frog's back is red-brown in color. This frog has a white belly with dark spots and other marks. This frog has dark stripes across its legs. It has no webbed skin on any of its feet.

This frog lives in Medog County, where human beings have changed the land. Scientists say this frog is in danger because the places it lives change too much.

Scientists named this frog "vallecula" in Latin for "lives in a valley." They named it He Gu She Tu Wa in Chinese and valley papilla-tongued frog in English.

Washington State Route 525

State Route 525 (SR 525) is a state highway in Snohomish and Island counties in the U.S. state of Washington. The highway's south end is at Interstate 5 (I-5) and I-405 in Lynnwood. Its north end is at SR 20 near Coupeville. The highway uses the Whidbey Island Ferry to get to Whidbey Island. 

Washington State Route 526

State Route 526 (SR 526), also known as the Boeing Freeway, is an east–west state highway in the U.S. state of Washington. The highway's west end is at SR 525 in Mukilteo. Its east end is at Interstate 5 (I-5), SR 99, and SR 527 in Everett. The highway connects to the Boeing Everett Factory. The highway is long.

Washington State Route 527

State Route 527 (SR 527, also known as the Bothell–Everett Highway) is a state highway in the U.S. state of Washington. The highway's south end is at Interstate 405 (I-405) in Bothell. Its north end is at I-5, SR 99, and SR 526 in Everett. The highway is long.

Human services

Core responsibilities of human services professionals include assisting individuals, families, and communities in overcoming their problems and helping them improve their quality of life and relationships.

The Human Services career cluster prepares learners for postsecondary credentials and careers in occupations that support the everyday functioning of society and individual well-being, including careers in social work, counseling, dietetics and nutrition, athletic training, cosmetology, aesthetics, and barbering.

This career cluster includes four programs of study: Human and Social Sciences, Dietetics and Nutrition, Cosmetology, and Barbering.

The Human Services Career Cluster is divided into three pathways: Counseling and Mental Health Services (Human and Social Sciences); Family and Community Services (Dietetics and Nutrition); and Consumer Services (Cosmetology and Barbering) 

The Human and Social Sciences and Dietetics and Nutrition programs of study careers have the strongest occupational growth and more job openings than training completers.

Washington State Route 528

State Route 528 (SR 528) is a state highway in Marysville the U.S. state of Washington. The highway's west end is at Interstate 5 (I-5). Its east end is at SR 9. The highway long. The highway uses two local streets: 4th Street and 64th Street.

Washington State Route 529

State Route 529 (SR 529, officially the Yellow Ribbon Highway) is a state highway in the U.S. state of Washington. The highway's south end is at Interstate 5 (I-5) in Everett. Its north end is at SR 528 in Marysville. The highway is long.

W. D. Snodgrass

William De Witt Snodgrass (January 5, 1926 – January 13, 2009) was an American poet.

Snodgrass was born in Wilkinsburg, Pennsylvania, in 1926.

During World War II he was in the United States Navy in the Pacific area . After the war, he was a student for seven years at the University of Iowa Writers' Workshop. Then he taught at Cornell University, Wayne State, Syracuse University, and the University of Delaware.

His first book of poetry, "Heart's Needle", won the Pulitzer Prize for Poetry in 1960. From 1977, starting with "The Fuherer Bunker", he worked on a group of poems that were written in the voices of important people in the Nazi period. This was a problem for some readers. But it was nominated for the National Book Critics Circle Award for Poetry.



Interstate 87 (North Carolina)

Interstate 87 (I-87) is an Interstate Highway in the U.S. state of North Carolina. The highway's south end is at I-40, I-440, and U.S. Route 64 (US 64) in Raleigh. Its north end is at US 64 and US 264 in Wendell. The highway is long. While a north-south highway, it will run more east-west.

In the future, I-87 will go from Raleigh to Norfolk, Virginia.

I-87 started as I-495 on February 20, 2013. The North Carolina Department of Transportation (NCDOT) asked the American Association of State Highway and Transportation Officials (AASHTO) to sign the interstate as I-495 as an auxiliary route of I-95. I-495 would have been long. The highway had an east end at I-440 and US 64 in Raleigh, and would have had a west end at I-95 in Rocky Mount.

On March 15, 2013, NCDOT asked AASHTO to make I-495 from I-440 to I-540, which is long, and Future I-495 from I-540 to I-95, which is long.

On May 23, 2017, AASHTO allowed NCDOT to remove I-495 and Future I-495. They were replaced by I-87 and Future I-87.

Windows Forms

Windows Forms, more commonly known as Winforms, is a free and open-source GUI library for .NET. Windows Forms provides GUI elements to help developers easily create client-side GUI Applications.

At a Microsoft Connect event on December 4th, 2018, it was announced that Windows Forms, with WPF and WinUi would be released open source. This also allowed for forks to be created, as well as attempts at creating a cross-platform version of the library.

1935–36 Austrian Cup

The 1935- 36 Austrian Cup was Austria's football cup competition. FK Austria Wien were the defending champions.

With the participation of the 1935 autumn champions from the federal states of Upper Austria and Styria, as well as the two teams from Lower Austria that were leading in the autumn of 1935, an Austrian Cup was held for the first time instead of the previous Vienna Cup.


 

Rudolf Zöhrer – Karl Andritz, Walter Nausch, Karl Adamek, Johann Mock, Karl Gall, Franz Riegler, Josef Stroh, Matthias Sindelar, Camillo Jerusalem, Rudolf Viertl <br>coaches:R. Lang/Matthias Sindelar/Walter Nausch
Viktor Havlicek - Karl Rainer, Willibald Schmaus, Otto Kaller, Leopold Hofmann, Leopold Machu, Josef Molzer, Gustav Pollak, Friedrich Gschweidl, Wilhelm Holec, Franz Erdl <br>coaches: Otto Pöschl/Fritz Gschweidl

Hans Frankenstein

Hans Walter Frankenstein (* 1893 ; † after 1940) was an Austrian football player and referee.
Frankenstein played as goalkeeper and started at the Vienna Cricket and Football Club. After stints in Frankfurt and Offenbach, he returned to the Cricketers and then worked for Wiener AF, Meidlinger Sportvereinigung and SC Weiße Elf Wien. A serious knee injury ended his career as player.

From then on he worked as a coach and section head for the Weiße Elf. They were promoted to the second class under his leadership. From 1926 to 1938 he regularly was referee in the Austrian first division and also made numerous international appearances. Between 1929 and 1937 he led nine international matches and 14 games in the Mitropapokal. In Austria he was referee in the ÖFB Cup finals four times (1930, 1932, 1936, 1937).

After the annexation of Austria through National Socialist Germany 98 Jewish referees were excluded. Frankenstein was affected by this measure. At first he stayed in Vienna with his wife and two daughters. In 1940 he left home with them, probably for Bolivia.

Codex Sassoon

Codex Sassoon may refer to several different manuscripts or codices collected by David Solomon Sassoon.

Notable codices include:



Ma Aeint

Ma Aeint () is a Burmese filmmaker and writer, best known for her 2020 film, "Money Has Four Legs".

After the 2021 Myanmar coup d'état, the military junta jailed her on 5 June 2021 at Insein Prison, for her participation in "Money Has Four Legs". While in prison, interrogation authorities broke her legs. In April 2022, she was punished to 3 years of hard labour under section 505(a) of Myanmar's Penal Code.

Her punishment was attacked by PEN America and the international filmmaking community, including the International Coalition for Filmmakers at Risk, the Directors Guild of Japan, eleven South Korean film festivals led by the Busan International Film Festival, and Southeast Asia Fiction Film Lab. In September 2022, actress Julianne Moore led a flash-mob protest at the 79th Venice International Film Festival, calling for the release of Ma Aeint and other filmmakers in jail.

Te Awamutu

Te Awamutu is a town in the Waipa District of the North Island, New Zealand. It is 30 kilometers south of Hamilton on State Highway 3. It is birth place of Crowded House and Split Enz singers Neil Finn and Tim Finn.

Blastocyst

The blastocyst is a stage of development that occurs in most mammals. The blastocyst has two basic types of cells. One of them is called inner cell mass. This will form the embryo. The outer layer of cells will form the two membranes which surround the embryo. 

In humans, the blastocyst starts to form about five days after fertilization. About seven days after fertilization, the blastocyst attaches itself to the wall of the uterus. 

With in vitro fertilization, the fertilized egg gets transferred to the uterus. When this is done it is two to three days after fertilization. It is difficult to predict which eggs will develop best. For this reason, several are usually transferred to the uterus. Often this leads to multiple pregnancies (multiple eggs developing into embryos). When a blastocyst is transferred, five to six days after fertilization, this problem does not occur. It is also easier to transfer a blastocyst and attach it to the wall of the uterus.

Raditude

Raditude is the seventh album made by rock band Weezer. It was released on October 30, 2009. It was Weezer's last album with DGC Records, Geffen Records and Interscope Records.

Amazon MP3 Exclusive Version Bonus Tracks

International Bonus Tracks

iTunes Bonus Tracks

iTunes Pass: The Weezer Raditude Club Tracks (exclusive to the iTunes Pass)

"Can't Stop Partying", "I Don't Want to Let You Go", and "The Prettiest Girl in the Whole Wide World" were previously released in demo form on Rivers Cuomo's solo album "". Sugar Ray previously recorded the track "Love Is the Answer" on their 2009 album "Music for Cougars" with a guest appearance by Cuomo.

Illinois Route 154

Illinois Route 154 (IL 154) is an east–west state highway in the U.S. state of Illinois. Its west end is at IL 3 and IL 159 in Red Bud. Its east end is at IL 37 in Whittington. The highway is long.

Georgia State Route 53

State Route 53 (SR 53) is a state highway in the U.S. state of Georgia. The highway's west end is at U.S. Route 411 (US 411) and Alabama State Route 25 at the Alabama state line near Cave Spring. Its east end is at US 129 Bus./US 441 Bus./SR 15/SR 24 Bus. in Watkinsville. The highway is long.

Interstate 985

Interstate 985 (I-985) is an auxiliary Interstate in the U.S. state of Georgia. I-985 is also known as the Sidney Lanier Parkway, named after Sidney Lanier. Its south end is at I-85 in Suwanee. Its north end is at U.S. Route 23 (US 23) in Gainesville. The highway is long. 

I-985 is the second-highest numbered Interstate, with I-990 in New York being higher.

UGG (brand)

UGG is an American company. It is known for sheepskin boots. UGG was founded in 1978 by Australian surfer Brian Smith in Santa Monica, California.

UGG makes footwear, ready-to-wear clothing and accessories.

UGG has caused some controversy with several celebrities. In particular, when Pamela Anderson recognized the brands were made with sheepskin, she spoke out against them in 2007.

Capri (color)

Capri, also known as deep sky blue, is a shade of blue, it is in between sky blue and cerulean

Mona Van Duyn

Mona Jane Van Duyn (May 9, 1921 – December 2, 2004) was an American poet.

Van Duyn was born in Waterloo, Iowa. She earned a BA from Iowa State Teachers College and an MA from the University of Iowa. 

Her book, "To See, To Take" won the National Book Award in 1971. She won the Pulitzer Prize for Poetry in 1991 for "Near Changes". From 1992 to 1993, she the first woman to serve as United States Poet Laureate. 



Palaeoatherina

Palaeoatherina is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish.

It may have resembled the brook silverside. It resembles an eel or a sardine in some drawings. We don't know what it looks like. It was a slender ray-finned fish. It was long but shorter than an eel. 

"Palaeoatherina" is a prehistoric atheriniform fish. It is not assigned to any family, and is only assigned to the order Atheriniformes. Some people think it is assigned to orders like Perciformes, Labriformes, Clupeiformes, Esociformes, or Osmeriformes.



Tyreek Hill

Tyreek Hill (born March 1, 1994) is an American Football Wide Receiver for the Miami Dolphins. Originally drafted by the Kansas City Chiefs in 2016, Hill has had a successful career, with one Super Bowl win and being a 4-time All-Pro. One of the fastest players in the NFL, reaching a top speed of over 20 mph in a game.

Tokomaru Bay

Tokomaru Bay is a small beachside community on the isolated in the East Coast of the North Island. It is 91 kilometers north of Gisborne on State Highway 35. It has three small schools in the area.

Unlimited Tomorrow

Unlimited Tomorrow is an Rhinebeck-based American company that manufactures low-cost, high-quality robotic limbs.
The low-cost prosthetic effort was started by Easton LaChappelle, an entrepreneur who founded Unlimited Tomorrow when he was 17. LaChappelle eventually met author/business strategist Tony Robbins, who gave him the initial starting capital to create Unlimited Tomorrow in 2014.

The company ran a crowdfunding campaign in 2018 and it raised $1.6 million from 1,200 investors in 30 days.

TrueLimb is a bionic arm and it was launched in 2020.
The prosthetic is controlled using muscles within the residual limb. The arms are made with dozens of sensors, an Arm M4 processor and rigid skin produced on a 3D printer. The prosthetic arm can be 3D scanned, match the other arm identically, and comes in 450 different skin tones. A traditional device can cost up to $80,000 but a TrueLimb costs $8,000, largely because there's no middleman involved.

In 2022-20023, the company helped raise nearly $370,000 on GoFundMe to provide upper-limb prostheses to Ukrainians.


Petalodontidae

Petalodontidae is an extinct family of cartilaginous fish related to the modern-day chimaera, found in what is now the United States of America and Europe. With a very few exceptions, they are known entirely from teeth.

Petalodontids belong to the order Petalodontiformes, an order of prehistoric fishes. Petalodontidae is the most popular family of the Petalodontiformes. The type genus is "Petalodus".

Arrowtown

Arrowtown (Māori: "Haehaenui") is a historic town in the Queenstown-Lakes District in the South Island, New Zealand. It is 19.5 kilometers east of Queenstown and is located near State Highway 6 and Lake Hayes. It has well preserved buildings dating back to European and Chinese goldminers.

Seychelles presidential election 2020

In the 2020 presidential election the people of the Seychelles elected Wavel Ramkalawan as their president.

Kihikihi

Kihikihi is a small town in the Waikato Region of the North Island. It is located on State Highway 3 and is 5 kilometers south of Te Awamutu. The town's outer rim has been swallowed up by Te Awamutu with the golf course located in between the towns. It has a primary school in the town.

My Criminal Record

My Criminal Record is the 19th studio album by Australian singer Jimmy Barnes and was released on 31 May, 2019. It went to number 1 in Australia and number 3 in New Zealand. It was his 12th number 1 album in Australia beating the record held by Madonna and U2. It was nominated for best album at the ARIA Music Awards in 2019.


Deluxe edition bonus tracks:

HL Tauri

HL Tauri (abbreviated HL Tau) is a very young star in the constellation Taurus.

Apophenia

Apophenia is when people see a connection, or a link between two things that are unrelated. People who suffer from Schizophrenia often see patterns where there are none. Klaus Conrad first used the term, in 1958, when he talked about a patient suffering from Schizophrenia. Conrad used the term to describe a cognitive bias, which offten occurs during a psychosis. Apophenia is a special case of Pareidolia. 

Today, the term is also used outside a medical context. 

Smooth-skinned forest frog

The Tablas wrinkled ground frog or smooth-skinned forest frog ("Platymantis levigatus") is a frog. It lives in the Philippines on Tables, Romblon, and Sibuyan Islands. Scientists have seen it between 800 and 900 meters above sea level.

Momordica charantia

Momordica charantia is a tropical and subtropical vine of the family Cucurbitaceae, widely grown in Asia, Africa, and the Caribbean for its edible fruit. It is also called bitter melon or bitter squash. It is grown in Asia, Africa, and the Caribbean for its edible fruit. It is known for its bitter taste.

Brevicipitidae

Brevicipitidae or rain frogs are a family of frog species. They live in eastern and southern Africa. As of 2020, scientists say there are 37 species in 5 genera in Brevicipitidae. Scientists used to think of Brevicipitidae as a subfamily in the family Microhylidae (narrow-mouth frogs). By studying phylogenetics, the scientists changed their minds. Now they think brevicipitine frogs are their own family. Their closest relatives are the frogs in family Hemisotidae (shovelnose frogs).

Most adult brevicipitine frogs are not easy to see. They dig into the soil or dead leaves. Sometimes, some of these frogs climb trees. In most of these frogs, the adult female frog is much bigger than the adult male frog.

The frogs in "Breviceps" and "Probreviceps" do direct development. That means their eggs hatch into in small frogs. They are never tadpoles. When it is time for the male frog to fertilize the female frog's eggs, frogs in "Breviceps" "glue" themselves together using sticky chemicals from the holocrine glands on their bellies and backs. The frogs lay small clutches of 13–56 eggs (4–8 mm diameter not including the protective capsule). Sometimes, the frog digs a burrow, or hole, for the eggs. In some species, one parent stays near the eggs.


Spelaeophryne

Spelaeophryne methneri is a species of frog in the family Brevicipitidae. It is the only species in the genus Spelaeophryne.
It lives in Tanzania. Scientists think it might live in Malawi too but they are not sure.
It lives ins subtropical and tropical forests and savanna grasslands.

Cartel (band)

Cartel is an American rock band from Conyers, Georgia, United States that formed in 2003.

Cartel stated artists like The All-American Rejects, The Offspring, Green Day, Bowling for Soup, The Clash, Smash Mouth, Pierce the Veil, Goo Goo Dolls, 3 Doors Down, Foo Fighters, MxPx, Nirvana, Simple Plan, Sum 41, Living Colour, Deftones, Blink-182, AC/DC, Bush, Soundgarden, Anarbor, Jimmy Eat World, Everclear, The Ataris and Guns N' Roses as influences.


Michael Dapaah

Michael Dapaah (born 10 August 1991) is a British actor, rapper, and comedian. He is also known as Big Shaq (or Roadman Shaq). In 2017, he made his mockumentary "SWIL" (Somewhere in London). The mockumentary focuses on four characters and their journey to success. His novelty song "Man's Not Hot" saw commercial success. It went to number three (meaning it is popular, but not popular enough to get to number one) on the UK Singles Chart. The song has been certified platinum in the United Kingdom by the BPI.

Dapaah was born in Croydon, London, to immigrants from Ghana.

Robert Lowell

Robert Traill Spence Lowell IV (March 1, 1917 – September 12, 1977) was an American poet.

Lowell was born in 1917 into one of Boston’s oldest families. He went to Harvard College for two years and then to Kenyon College. There he studied poetry with poet John Crowe Ransom and graduated in 1940. Then he studied at Louisiana State University. His teachers there were poet Robert Penn Warren and critic Cleanth Brooks.

Many readers and critics thought Lowell was "the most important poet in English of the second half of the twentieth century." In 1947 and 1948, he was the sixth Consultant in Poetry to the Library of Congress. He won the National Book Award in 1960 (<nowiki>"Life Studies"</nowiki>), the Pulitzer Prize for Poetry in 1947 (<nowiki>"Lord Weary's Castle"</nowiki>) and 1974 (<nowiki>"The Dolphin"</nowiki>), the National Book Critics Circle Award in 1977 (<nowiki>"Day by Day"</nowiki>), and a National Institute of Arts and Letters Award in 1947.

Lowell lived with bipolar disorder all of his life. He died suddenly in 1977. 



Poko (TV series)

Poko is a Canadian–American stop-motion series created by Jeff Rosen.

The show is about a young boy, his pet dog, and his toy monkey. Produced in Canada by the Halifax Film Company, Poko began production in 2003 and ended in 2006 after three production cycles. Poko is still broadcast in Canada on CBC Television in the Kids' CBC programming block, and was broadcast in Turkey on Yumurcak TV until the channel closed in mid-June 2016. It was narrated by actor and dancer Cory Bowles. In Brazil, it was narrated by the frontman of Capital Inicial, Dinho Ouro Preto.

The show was awarded the 2004 Gemini for Best Pre-school Program in 2003 and the Alliance for Children & Television (ACT) Grand Prize in 2007.

Anarbor

Anarbor is an American rock band from Phoenix, Arizona that was formed in 2003.

The band started playing together in Garrity's garage in the Phoenix community of Ahwatukee in early 2003.
Anabor stated artists like Third Eye Blind, Red Hot Chili Peppers, Smash Mouth, Billy Idol, Blackfire, Green Day, U2, Nickelback, Ziggy Marley, Sublime, Elvis Costello, Good Charlotte, Simple Plan, The Clash, Lenny Kravitz, Fishbone, Faith No More, Poison, Bon Jovi, Creed, Dashboard Confessional, Weezer, Live, Fall Out Boy, My Chemical Romance, Pearl Jam, The Police, American Hi-Fi, The All-American Rejects, All Time Low, Jimmy Eat World, Sum 41 and Blink-182 as influences.


Interstate 194 (Michigan)

Interstate 194 (I-194) is an auxiliary Interstate Highway in the city of Battle Creek in the U.S. state of Michigan. Its north end is at M-66. Its south end is at I-94. The highway is also known as the Sojourner Truth Downtown Parkway, named after abolitionist Sojourner Truth. The highway is long.

Royal Historical Society

The Royal Historical Society, founded in 1868, is a British organization promoting scholarly historical research in the United Kingdom and worldwide. They can use “FRHistS” as post-nominal letters after their names.

Agatha (movie)

Agatha is a 1979 British American historical crime drama movie directed by Michael Apted and starring Vanessa Redgrave, Dustin Hoffman, Timothy Dalton, Celia Gregory, Helen Morse, Paul Brooke, Carolyn Pickles, Timothy West, Alan Badel, David Hardgreaves, Sandra Voe, Yvonne Gilan, Tony Britton and Jan Harvey. It was distributed by Warner Bros.. It was nominated for an Academy Award in 1980.


Panderichthys

Panderichthys is a genus of extinct sarcopterygian (lobe-finned fish). It lived in the late Devonian period, about 380 mya. Possible tetrapod tracks dating back to before the appearance of "Panderichthys" in the fossil record were found. This suggests that "Panderichthys" is not a direct ancestor of tetrapods. It shows the traits which evolved during the fish-tetrapod evolution. 

Decreased oxygen in the atmosphere would have caused the oxygen concentrations in water to decrease. This would have caused any aquatic animal which could breathe air to have an advantage, and be more likely to thrive. 

In addition to its ability to swim in water, "Panderichthys" could also breathe air. Its strong pectoral fins might allow it to prop up its head in shallow water and take a breath.

"Panderichthys" is a 1.5–2 m (4 ft 11 in6 ft 7 in) long fish with a large tetrapod-like head that is flattened, narrow at the snout and wide in the back. 

In January 2010, "Nature" reported well-preserved and "securely dated" tetrapod tracks from Polish marine tidal flat sediments approximately 397 million years old. These fossil tracks suggest that a group of two meter long tetrapods lived in the fully marine intertidal or lagoonal areas on the south coast of Laurussia. This implies that "Panderichthys" is not a transitional fossil and represents its own adaptive morphology. Therefore, "Panderichthys" can only be a "late-surviving relic", showing traits that evolved during the transition from fish-like creatures to tetrapods, but whose date does not reflect that transition. The tracks "force a radical reassessment of the timing, ecology and environmental setting of the fish–tetrapod transition, as well as the completeness of the body fossil record". 

Hart, Michigan

Hart is the county seat of Oceana County, Michigan, United States.

West Branch, Michigan

West Branch is the county seat of Ogemaw County, Michigan, United States.

Murder at 1600

Murder at 1600 is a 1997 American action thriller movie directed by Dwight H. Little and starring Wesley Snipes, Diane Lane, Daniel Benzali, Dennis Miller, Alan Alda, Ronny Cox, Diane Baker, Tate Donovan, Harris Yulin, Nicholas Pryor, Pamela Salem. It was distributed by Warner Bros. and was a box office disappointment.


Ontonagon, Michigan

Ontonagon is the county seat of Ontonagon County, Michigan, United States.

Gaylord, Michigan

Gaylord is the county seat of Otsego County, Michigan, United States.

Rogers City, Michigan

Rogers City is the county seat of Presque Isle County, Michigan, United States.

Roscommon, Michigan

Roscommon is the county seat of Roscommon County, Michigan, United States.

Manistique, Michigan

Manistique is the county seat of Schoolcraft County, Michigan, United States.

Centreville, Michigan

Centreville is the county seat of St. Joseph County, Michigan, United States.

Caro, Michigan

Caro is the county seat of Tuscola County, Michigan, United States.

Cadillac, Michigan

Cadillac is the county seat of Wexford County, Michigan, United States.

North New Brighton

North New Brighton is a suburb on the northern side of Christchurch. It was originally known as North Beach until 1953 when the suburb was named North New Brighton. It has three schools in the suburb. It is located near the suburbs Parklands, Waimairi Beach, New Brighton and Burwood.

28 Weeks Later

28 Weeks Later is a horror thriller movie, serving as the sequel to "27 Days Later".

Volkswagen Group

Volkswagen (German pronunciation: [ˈfɔlksˌvaːɡn̩] (listen)),[Note 1] abbreviated as VW ([faʊˈveː] (listen)), is a German motor vehicle manufacturer headquartered in Wolfsburg, Lower Saxony, Germany. Founded in 1937 by the German Labour Front under the Nazi Party and revived into a global brand post-World War II by the British Army Officer Ivan Hirst, it is known for the iconic Beetle and serves as the flagship brand of the Volkswagen Group, the largest automotive manufacturer by worldwide sales in 2016 and 2017.[2] The group's biggest market is in China, which delivers 40 percent of its sales and profits.[3][4] Its name is derived from the German-language terms Volk and Wagen, translating to "people's car" when combined.

Salford City F.C.

Salford City are a club based in Salford. Salford is a major English City. They currently play in League 2 The 4th Division of English Football. Salford City are currently owned by many people such as David Beckham, Gary Neville, Phill Neville, and Ryan Giggs.

Charles, Duke of Vendôme

Charles de Bourbon (2 June 1489 – 25 March 1537) was a French "prince du sang" and a military commander at the court of Francis I of France.

Government of China

The Government of the People's Republic of China is an authoritarian one-party political system in the People's Republic of China under the leadership of the Chinese Communist Party (CCP). It consists of legislative, executive, military and supervisory branches. The head of government is premier, while the "de facto" top leader of government is CCP general secretary.

Francis, Count of Vendôme

Francis of Bourbon or François de Bourbon, (In a date range from January 7, 1470 to December 31, 1470 – 30 October 1495), was the Count of Vendôme and a French "prince du sang".

John VIII, Count of Vendôme

John VIII de Bourbon (1425 – 6 January 1478) was Count of Vendôme from 1466 to his death.

Louis, Count of Vendôme

Louis de Bourbon (Louis I, Count of Vendôme) (1376 – December 21, 1446), younger son of John I, Count of La Marche and Catherine de Vendôme, was a French "prince du sang", as well as Count of Vendôme from 1393, and Count of Castres from 1425 until his death.

John I, Count of La Marche

John of Bourbon (John I/VII, Count of La Marche and of Vendôme), (1344 – 11 June 1393, Vendôme) was French "prince du sang" as the second son of James I, Count of La Marche and Jeanne of Châtillon.

Kenneth Waltz

Kenneth Waltz (1924-2013) is an American political scientist. He created Neorealism in international relations (IR). He received his MA and PhD in political science from Columbia University in 1950 and 1954, respectively. He taught at Columbia University and the University of California, Berkeley. His book "International Political Theory" (1979) is one of the most influential and highly cited works in IR.

Hans Hoffman

Hans Hofmann (March 21, 1880 – February 17, 1966) was a German-born American painter. 

Hofmann was born in Weissenburg, Bavaria, in 1880. He started to study art around 1898. He moved to Paris in 1905.

In 1910 the Paul Cassirer Galerie in Berlin shows his paintings together with paintings by Oskar Kokoschka. In 1914 he and his partner, Maria Wolfegg, had to stay in Germany as World War I began. They lived in Munich. He soon started an art school and was able to avoid serving in the military.

Hofmann went to the U. S. A. in 1930 to teach painting at the University of California at Berkeley during the summer. He did this for two more summers. In 1932 he decided to stay in America. He moved to New York City and went on teaching painting. One of his students was artist Lee Krasner. She introduced him to painter Jackson Pollock and art critic Clement Greenberg.

In 1941 he became a U. S. citizen. In 1944 he had his individual first painting show in New York. It had good reviews.

From 1950 on, Hofmann was closely connected to artists who are known for their abstract art and the abstract expressionist movement in painting. Some of these artists were Willem de Kooning, Adolph Gottlieb, Robert Motherwell, Barnett Newman, Ad Reinhardt, and David Smith. 

In 1964, Hofmann was honored in several ways. He was a Juror for the Guggenheim International Award. He was elected a member of the National Institute of Arts and Letters. And he is given an honorary degree of Doctor of Fine Arts at the University of California, Berkeley.

When he was 85 in 1966, Hofmann died of a heart attack.

List of wars involving Vietnam

This is a list of wars involving Vietnam.

Healthcare in India

Healthcare in India is both public and private. 

The public hospital system is mostly free for Indian residents. The poorer people are covered by the National Health Protection Scheme. Those with monthly salaries are in the Employees' State Insurance. There are four main public health insurance funds: the National Insurance Company, The Oriental Insurance Company, United India Insurance Company and New India Assurance and there are private insurance providers. Employers must give their workers health insurance.

Plans started in 1944 to build a network of primary health centres to cover the whole country. By 1967 there were about 4000 but many had no doctor. At that time there were 85 medical schools. 

The Indian Medical Journal said in 1966 that quackery was common in the country. The 1961 Health Survey pointed out that traditional medicine did not deal with public health or preventative medicine. It had little to say about obstetrics or gynecology. 

Third Eye Blind

Third Eye Blind is an American rock band formed in San Francisco, California, in 1993.

Third Eye Blind's musical style has been described as alternative rock, pop punk, pop rock and post-grunge. The band stated artists like Foo Fighters, Camper Van Beethoven, Darius Rucker, Goo Goo Dolls, Jane's Addiction, Marc Bolan, Prince, The Beatles, The Police, Pearl Jam, Counting Crows, David Bowie, Huey Lewis, Lou Reed, Nirvana, Queen, The Clash and U2 as influences.


Võ Văn Thưởng

Võ Văn Thưởng (born 13 December 1970) is a Vietnamese politician. He has been the President of Vietnam since 2023. He is the youngest person to serve in this position since the government's founding in 1945. 

Between 1988 and 1992, he studied Marxist-Leninism at the University of Ho Chi Minh City, where he graduated with a Bachelor's degree. In 1999, he received a Master of Philosophy from Ho Chi Minh City University of Social Sciences and Humanities.

Blackfire (American band)

Blackfire is a Native American punk rock group.

Blackfire's influences include Green Day, The Clash, Aerosmith, Kiss, Nirvana, Lenny Kravitz, Soundgarden, Metallica, Poison, Mötley Crüe, Ramones, Black Flag, The Misfits, The Offspring, Social Distortion, Suicidal Tendencies, Bad Brains, Hüsker Dü, Meat Puppets, Goo Goo Dolls, Fishbone, Pennywise, Descendents, Buzzcocks, The Jam and INXS.



American Hi-Fi

American Hi-Fi is an American rock band formed in Boston in 1998.

American Hi-Fi stated bands like Everclear, Foo Fighters, Green Day, The Clash, The Offspring, 3 Doors Down, Nickelback, Godsmack, Hoobastank, Puddle of Mudd, Tonic, Staind, Bowling for Soup, Live and U2 as influences.


Coir

Coir, also called coconut fibre, is a natural fibre extracted from the coconut. It is made into rope, floor mats, doormats, brushes, and mattresses. It is found between the hard, internal shell and the outer coat of a coconut. It is quite waterproof, and resists damage by saltwater.

Paul Rand

Paul Rand (born Peretz Rosenbaum; August 15, 1914 – November 26, 1996) was an influential American graphic designer, best known for his corporate logo designs, including the iconic logos for IBM, ABC, and UPS. Rand was a pioneer of the modernist movement in graphic design and is widely regarded as one of the most important and influential designers of the 20th century. His work was characterized by simplicity, wit, and elegance, and he was known for his ability to distill complex ideas into memorable and timeless designs. Rand was also a prolific writer and educator, and his books, including "Thoughts on Design" and "Design, Form, and Chaos," are still widely read and studied today. Throughout his career, Rand was honored with numerous awards and accolades, including induction into the Art Directors Club Hall of Fame and the New York City Art Directors Club Hall of Fame.

Paul Rand was born as Peretz Rosenbaum on August 15, 1914, in Brooklyn, New York, to Jewish immigrants from Russia. He grew up in a working-class family and was the youngest of three sons. Rand showed an early interest in art and design, often drawing cartoons and designing posters for his school's events.

Rand attended the Pratt Institute in Brooklyn, where he studied advertising and illustration. During his time at Pratt, Rand became interested in the work of modernist designers such as Jan Tschichold and László Moholy-Nagy. He also studied the works of artists such as Pablo Picasso and Georges Braque, whose cubist style would later influence his design work.

After completing his studies at Pratt in 1932, Rand worked as a freelance designer and illustrator. He also studied at the Art Students League of New York, where he honed his skills in drawing and painting.

Rand's early influences, combined with his education in advertising and illustration, led him towards a career in graphic design. His innovative and minimalist approach to design would later make him one of the most influential designers of the 20th century."

Barrinha

Barrinha is a municipality in the state of São Paulo in Brazil founded on December 30, 1953. The population is 32,465 as of 2022 in an area of 146 km². The elevation is 505 m.

Zen Arcade

Zen Arcade is the second studio album by American punk rock band Hüsker Dü and released on July 1984. Originally released as a double album on the vinyl LP, Zen Arcade and subsequent albums by Hüsker Dü were instrumental of the creation of alternative rock genre. It is considered by some to be one of the best albums of the 1980s.

"Zen Arcade" was released on double LP, CD and cassette. CD and cassette releases of the album combine all the songs onto a single disc/cassette.

Needles, California

Needles is a small city in San Bernardino County, California. It is in the hot, dry Mojave Desert, on the west side of the Colorado River. Needles is across the river from Arizona, and about 12 miles from Nevada. It is along Interstate 40. As of 2020, 4,931 people live there.

Needles was named after a group of pointy rock columns, on the Arizona side of the river. These were called "The Needles". The town was founded in 1883 when people were building a railroad (the Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Railway). They needed a bridge to cross the Colorado River. At first, there was only a group of tents where workers lived. Soon, people built stores, restaurants, laundries, and saloons. Needles was the largest port, north of Yuma, on the river.

This was actually a bad place to build a bridge. The sides and bottom of the river were unstable. When the river flooded, the bridge broke apart three times – in 1884, 1886 and 1888. The railway decided to take it down. They built a new bridge ten miles to the south. This part of the river had a solid rock bottom. The new bridge was complete in 1890. 

Many people were starting to cross the country on railroads. A man named Fred Harvey decided to build restaurants and hotels near train stations. He built one of the first restaurant chains. The El Garces Hotel in Needles was one of his most famous hotels. People thought it to be the "crown jewel" of the Harvey company. Needles was a major stop on the historic U.S. Route 66 highway from the 1920s through the 1960s. For migrants from the Midwest Dust Bowl in the 1930s, it was the first town they saw in California. Needles has many motels and other shops from that time.

Hundreds of thousands of people visit Needles every year.

Mohave Valley, Arizona is across the river, on the east side. Las Vegas is about 100 miles to the north. San Bernardino, the county seat, is about 200 miles to the southwest. Havasu National Wildlife Refuge is about 18 miles to the south, on the river. The town is near the east side of Mojave National Preserve. It is even closer to Dead Mountains Wilderness.

Needles has a hot desert climate. At midday in summer, Needles is one of the hottest places in the United States and the world.

In July, the hottest month:

In December, the coldest month:

The highest temperature ever measured was , and the lowest was . On average, of rain falls every year. On August 13, 2012, rain fell in Needles when the temperature was . This may be the hottest rain ever measured on Earth.


Platymantis hazelae

Hazel's wrinkled ground frog or smooth-skinned forest frog ("Platymantis hazelae") is a frog. It lives in the Philippines on Tables, Romblon, and Sibuyan Islands. It lives in the mountains. Scientists have seen it between 600 and 1700 meters above sea level.

Brown, Louisiana

Brown is an unincorporated community in Bienville Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Cambridge, New Zealand

Cambridge is a town in the North Island of New Zealand. It is located 24 kilometers southeast of Hamilton. It has a population of 21,600 and making it the third largest urban area in the Waikato after Hamilton, New Zealand and Taupo. It has four primary schools, one high school and one private school in the area. It is the birth place of All Blacks great Colin Meads.

Downtown Train

"Downtown Train" is a song by Tom Waits and taken from his ninth studio album "Rain Dogs". In 1989 it was covered by Rod Stewart and topped the single charts in Canada. It went to number 3 in the United States, number 10 in the United Kingdom, number 13 in Ireland, number 16 in Finland, number 29 in Australia and number 30 in New Zealand. It also been covered by Patty Smyth and Bob Seger.

Geriatrics

Geriatric medicine, is a medical specialty which looks at the health needs of older adults. There is no fixed age for it to start. The most common thing is that older people often have more than one long term medical problem which cannot be cured and they become frail - losing weight and strength - and liable to fall.

Canker sore

A canker sore is a kind of mouth ulcer. These ulcers occur periodically, and heal completely. They are not contagious. The medical term for them is Aphthous stomatitis or recurrent aphthous stomatitis (RAS). The condition is very common. It affects about 20% of the general population. It often starts in childhood or adolescence, and lasts for several years, before it slowly disappears. There is no cure, but there are drugs that are mostly given to manage pain. 

Murder of Abby Choi

A 28-year-old Hong Kong woman named Abby Choi was found murdered on 24 February 2023. She was a model and internet celebrity. Police discovered her headless body at a village. They said some of her body parts were in a refrigerator and some of the parts had been cooked. Police said that there were 6 suspects had been arrested. They are Choi's ex-husband, her ex-parents-in-law, her ex-brother-in-law, the alleged mistress of her ex-father-in-law, and a 41-year-old man.

J. C. Bamford

J.C. Bamford Excavators Limited is a manufacturing company based in Rocester, Staffordshire.

It was started in 1945 by Joseph Cyril Bamford. It is famous for making mechanical diggers and excavators. 

India Post

India Post is the government-operated postal system in India. It was started under the East India Company in 1766. It is the largest Postal Network in the world.

In 2017 there were 154,965 post offices. They offer banking and insurance services as well as postal delivery. It runs the Postal Index Number system.

Jadaun

Jadaun is a clan of Banjara Rajputs. The Jadon Rajputs of Bulandshahr are also known as Chhonkar clan. of Bhadanaka kingdom.

Ugric languages

Ugric is a proposed branch of the Uralic languages.

Hungarian is an Ugric language. It is only spoken by Hungarians and a group of Russians in Ugra, northwest Russia.

Communization

Communization is the process of abolishing ownership of the means of production, which, in societies dominated by the capitalist mode of production, are owned by individual capitalists, states, or other collective bodies.

Distant Sun

"Distant Sun" is a 1993 song by Crowded House and is the leading single from their fourth studio album "Together Alone". It went to number 4 in Canada, number 5 in New Zealand, number 19 in the United Kingdom, number 23 in Australia and number 70 in Germany. It was covered by Brooke Fraser.

As the lead single from "Together Alone", "Distant Sun" was released in various versions internationally. All songs, including B-sides, were written by Neil Finn unless otherwise noted.

UK CD single

All live tracks were recorded at The Roxy, Los Angeles, 26 February 1987. "Distant Sun" and "Walking on the Spot" are from the "Together Alone" album.

"Disc one"

"Disc two"

Holland CD single

Netherlands CD single

All B-sides recorded live at The Roxy, Los Angeles, 26 February 1987 except "Walking on the Spot" which is the "Together Alone" album version.

Australian CD single

All live tracks were recorded at The Town & Country Club, London on 9 and 10 November 1991.

US CD single

Live tracks were recorded at Munich, Germany, 12 December 1993.

Perry Johnson (businessman)

Perry Johnson (born January 23, 1947) is an American businessman, politician and author. He has written books on topics relating to business. He is a member of the Republican Party. Johnson ran for Governor of Michigan in the 2022 election for the Republican nomination, but was disqualified. He briefly ran for President of the United States in the 2024 election.

Johnson was born in Dolton, Illinois. Johnson earned a degree in mathematics from the University of Illinois Urbana-Champaign, with a minor in economics. He also went to a graduate program for psychology at the University of Detroit.

Johnson has written multiple books on quality assurance, the process of creating a standard for the quality of a good or service. He has written books on multiple quality standards, such as ISO 9000, ISO 14000, and AS9100 for aerospace.

In 2021, Johnson announced his candidacy for the Republican nomination for the governor of Michigan. He launched his campaign for governor in January 2021. Johnson did not meet the requirement of 15,000 valid signatures necessary to appear on the ballot after it was found that 9,400 of the signatures his campaign submitted where invalid and fraudulent. 

On March 2, 2023, Perry Johnson announced his bid for president in 2024. He has filed paperwork with the Federal Election Commission to form a committee for his presidential campaign. Johnson also ran a Super Bowl commercial in Iowa for his campaign.

Johnson ended his campaign on October 20, 2023 and endorsed former President Donald Trump.

Dark Lady (song)

"Dark Lady" is a 1974 folk song by Cher and is the title track from her 11th studio album "Dark Lady". It went to number 1 in the United States, number 2 in Canada, number 4 in South Africa, number 9 in Denmark and Zimbabwe, number 10 in Norway and Sweden, number 11 in New Zealand, number 15 in the Netherlands and number 17 in Australia.




Pharmacy in the United Kingdom

Pharmacy in the United Kingdom has been an important part of the National Health Service since it started in 1948. Unlike the rest of the NHS, pharmacies are mostly privately owned. Those in hospitals are now often privately run.

Trade in drugs in the United Kingdom was first regulated by the Guild of Peppers from 1180. The Worshipful Society of Apothecaries was started in 1617. The Pharmaceutical Society of Great Britain was founded in 1841. The Pharmacy Act 1868 limited the sale of poisons and dangerous drugs to qualified pharmacists.

Medicine prescribed by a doctor was free at the start of the NHS, but later there were prescription charges, though many people do not have to pay them.

Boots UK Limited, now part of Walgreens Boots Alliance, has 2,232 shops across the United Kingdom with more in Ireland, Thailand and Norway.

Superdrug Stores plc is the second largest pharmacy chain behind Boots.

Lloyds Pharmacy ran about 1300, about 10%, UK pharmacies, and employed 17,000 people. In 2023 it sold or closed many of its branches and only had 138 pharmacies in October 2023. In November 2023 it announced that it was selling all its community pharmacy branches.

In 2023 there were 11,026 community pharmacies in England. 160 closed between 2021 and 2013. Costs had risen because of inflation. The Association of Independent Multiple Pharmacies says that there has been a 30% cut in government funding over the last seven years, after taking account of inflation. In Scotland pharmacies are paid for every consultation and they can do more prescribing than in England.

St Albans, New Zealand

St Albans is a large inner-northern suburb of Christchurch, New Zealand. It is the second largest suburb after Halswell. It has two primary schools in the suburb including a Catholic primary school and has Edgeware shopping centre located within the suburb. The notable residents include The Wizard of New Zealand and New Zealand's greatest bowler Sir Richard Hadlee.

Bromley, New Zealand

Bromley is a suburb in Christchurch and is situated near the suburbs of Linwood and Ferrymead. It has a primary school that opened in 1880 and was damaged in the 2011 Christchurch earthquake and was not red-zoned. It is industrial and sewage ponds out to the east and residential to the west.

Gao

Gao was the capital of the Songhai Empire. Other important cities in the empire were Timbuktu and Djenné, conquered in 1468 and 1475 respectively. Trade flourished in those towns.

Burhan Çaçan

Burhan Çaçan (17 October 1960, Ağrı - 12 January 2023, Istanbul) is a Turkish singer. He first became known with his song "Neden Geldim İstanbul'a" (Why I Came to Istanbul) in 1994.
He died on 12 January 2023 at the age of 62 as a result of a heart attack at his home in Istanbul. His body was buried in the Edirnekapı Cemetery in Istanbul.





Dharmendra Singh Rathore

Dharmendra Singh Rathore (born 2 April 1968) is an Indian Politician from Indian National Congress. He Served as the State Minister in the Government of Rajasthan from February 2022 to December 2023. He was appointed as the Chairman of Rajasthan Tourism Development Corporation in February 2022. He also served as the State Minister in Government of Rajasthan from 2008 to 2013 as the Chairman of Rajasthan State Seeds Corporation Limited.

Education

B.Com From 



U.S. Route 96

U.S. Highway 96 (US 96) is a north–south United States highway in the U.S. state of Texas. Its south end is at US 69, US 287, and State Highway 87 in Port Arthur. Its north end is at Future Interstate 69 (I-69), Future I-369, US 59, and US 84 in Tenaha. The highway is long. 

The route does not follow the normal numbering rule, as even-numbered two-digit highways are supposed to go east–west by rule.

George Oppen

George Oppen (April 24, 1908 – July 7, 1984) was an American poet.

Oppen was born in 1908 in New Rochelle, New York. In 1917 his family moved to San Francisco, California. He went to a high school military academy but was unhappy, got in trouble, and had to leave it.

From 1930 to 1933 he lived in France. He and his wife started a book publishing company called To Publishers. They printed work by poets who were connected to Objectivism. They printed Louis Zukofsky's "An ‘Objectivists’ Anthology" in 1932.

His own first book of poetry, "Discrete Series" came out in 1934. Ezra Pound wrote its Preface. Oppen joined the Communist Party in 1935 but left it in 1942 and joined the U. S. Army to fight fascism. He was wounded during World War II. After the war he became a cabinet-maker in Los Angeles. Due to American anti-communism, he moved to Mexico in 1950. After 1958, he and his wife Mary lived mostly in San Francisco. 

His second book of poetry, "The Materials", came out in 1962. Then "This in Which" appeared in 1965. In 1969, "Of Being Numerous" won the Pulitzer Prize for Poetry.

Oppen died in 1984 from pneumonia and complications from Alzheimer’s disease. 



Cordage

Cordage may mean:



Kenyon College

Kenyon College is a private liberal arts college in Gambier, Ohio. It was founded in 1824 by Philander Chase.

Notable alumni of Kenyon College include:

Interstate 369 (Texas)

Interstate 369 (I-369) is a north–south auxiliary Interstate Highway in Texarkana in the U.S. state of Texas. Its south end is at U.S. Route 59 (US 59) and State Highway 93. Its north end is at I-30 and US 59. The highway is long. 

In the future, the highway will start at I-69 and US 84 near Tenaha and go north through the cities of Carthage, Marshall, Jefferson, and Atlanta before ending at I-49, US 59, and US 71 north of Texarkana. Construction is planned to start in 2025. When finished, the highway will be around long.

NHS health check

The NHS health check was started by Gordon Brown in 2008.

People between 40 and 74 in England can have a free checkup for heart disease, diabetes, kidney disease, and stroke. 

From 2016 to 2021, 46.5% of people took up the invitation for a checkup. It takes about 40 minutes. 

In Cornwall as a trial patients complete an online questionnaire, use a kit to take a blood sample at home, and complete a blood pressure check at their local pharmacy or in a GP waiting room.

In Scotland there was a similar scheme called Keep Well. 

Sanjeev Tyagi

Sanjeev Tyagi (born 29 June 1971) is an Indian television and film actor known for his role as a police inspector in "Crime Patrol" on Sony TV. He acted in most of the episodes of "Crime Patrol". He appeared in Akshay Kumar's "Baby" and played the role of D. Mishra in "Hanak", a film based on the life of Vikas Dubey. He joined for the safety of women and children.

Tyagi began his career with DD National Shows.Later he did "Kabhi aaye na Judaai", "Kahaani Ghar Ghar Kii","Raavan" and "Karam Dharam Apna Apna".

His debut film is "Money Devo Bhava" and then did "Baby" with Akshay Kumar and "Hanak", a film based on the life of Vikas Dubey. In television, He got fame with his role of Abhimanyu Jindal in "Crime Patrol" and "Crime Patrol 2.0". Also, did "Junoon - Aisi Nafrat Toh Kaisa Ishq", "Adaalat", "Bin Bitiya Swarg Adhoora", "Million Dollar Girl" and "Courtroom: Sachchai Hazir Ho". "Yes Papa and" "Aazam" "are his movies released in 2022 and 2023 respectively".His upcoming movie is "Beeru", 

David Ginola

David Ginola-Ceze (born 25 January 1967) is a former French football player. He has played for Toulon, RC Paris, Brest, Paris Saint-Germain, Newcastle United, Tottenham Hotspur, Aston Villa, Everton, and the France national team.

Tomas Brolin

Tomas Brolin (born 29 November 1969) is a retired Swedish football player. He played for the Sweden national football team.

HC-One

HC-One is Britain's largest care home operator, with more than 275 care homes across England, Scotland and Wales for older people needing nursing and residential care, many with dementia. Its head office is in Darlington.

It was started in 2011 after Southern Cross Healthcare collapsed. About 19,000 people work in its homes.

Cancer Moonshot

Cancer Moonshot is a United States government initiative that was founded and launched by then-Vice President Joe Biden in January 2016.

During Joe Biden's term as vice president, he founded and launched Cancer Moonshot under President Barack Obama, to support cancer research and enable progress in prevention, diagnosis, and treatment.

President Obama then later signed H.R. 34, the 21st Century CURES Act on December 13, 2016. The bill included $1.8 billion to support the Cancer Moonshot initiative.

The legislation also commits to combat the prescription opioid and heroin epidemic, as well as additional funds to support mental health reform and an improved drug development process. The bill was later renamed for the funding for the Cancer Moonshot in honor of Biden's eldest son, Beau Biden, who died from brain cancer in May 2015.

Live (band)

Live is an American rock band formed in York, Pennsylvania in 1984.

Live's influences include Peter Gabriel, Sting, U2, Cream, Led Zeppelin, Patti Smith, The Doors, The Tragically Hip, R.E.M., The Police, Bob Dylan, Jimi Hendrix, Living Colour, Talking Heads, The Psychedelic Furs and Tricky.



Peter Frankopan

Peter Frankopan (born 22 March 1971) is a British historian and a professor of global history at Worcester College, Oxford. He is also the Director of the Oxford Centre for Byzantine Research. He studies the history of the Byzantine Empire, Anatolia, Russia and the Balkans. 

He wrote a book called "The First Crusade: The Call from the East" and published it in 2012. Frankopan has written two popular books about the Silk Road, one is "The Silk Roads: A New History of the World" (2015) the other one is "The New Silk Roads: The Present and Future of the World" (2018). Apart from Byzantine research and Silk Roads studies, Frankopan pays attention to the climate and environment and has published a book entitled "The Earth Transformed: An Untold History" (2023).



Royal Blood

Royal Blood are an English rock music group. The group was made in Worthing in 2011. The members of the band are Mike Kerr and Ben Thatcher. Kerr sings and plays the bass guitar. Thatcher plays the drums. The band has made three albums: "Royal Blood" (2014), "How Did We Get So Dark?" (2017), and "Typhoons" (2021).

The band was made in 2011. It was made when Kerr met Matt Swan. Swan was the band's first drummer. At this time, the band had Joe Dennis playing the guitar. Dennis left the band in 2012. Because of this, Kerr started playing the bass guitar in many different ways. He used different effect pedals to make his bass guitar sound similar to an electric guitar. The band played music in Australia, but Kerr went back to Worthing. Ben Thatcher replaced Swan. Thatcher and Kerr continued making music. 

Bhakti movement

Bhakti movement (in Hinduism) is a religious movement. It was known as the ideas and engagement formed in the medieval era. It was based on love and devotion to religious concepts built around one or more gods and goddesses. Bhakti movement spoke against the caste system using the local languages so that the message reached to the people.It was an significant religious movement in medieval Hinduism.

This I Promise You

"This I Promise You" is a 2000 song by NSYNC and is the final single from their second studio album "No Strings Attached". It went to number 5 in the United States and Dominican Republic and number 8 in Canada. It was written and produced by Richard Marx.






Ngāruawāhia

Ngāruawāhia () is a town in the Waikato region of the North Island, New Zealand. It is located 20 kilometers north-west of Hamilton and has five schools in the town. It is the home of the Māori King and cricketing great Martin Donnelly.

Don't Come Around Here No More

"Don't Come Around Here No More" is a 1985 song by Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers and is the lead single from their sixth studio album "Southern Accents". It went to number 13 in the United States, number 20 in Canada, number 42 in New Zealand, number 50 in the United Kingdom and number 61 in Australia. The music video is centred on the 1865 novel "Alice in Wonderland".

The Night Is Still Young (Billy Joel song)

"The Night Is Still Young" is a 1985 song by Billy Joel and taken from the album "Greatest Hits - Volume I & Volume II". It is the second single from the album and made the top 40 in the United States.

Christopher Coker

Christopher Coker (28 March 1953 – 5 September 2023) was a British political scientist and philosopher. He wrote 27 single-authored books on war. He was a NATO Fellow in 1981. Between 1982 to 2019, he taught international relations at London School of Economics (LSE). After retiring from his teaching job, Coker was still a director of a think tank of LSE until his death.

In a 2019 book, Coker investigated how Xi Jinping and Vladimir Putin challenge the Weste with ideas of civilizational states.

In a 2021 book, Coker said that war is the result of human nature. Therefore, he believed that human will not see the end of war until it runs out its evolutionary possibilities.


Oxford Blues

Oxford Blues is a 1984 British American teen comedy-drama movie directed by first time director Robert Boris and starring Rob Lowe, Ally Sheedy, Amanda Pays, Julian Sands, Julian Firth, Alan Howard, Gail Strickland, Michael Gough, Aubrey Morris, Anthony Calf, Peter-Hugo Daly. It is a remake of the 1938 movie "A Yank at Oxford".


List of wars involving Azerbaijan

This is a list of wars involving the Republic of Azerbaijan and its predecessor states, the Azerbaijan Democratic Republic and the Azerbaijan Soviet Socialist Republic.


Platymantis spelaeus

The cave wrinkled ground frog ("Platymantis spelaeus") is a frog. It lives in the Philippines on Negros Island. It lives in forests and in caves in limestone rock. Scientists have seen it between 20 and 400 meters above sea level.

The adult female frog is 52.8-60.5 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult male frog is 41.5-46.9 mm long. The skin on the frog's back is dark green or brown in color, with brown marks. There are dark marks on the tops of the back legs. The insides of the back legs are orange or light purple in color. The belly is almost white and sometimes has brown spots.

Sickness can kill this frog. Human beings change the places where it lives by cutting trees down.

Foobar

Foobar, and sometimes foo and bar separately, are common placeholder names in computing. 

Foobars have been used to name variables, functions, and commands whose exact identity is unimportant. For example, a JavaScript tutorial might explain that two variables can be created at once with the code var foo, bar = 5. It's a lot like the placeholder letters x and y in algebra.

Callulina

Callulina (commonly known as the warty frogs) is a small genus of frogs in the family Brevicipitidae. There are nine species in this genus. They live in Tanzania and Kenya. For a long time, scientists thought that there was only one species in "Callulina", a frog that lives in the Eastern Arc Mountains in Tanzania and in southern Kenya. However, they found eight more species. Most of these frogs are in danger of dying out.

Amphibian Species of the World says there are nine "Callulina" species.

Krefft's warty frog

Krefft's warty frog or Krefft's secret frog ("Callulina kreffti") is a frog. It lives in Tanzania and Kenya. It lives in the mountains.

Callulina dawida

The Taita warty frog or Taita Hills warty frog ("Callulina dawida") is a frog. It lives in Kenya. It lives in forests high in the Taita Hills. People have only seen it higher than 1400 meters above sea level.

The adult male frog can be as big as 35 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog can be as big as 55 mm long. The skin on the frog's back is warty and can be dark brown, light brown, dark gray, light gray, or orangish or yellowish in color.

This frog lays eggs during the dry season. The female frog lays eggs on the ground in the forest. The female frog sits on the eggs until they all hatch. Small frogs called froglets hatch out of the eggs. They are never tadpoles.

Two of the reasons this frog is critically endangered are because it lives in a small place and because human beings change that place.

Pontiac Solstice

The Pontiac Solstice was one of the last models created by Pontiac, a former marque of General Motors. Depending on the trim, the Solstice was either a Coupé or a Roadster. Production ended following the 2008 financial crisis and closing of Pontiac.

Pindad G2

The Pindad G2 is a semi-automatic 9mm pistol designed and produced by PT Pindad, It's also one of Indonesia's handguns.

Radicchio

Radicchio is a perennial cultivated form of leaf chicory sometimes known as Italian chicory because of its common use in Italian cuisine. It is grown as a leaf vegetable and usually has colorful, white-veined red leaves that form a head. Radicchio has a bitter and spicy taste that mellows if it is grilled or roasted.

Mazumbai warty frog

The Mazumbai warty frog ("Callulina kisiwamsitu") is a frog. It lives in Tanzania. It lives in the West Usambara Mountains.

Callulina stanleyi

Stanley's warty frog ("Callulina stanleyi") is a frog. It lives in Tanzania. It lives in the South Pare mountains. People have seen it between 1920 and 2100 meters above sea level.
The adult frog is about 42.5 mm long from nose to rear end. It is brown in color with a pattern. There are white warts on both sides of the body.

This frog climbs trees. At night, it sits on branches or on dead wood.

The frog lays eggs during the dry season. The mother frog sits on the eggs until they hatch. The eggs hatch into small frogs. They are never tadpoles. The frogs become adults in about eight months.

This frog is in danger of dying out because human beings change the places where the frogs live. Humans cut trees down to get wood to build with, to make places for animals to eat grass, and to build towns and cities.

Scientists named this frog for William T. Stanley of the Chicago Field Museum. Stanley has studied living things in the Pare Mountains.

Direct development

Direct development is an idea in biology. An animal does direct development if the baby animal looks like a small adult and not a larva. A frog that hatches out of its egg as a small frog has direct development. A frog that hatches out of its egg as a tadpole does not. An insect that hatches out of its egg as a small adult does direct development. An insect that hatches out of its egg as a caterpillar or grub does not.

Direct development is the opposite of complete metamorphosis. An animal does complete metamorphosis if it becomes a non-moving thing, for example a pupa in a cocoon, after being a larva but before being an adult.


Pungi

The pungi, originates from the Indian subcontinent. The instrument consists of a reservoir into which air is blown and then channelled into two reed pipes. It is played with no pauses, as the player employs circular breathing. In street performances, the pungi is used for snake charming. The pungi is also sometimes called “been.” And it is made of gourd, wax, bamboo, metal, beeswax, and coconuts. Common pungi’s are as long to be one-two feet in length.

Callulina shengena

The Shengana warty frog ("Callulina shengena") is a frog. It lives in Tanzania. It lives in the South Pare mountains. People have seen it between 1920 and 2100 meters above sea level.

The adult male frog is about 22.1–32.0 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is about 39.9–43.2 mm long. This frog is different from other frogs in "Callulina" because the eardrum is not easy to see and because the tips of its toes are shorter. This frog is usually dark pink to light pink in color, but some frogs are brown in color.

Scientists named this frog after a part of the Pare mountains.

Callulina laphami

Lapham's warty frog ("Callulina laphami") is a frog. It lives in Tanzania. It lives in the North Park mountains. People have seen it between 1730 and 2000 meters above sea level.

The adult male frog is about 22.8-29.0 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is about 33.5-45.4 mm long. This frog is different from other frogs in "Callulina" because the round eardrum is not easy to see and because its toes are shorter. The skin of the frog's back is dark brown in color. The skin on the frog's sides is light brown in color. The skin of the frog's belly is light in color. There is a line between its eyes. This line is bright red in most frogs but bright green in some frogs.

During the day, this frog sits under logs or rocks near streams. At night, it sits on medium-sized woody plants or tree branches.

The frog lays eggs during the dry season. The mother frog sits on the eggs until they hatch. The eggs hatch into small frogs. They are never tadpoles. The frogs become adults in about eight months.

This frog is in danger of dying out because human beings change the places where the frogs live. Humans cut trees down to get wood to build with, to make places for animals to eat grass, and to build towns and cities.

Scientists named this frog for Lewis H. Lapham, who helped protect the animals and plants of Tanzania.

Callulina meteora

The Nguru warty frog ("Callulina meteora") is a frog. It lives in Tanzania. It lives in the Nguru South Forest Reserve. People have seen it between 1980 and 2100 meters above sea level.

This frog has brightly colored glands and its skin looks like metal.

Jan Jongbloed

Jan Jongbloed (; born 25 November 1940) is a Dutch former professional footballer who played as a goalkeeper. He played with the Netherlands national football team. His style of play made him comparable to an added defender: he often collaborated in the construction of the action, embodying the spirit of total football. Regarded as one of the best Dutch goalkeepers of all time. He was the starting goalkeeper for the Netherlands at the 1974 and 1978 World Cups. Jan played an unusual role as an offensive goalkeeper, one of the pioneers of the sweeper-keeper, a rather rare feature in those years. More skilled with his feet than with his hands, he hardly ever used gloves on the pitch.

His career began in 1959 defending goal for DWS, a small club from his hometown Amsterdam. This won the newly promoted title in the 1963–1964 season and in 1972 it was transformed, with a merger, into FC Amsterdam. Jongbloed moved to Roda JC in 1977, then to Go Ahead Eagles in 1981, before ending his career at 45 due to a heart attack; having played his last game in the Go Ahead Eagles at the age of 44 years, 9 months and 14 days he is still the oldest player to have played a game in the Eredivisie. He is also still the record holder for the number of matches played in professional football (707).

Jongbloed made international debut on 26 September 1962 in a 4-1 defeat against Denmark. This remains his only presence for almost twelve years; in fact, he is called up only in view of the 1974 World Cup, even though he is not even a professional  (in fact he manages a tobacco shop). Called up in place of the more popular Jan van Beveren and fielded by Rinus Michels in place of Piet Schrijvers from the first match (contrary to public opinion), he reached the final having conceded only one goal, moreover an own goal from Ruud Krol, they were then defeated in the last act 2-1 by the hosts West Germany.

After being called up in the Dutch expedition participating in the 1976 European Championships, but without ever being used, Jongbloed was also called up by Ernst Happel in the following 1978 World Cup. Here too he starts, despite being replaced in the first two games of the second phase after the three goals conceded against Scotland (Schrijvers plays in the matches against Austria and West Germany). Jongbloed returns to the field during the decisive match against Italy, after Schrijvers was injured by colliding with his teammate Ernie Brandts on the occasion of the goal of the momentary blue advantage. Then play the final and also on this occasion Holland was defeated by the home team, Argentina. Jongbloed ends his militancy in the national team with this match, in which he has collected a total of 24 appearances. He broke a goalkeeper record as an international: 683 minutes without conceding a goal.

From the beginning of 1988 he was an assistant coach at Vitesse, in which the first major success followed in 1989; trainer Bert Jacobs became champion of the Eerste Divisie. The following year, fourth place in the Eredivisie was reached with European football as a reward. In between, the club also reached the cup final, in which PSV was too strong. In the years that followed, Vitesse always finished in the top six and participated in the UEFA Cup nine times. In October 1999 he did the honors for the dismissed Herbert Neumann together with Edward Sturing. Jongbloed did the same with Frans Thijssen four years earlier, after Ronald Spelbos had to leave. Since 2000 he has been active as a youth coach at the Arnhem club. In 2010 it became clear that his contract with Vitesse would not be extended. The Zaanse amateur association Hellas Sport then appointed Jongbloed as a technical advisor. Jongbloed was last active as a youth trainer at ZVV Zilvermeeuwen, also from Zaandam.

Jongbloed was married twice and twice divorced; he has a daughter Nicole. His son Eric was also a football goalkeeper with DWS. He was hit by lightning and killed, aged 21, during a match on 23 September 1984.

DWS

Netherlands

Biden Foundation

The Biden Foundation was a non-profit organization from 2017 to 2019. It was founded and opened by then-former Vice President Joe Biden and then-former Second Lady Jill Biden.

The Biden's launched the Biden Foundation on February 1, 2017. The purpose of the foundation was to allow them to continue supporting the issues they cared most about once they left Washington D.C. in January 2017.

These causes included Joe Biden's Cancer Moonshot initiative, during his term as vice president, and the Violence Against Women Act. Jill Biden's support for military families, which had begun as the Joining Forces initiative during her time as second lady, and her focus on community colleges, where she continued to teach after she left office.

On April 25, 2019, the Biden's announced that they were suspending all operations effectively and immediately and all the foundation's activities to follow.

This closing was due to the announcement of Joe Biden's 2020 presidential campaign, following the same day. 

Beau Biden Foundation

The Beau Biden Foundation is a non-profit children services organization based in Wilmington, Delaware. It was founded in June 2015 by then-Vice President Joe Biden.

The foundation actively works to prevent child abuse. The foundation educates on issues of child protection-signs of abuse & neglect, grooming behaviors, avoiding Internet predators, bullying, cyberbullying and tricks of child traffickers.

The program was designed by the foundation's experts in law, education, and law enforcement to help ensure schools and youth-serving organizations have the best policies, procedures, and programming in place to help protect children from all forms of child abuse and neglect.

SSC (Somalia)

SSC or SSC Khatumo is the successor of Khatumo State of Somalia. SSC stands for the northern Somalia provinces of Sool, Sanaag and Cayn. SSC was also the predecessor of Khatumo. The 2000s era SSC was founded to deal with land disputes. The SSC was brought back in 2023 to make SSC provinces go directly under the Somali Federal Government. The 2020s SSC was established after 20 days of fighting between SSC and Hargeisa based secessionist forces. The spokesperson for SSC is Cabdirisaaq Xasan Falaalug. Politically, the SSC federal state represents mainly the Reer Darawiish clan.

Drinking game

A drinking game is a game that takes place in a social setting. In a drinking game, people have to drink alcoholic beverages, according to certain rules. If the drinking game is happening in a bar, or a restaurant, these rules also include who has to order the drinks, and who has to pay for them.

Drinking games are dangerous, because peer pressure can make people drink more than they should. This is one of the reasons why drinking games are popular with young people.

Drinking games have existed since antiquity.

Usually a drinking game includes several of the following:


Saaren

Saaren (born October 23, 2000) is an Iranian singer.


Callulina hanseni

The Hansen's warty frog ("Callulina hanseni") is a frog. It lives in Tanzania. It lives in the Nguru South Mountains. It has been observed 1790 meters above sea level.

Callulina kanga

The Kanga warty frog ("Callulina kanga") is a frog. It lives in Tanzania. It lives in the Kanga Forest Reserve. People have seen it 760 meters above sea level.

Cuffy, Cher

Cuffy is a commune in Cher, Centre-Val de Loire, France. About 1,032 people lived there in January 2019.

Culan

Culan is a commune in Cher, Centre-Val de Loire, France. About 750 people lived there in January 2019.

Dampierre-en-Crot

Dampierre-en-Crot is a commune in Cher, Centre-Val de Loire, France. About 203 people lived there in January 2019.

Dampierre-en-Graçay

Dampierre-en-Graçay is a commune in Cher, Centre-Val de Loire, France. About 240 people lived there in January 2019.

Drevant

Drevant is a commune in Cher, Centre-Val de Loire, France. About 549 people lived there in January 2019.

Dun-sur-Auron

Dun-sur-Auron is a commune in Cher, Centre-Val de Loire, France. About 3,655 people lived there in January 2019.

Ennordres

Ennordres is a commune in Cher, Centre-Val de Loire, France. About 212 people lived there in January 2019.

Épineuil-le-Fleuriel

Épineuil-le-Fleuriel is a commune in Cher, Centre-Val de Loire, France. About 434 people lived there in January 2019.

Faverdines

Faverdines is a commune in Cher, Centre-Val de Loire, France. About 139 people lived there in January 2019.

Feux

Feux is a commune in Cher, Centre-Val de Loire, France. About 337 people lived there in January 2019.

Ids-Saint-Roch

Ids-Saint-Roch is a commune in Cher, Centre-Val de Loire, France. About 286 people lived there in January 2019.

Flavigny, Cher

Flavigny is a commune in Cher, Centre-Val de Loire, France. About 180 people lived there in January 2019.

Foëcy

Foëcy is a commune in Cher, Centre-Val de Loire, France. About 2,099 people lived there in January 2019.

Fussy

Fussy is a commune in Cher, Centre-Val de Loire, France. About 1,964 people lived there in January 2019.

Ineuil

Ineuil is a commune in Cher, Centre-Val de Loire, France. About 226 people lived there in January 2019.

La Groutte

La Groutte is a commune in Cher, Centre-Val de Loire, France. About 124 people lived there in January 2019.

La Guerche-sur-l'Aubois

La Guerche-sur-l'Aubois is a commune in Cher, Centre-Val de Loire, France. About 3,177 people lived there in January 2019.

Lugny-Bourbonnais

Lugny-Bourbonnais is a commune in Cher, Centre-Val de Loire, France. About 34 people lived there in January 2019.

Gardefort

Gardefort is a commune in Cher, Centre-Val de Loire, France. About 129 people lived there in January 2019.

Garigny

Garigny is a commune in Cher, Centre-Val de Loire, France. About 223 people lived there in January 2019.

Rhythm of the Night (song)

"Rhythm of the Night" is a 1985 song by R&B group DeBarge and is the title track from their fourth studio album of the same name. It went to number 3 in the United States, Canada and New Zealand, number 4 in the Netherlands and the United Kingdom, number 5 in Australia, Ireland and South Africa and number 7 in Belgium. It was their biggest hit in their career.

Southshore, New Zealand

Southshore is the eastern suburb of Christchurch, New Zealand. It was formally named in 1955 and is rich in wildlife and forestry. It was damaged in the 2011 Christchurch earthquake with 198 properties red-zoned and deemed unlivable. It is located near the suburb of South New Brighton. 

ATN B4U Movies

ATN B4U Movies is a Canadian Category B specialty channel. It is owned by Asian Television Network International. It broadcasts programming from B4U Movies and Canadian contents.

ATN B4U Movies was launched as a pay service in March 2001 using the following license. However, on September 25, 2012, this license was revoked at ATN's request. The channel re-launched on June 17, 2012 as ATN Hindi Movie Channel 3.


B4U Music

B4U Music is an Indian Hindi music channel. It is owned by the B4U Network Limited.

Since 2008, the yearly UK Asian Music Awards have been produced and broadcast by the channel.

B4U Music emerged as the No.1 Asian TV channel in UK ratings in January 2022. 

Wainoni, Christchurch

Wainoni is one of the eastern suburbs of Christchurch, New Zealand. It is one of the least socio-economic suburbs. It was severly damaged in the 2011 Christchurch earthquake. It has a community college located in the suburb and is made of four schools. 

Rhondda Cynon Taf

Rhondda Cynon Taf is a county borough in the south-east of Wales. It consists of five valleys: the Rhondda Fawr, Rhondda Fach, Cynon, Taff (Welsh: "Taf") and Ely valleys, plus a number of towns and villages away from the valleys. Aberdare is the biggest town.

About 237,000 people live in the borough. 

The area was formerly the main coal mining area in Wales. In the nineteenth century the Rhondda had over 60 mines. There were also a lot of iron works.

List of All That episodes

All That is a Nickelodeon sketch comedy show that aired from April 16, 1994 and ended on December 17, 2020





Getúlio

Getúlio () is a 2014 Brazilian drama movie directed by João Jardim and starring Tony Ramos, Drica Moraes and Alexandre Borges.

The stroy tells about the final moments of the crisis that led to the suicide of the then President Getúlio Vargas, in August 1954.

President Vargas has to confront with the increasing instability of his government, after the trying murder of journalist Carlos Lacerda.

Semaglutide

Semaglutide, sold under the brand names Ozempic, Wegovy and Rybelsus, is a drug used to treat type 2 diabetes and reduce obesity. It was developed by Novo Nordisk in 2012. It was approved for use in America in 2017. It was approved in Europe in 2022 and in the National Health Service in 2023. Sales of Wegovy increased five-fold in 2023. Ozempic became the world's biggest-selling diabetes drug. 

People who had the weekly injection saw their weight drop by 12% on average after 68 weeks. It is also prescribed for heart conditions.

In a trial of more than 17,600 people aged above 45 with obesity who had cardiovascular disease, but not diabetes, published in 2023, it cut the risk of heart attacks by 28%.

A black market developed in the United Kingdom in 2023 with unlicensed semaglutide being sold through social media and in beauty salons.

Novo Nordisk

Novo Nordisk A/S is a Danish multinational pharmaceutical company. It has factories in in nine countries. More than 48,000 people work for the company. Nordisk Insulinlaboratorium was started in 1923 by the Danish Nobel laureate August Krogh, pharmacist August Kongsted and scientist Hans Christian Hagedorn. It produced insulin. In 1989 it merged with Novo Industri. 77% of Novo’s voting rights and 28.1% of its shares is owned by the Novo Nordisk Foundation. 

It was Europe’s most valuable company in 2023 and dominates the Danish economy. In September 2023 it was worth $421 billion. It plans to buy Inversago Pharma. The Wegovy weight-loss drug has been very successful. It can cut the risk of heart attacks by 20% in overweight or obese patients with cardiovascular disease. It is expected to sell $7.3 billion in 2024. Ozempic, an injectable form of Semaglutide, is used to treat diabetes. It is expected to sell $16.5 billion in 2024.

Lars Fruergaard Jørgensen is the chief executive.

It specialises in diabetes care medications and devices. It also does hemostasis management, growth hormone therapy and hormone replacement therapy.

1936–37 Austrian Cup

The 1936- 37 Austrian Cup was Austria's football cup competition. FK Austria Wien were the defending champions.

With the participation of the autumn champions of 1936 from the federal states of Upper Austria and Styria, as well as the two teams from Lower Austria that were leading in the autumn of 1936, an Austrian Cup was held for the second time after 1935/36 instead of the previous Vienna Cup. 

The clubs in the 2nd division successfully protested against the previous practice of automatically granting home advantage to the first division teams in matches between teams in the 1st and 2nd division. From 1936/37 the home advantage in such games was also possible for the second division teams, but their place had to be commissioned for first-class games.





 

 


Viktor Havlicek – Karl Rainer, Willibald Schmaus, Otto Kaller, Leopold Hofmann, Leonhard Machu, Josef Molzer, Friedrich Gschweidl, Franz Mandl, Ferdinand Baryli, Franz Erdl <br>coaches:Otto Pöschl/Friedrich Gschweidl
Friedrich Franzl - Karl Graf, Robert Purz, Franz Vavra, Josef Chloupek, Ernst Galli, Karl Kral, Rudolf Geiter, Josef Epp, Eduard Gallas, Anton Pillwein <br>coaches: Karl Kestler/Hans Strnad

Eduard Gallas

Eduard Gallas (3 September 1911 – 25 August 1976) was an Austrian footballer. He played as a forward mainly for Wiener Sport-Club.

Interstate 440 (North Carolina)

Interstate 440 (I-440), also known as the Raleigh Beltline or the Cliff Benson Beltline, is an auxiliary Interstate Highway in the U.S. state of North Carolina. The highway is a partial circle around Raleigh. Its west end is at I-40, U.S. Route 1 (US 1), and US 64 near Cary. Its east end is at I-40 and US 64 near Raleigh. The highway is long.

Interstate 440 (Tennessee)

Interstate 440 (I-440), also known as the Four-Forty Parkway or the Debra K. Johnson Memorial Parkway, is an east–west auxiliary Interstate Highway in the city of Nashville in the U.S. state of Tennessee. It is a southern bypass around downtown Nashville. Its west end is at I-40. Its east end is at I-24 and I-40. The highway also meets I-65. The highway is long.

Ride the Cyclone

Ride the Cyclone is a musical about six teens, all part of a Canadian school choir, dying in a freak roller coaster accident. Before they all died, a fortune-telling machine read their fortunes, knowing they would ride the doomed rollercoaster and could tell them nothing. Before the children would pass into the afterlife, the fortune-telling machine brings their souls there to present an offer. He says that he can bring back one of the souls beyond death, and back to life. (It is unknown if this is for recreation or other purposes). This offer is presented as a contest, giving each student a chance to come forward and present their case for why they should return to life.

First, Ocean O'Connell Rosenberg, a cheerful school girl raised in a liberal family, sings about how she is the only one worth living because of her grades and grade point average. Once she finishes, Noel Gruber (who is introduced as the only gay guy in his small town) sings about how he want to be a sex worker in post-World War Paris, France. After a few more songs ("Every Story's Got A Lesson", "This Song Is Awesome"), Mischa sings about rap and his long-distance girlfriend Talia. Ricky Potts, a boy who makes his entrance with his trusted walking-canes, sings about his religion and how he'll hope to find his leaders. Constance Blackwood, the girl said to be Ocean's best friend, sings about her life and how she loves her small town. 

Although everyone else sings about happiness, Jane Doe sings about her despair and her longing for knowing who she really is, as she lost her head when she died and holds no memories of who she was in life. The choir wants to help her, so they throw her a fake birthday party. Karnak changes the rules at the last second, and chooses Ocean (since she had the highest grade point average) and tells her she has the ability to choose who returns to the land of the living. Ocean votes for Jane Doe, revealing her identity - her name being Penny Lamb. The musical then ends on a cliffhanger.



These are usually sang by all six of the teenagers and sometimes the Amazing Karnak; for the songs meant to be solos the rest of the group provides background vocals.


Music, Lyrics, and Book by: Jacob Richmond and Brooke Maxwell

Frank Bidart

Frank Bidart (born May 27, 1939) is an American poet and teacher.

Bidart was born in Bakersfield, California in 1939. He went to college at the University of California at Riverside and at Harvard University. At Harvard he was a student and friend of poets Robert Lowell and Elizabeth Bishop.

He has taught at Wellesley College in Wellesley, Masachusetts since 1972.

In 2007 Bidart won Yale University's Bollingen Prize in American Poetry. "Metaphysical Dog" won the National Books Critics Circle Award and was a finalist for the National Book Award. In 2017, "Half-Light: Collected Poems 1965-2016" won the National Book Award. It also won the Pulitzer Prize in Poetry in 2018.



Ron Padgett

Ron Padgett (June 17, 1942) is an American poet, essayist, fiction writer, translator. He is connected to the New York School of poets.

Padgett was born in Tulsa, Oklahoma in 1942. In high school he started a magazine with friends Dick Gallup and Joe Brainard. The magazine printed the work of Allen Ginsberg, Jack Kerouac, Robert Creeley, LeRoi Jones (now, Amiri Baraka), Ted Berrigan, and others. Padgett moved to New York City in 1960. He went to Columbia University and studied with poet Kenneth Koch and critic Lionel Trilling.

Padgett worked with New York City's Teachers & Writers Collaborative for twenty years. In 2016, he won the Harold Morton Landon Translation Award for "Zone: Selected Poems" by Guillaume Apollinaire.






Cuestión de prioridades

Cuestión de prioridades is a Spanish television program presented by José Luis Martín in La 7.

It started in 2020 due to the new programes appeared due to the COVID-19 pandemic.

Gordon F. Henderson

Gordon Fripp Henderson (April 17, 1912 – August 17, 1993) was a Canadian intellectual property lawyer and the chairman of Gowling WLG. He was the president of the Canadian Bar Association and the chancellor of the University of Ottawa. 

Henderson was described as one of Canada's top lawyers and had 90 cases in front of the Supreme Court of Canada. He was the founding editor of the Canadian Patent reporter and was very involved with the Intellectual Property Institute of Canada. From 1979-1980 he was the president of the Canadian Bar Association.

He was very important in the formation of SOCAN as its lawyer and later as chairman. From 1984-1989 he was the chairman of the board of governors at the University of Ottawa, and from 1991 until he died in 1993, he was the chancellor. He was the honorary consul to Liberia in Canada, a position that brought diplomatic privileges. He was a companion of the Order of Canada and the 1988 recipient of the B'nai B'rith Award of Merit. He received honorary doctorates from Carleton University, the University of Ottawa, and the Law Society of Upper Canada.

Henderson died on August 17, 1993.

Jim Dine

Jim Dine (June 16, 1935) is an American artist.

Dine was born in Cincinnati, Ohio in 1935. He went to the University of Cincinnati and the Boston Museum School. He got a BFA (Bachelor of Fine Arts degree) at Ohio University in 1957. In 1958 Dine moved to New York City. He worked on Happenings with artist Claes Oldenburg, composer John Cage, and others. Happenings were disorderly "performances that took place around the city ... away from the areas traditionally associated with art museums and galleries."

In the 1960s he became famous for painting bathrobes. He said, "I was looking for a way to do self-portraits without painting my face. I saw this bathrobe in an ad. It had no one in it—but it looked like my shape, so it became a sort of metaphor for me."

In the 1970s drawing became more important to him than painting. He used common objects such as tools, hearts, trees, birds. These objects "are easily understood by the viewer, while also suggesting deeper layers of meaning."

Dine's art is in the permanent collections of many museums. Some of them are:



We Got the Beat

"We Got the Beat" is a song by the American rock band the Go-Go's, written by the group's lead guitarist and keyboardist Charlotte Caffey. The band first recorded the song in 1980. It was later rerecorded it for their debut album "Beauty and the Beat".

The first version reached No. 35 on the U.S. Hot Dance Club Play chart and the second version was a top 10 hit in both the United States and Canada. It is seen as a new wave classic hit, as well as being the Go-Go's' best known song. 

The song was named one of "The Rock and Roll Hall of Fame's 500 Songs that Shaped Rock and Roll".

John W. Raymond

General John W. Raymond (born April 30,1962) is a retired United States military officer.
He was in the United States Air Force from 1984 to 2019 when the United States Space Force was created and he became its first member and the first Chief of Space Operations.
He retired in November 2022 and B. Chance Saltzman was the next Chief of Space Operations.


Delaware Technical Community College

Delaware Technical Community College (or known as Delaware Technical & Community College, also known as Delaware Tech, or Del Tech) is a public community college in the U.S. state of Delaware.

The college offers more than 100 associate degrees, diplomas, and certificate programs. Of these programs, 48 degree programs with agreements with 61 other higher learning institutions. It is the only community college in the state.

Northern Virginia Community College

Northern Virginia Community College (or simply known as NOVA), is a public community college based in Annandale, Virginia. The college is the third-largest multi-campus community college in the United States and the largest educational institution in the state.

West Chester University

West Chester University (also known as West Chester or West Chester University of Pennsylvania) is a public research university based in West Chester, Pennsylvania. With more than 20,000 undergraduate and graduate students as of 2023, West Chester is the largest of the 10 owned universities in the state.

Notable people who attended the university are people such as, Jill Biden, the current first lady of the United States.

Daisy (given name)

Daisy is a feminine name. It is pronounced [ dey-zee ]. Daisy is a lovely and feminine name that originates from England. Its roots can be traced back to the Old English word "dægeseage", which translates to "day's eye". This name is a reference to the daisy flower, which unfurls its petals during the day and closes them at night. Additionally, the daisy is commonly known as the "flower of innocence", symbolizing purity, innocence, and happiness. This name was ranked #134 on the US Popular Names in 2021.



Hornby, New Zealand

Hornby is a major suburb of Christchurch and situated on the western edge of the city. It has two key arterial routes including State Highway 1 and Christchurch Southern Motorway. It was named after British flying squadron Geoffrey Hornby. It has two primary schools, one high school and two major shopping areas in the suburb.

Addicted to Love (song)

"Addicted to Love" is a 1986 song by English rock singer Robert Palmer and is the third single from his 8th studio album "Riptide". It went to number 1 in the United States and Australia, number 2 in New Zealand, number 4 in Canada, Ireland and South Africa, number 5 in the United Kingdom and number 34 in Belgium and the Netherlands. It was covered live by Tina Turner for her 1988 album "Tina Live in Europe".

Allotment

Allotment may refer to:
East Asian model

The East Asian model is an economic model connected to Japan, Four Asian Tigers, China since the late 1970s, and Vietnam since 1986. This economic system differs from a centrally planned economy. East Asian model of capitalism refers to the high rate of savings and investments, high educational standards, assiduity and export-oriented policy.

Allotment (gardening)

An allotment is a small area of land used for gardening, away from a person's home. People who have allotments normally use them to grow food for themselves and their families. Sometimes people also keep bees or small animals like rabbits and chickens on their allotment.

There have been things similar to allotments in the United Kingdom since the late 16th century; small pieces of land were given to tenant farmers by landlords so that they could grow their own food. In the 19th century lots of people had moved to cities to work in factories and didn’t have anywhere to grow food, so the government told local councils to give allotments to residents who didn’t own land.


The Independent (Uganda)

The Independent is a news magazine published in Kampala, Uganda.

The newspaper reports general and business news. It also has sections for news analysis, Eastern African regional news, and features. It is a glossy print magazine. It is also on the Internet. It is published in English only.

Andrew Mwenda started the paper in 2007. He owns, edits and publishes the news magazine.



Andrew Mwenda

Andrew Mwenda (born 1972) is a Ugandan print, radio and television journalist. He is the founder and owner of "The Independent", a current affairs newsmagazine. He was the political editor of "The Daily Monitor", a Ugandan daily newspaper, and was a presenter on KFM Radio in Kampala.

Mwenda was born in 1972 in Fort Portal, Kabarole District, in the Western Region of Uganda. His father is "Mzee Phillip Muhanga" of Fort Portal. Mwenda is a younger brother to Lieutenant General Kayanja Muhanga, a senior UPDF military officer.

After local primary school, Mwenda entered Nyakasura School where he completed his O-Level studies. He then went to Busoga College Mwiri in the Eastern Region of Uganda for his A-Level education. He graduated with a High School Diploma from Mwiri. He was admitted to Makerere University where he graduated with a Bachelor of Arts in Journalism.

Later, he won a Chevening Scholarship and was admitted to the School of Oriental and African Studies at the University of London. He graduated with a Master of Science in Development Studies. He was a a fellow at Saïd Business School at the University of Oxford in 2009 and a visiting fellow at Yale University, in 2010. He also studied at Stanford University between 2006 and 2007. He was a visiting lecturer at the University of Florida, Gainesville, in 2005, and a visiting fellow at the Africa Study Centre of the University of Leiden, in the Netherlands in 2003.

In 2008, the World Economic Forum selected Mwenda as a Young Global Leader and in 2010, Foreign Policy Magazine named him among the 100 Top Global Thinkers.In 2011, President Paul Kagame of Rwanda nominated Mwenda to serve on his Presidential Advisory Council. In 2012 and 2013, Mwenda was named by Foreign Policy among the global top 100 most influential persons on Twitter.

in 2011, Mwenda helped negotiate a truce between President Yoweri Museveni of Uganda and Kagame of Rwanda. Between 2011 and 2018, he worked as a de facto envoy of each president to the other and helped maintain a cordial relationship between them as individuals and also between the two countries. This arrangement finally collapsed in 2018.

In 2005, he was among sixteen senior journalists invited by the British government to discuss with Prime Minister Tony Blair the forthcoming report of the Commission for Africa.

Mwenda is the managing director of "Independent Publications Limited", publishers of "The Independent"

Mwenda worked as a political editor of the "Daily Monitor" and general manager of its affiliate on FM radio, KFM, before starting "The Independent" in 2007. He worked as a consultant for the World Bank, the World Resources Institute, and Transparency International. He has written for international news media like "Der Spiegel", the "International Herald Tribune", "The New York Times", and "Foreign Policy". He also produced documentaries for BBC World television and radio.

In August 2005, he was charged with sedition for broadcasting a discussion of the cause of death of Sudanese vice-president John Garang. Garang was killed when the Ugandan presidential helicopter smashed in a storm over a rebel area, on the way back from talks in Uganda. During his radio programme, the journalist accused the Ugandan government of "incompetence" and said they had put Garang on "a junk helicopter ... at night ... in poor weather ... over an insecure area".

In April 2008, he was arrested and released on bail by the Ugandan government for "being in possession of seditious material and of publishing inflammatory articles".

In July 2006, Mwenda appeared before the British House of Commons committee on Global Poverty to testify against aid to Africa. He has criticised aid agencies and charities for ineffectiveness and collusion with corruption. He believes that western aid has been largely unhelpful for African development. He thinks it encourages dependency, keeps wars going, and creates corrupt states.

In 2014, Mwenda was one of the people asking to stop The Uganda Anti-Homosexuality Act, 2014.

Mwenda won the CPJ International Press Freedom Awards in 2008 from the Committee to Protect Journalists.


Interstate 369

Interstate 369 may refer to:


Key (computer)

A key is a field, or combination of fields, in a database table used to retrieve and sort rows in the table based on certain requirements. Keys are defined to speed up access to data and, in many cases, to create links between different tables.

Keyword (computer)

A keyword is a term used in digital marketing to describe a word or a group of words an Internet user uses to perform a search in a search engine or search bar.

Interstate 587 (North Carolina)

Interstate 587 (I-587) is an auxiliary Interstate Highway in the U.S state of North Carolina. Its west end is at I-95, I-795, and U.S. Route 264 (US 264) near Wilson. Its east end is at US 264 and North Carolina Highway 11 Bypass (NC 11 Byp) in Greenville. The highway is long. 

I-587 is a spur route of I-87. I-587 does not meet I-87, but will in the future in Zebulon.

Rachel Miner

Rachel Anne Miner is an American actress. She became known when she played Michelle Bauer on the television soap opera "Guiding Light." The soap opera was shown between 1990 and 1995. Her first role in a proper movie was in Woody Allen's "Alice" (1990). Her acting in Bully (2001) was also praised. She played the lead role in that movie. She also played in other movies.

Today, people also know her for playing Meg Masters in the television series Supernatural. That series ran from 2005 to 2020.
Miner was diagnosed with multiple sclerosis in 2010.
There were rumours that she would stop her career because of this diagnosis. Despite this, she continued to act. She has since preferred to act as disabled characters.

Platymantis mimulus

The diminutive forest frog ("Platymantis mimulus") is a frog. It lives in the Philippines on Luzon Island. Scientists have seen it as high as 400 meters above sea level.

Rae Armantrout

Rae Armantrout (born April 13, 1947) is an American poet.

Armantrout was born in Vallejo, California. She got her Bachelor of Arts degree at the University of California, Berkeley. The poet Denise Levertov was one of her teachers. She got her MA at San Francisco State University.

Along with Ron Silliman, Lyn Hejinian, Barrett Watten and others, Armantrout is one of the earliest members of the group known as Language poets.

Her book "Versed" won the Pulitzer Prize for Poetry in 2010. It also won a 2009 National Book Critics Circle Award and was a finalist for the 2009 National Book Award.



Amelia Dyer

Amelia Dyer (1829 - 10 June 1896) was an English serial killer, after she was widowed in 1869 she started baby farming. She was executed in 1896 at Newgate Prison.

The victim count is often said to be about 400, however likely to be higher, making her one of the most prolific serial killers.

Chronic fatigue syndrome

Chronic fatigue syndrome (CFS), also called myalgic encephalomyelitis, is a complex long-term medical condition which often stops people from working or leading a normal life. The disease is not fully understood. Diagnosis is based on the person's symptoms, which usually include pain, because there is no agreed diagnostic test. There is no agreed definition, but it may affect as many as 1% of the population in some places.

Military vehicle

A military vehicle is a vehicle for land-based military transport and activity, including combat vehicles. These vehicles are designed (or made for) or used a lot by military.



Westermarck effect

The Westermarck effect states that children who grew up together or who spent a large part of their childhood together won't find each other sexually attractive. The effect is named after Edvard Westermarck, a Finnish sociologist. According to Westermark, the idea is to prevent incest or inbreeding. Choosing another partner gives an advantage, so this is not a cultural phenomenon.

Thomas Crapper

Thomas Crapper (baptised 28 September 1836, died 27 January 1910) was an English plumber and businessman. He founded the plumbing equipment company Thomas Crapper & Co in London. Notability of him with regard to toilets has often been too highly stated. This is mainly because of the publication in 1969 of a fictional biography by New Zealand person Wallace Reyburn, who makes funny things.

Another way he can be noted is that some say the word "crap" comes from his name. Actually, it is a Middle Ages origin. The most likely etymological origin of the word "crap" is a combination of two older words: the Dutch "krappen" (to pluck off, cut off, or separate) and the Old French "crappe" (shiftings, waste or rejected matter, from the medieval Latin "crappa").

When Love Comes to Town

"When Love Comes to Town" is a 1989 song by B.B. King and U2. It is the 12th track from their 1988 album "Rattle and Hum". It went to number 1 in Ireland, number 4 in New Zealand, number 6 in the United Kingdom, number 9 in the Netherlands, number 13 in Italy, number 16 in Belgium, number 20 in Sweden, number 23 in Australia, number 41 in Canada and number 68 in the United States.

Absolute Beginners (David Bowie song)

"Absolute Beginners" is a 1986 song by David Bowie and is the theme song to the 1986 movie "Absolute Beginners". It went to number 1 in Finland and Ireland. It went to the top 10 in Australia, Austria, Belgium, Germany, Greece, Italy, the Netherlands, New Zealand, Norway, South Africa, Sweden, Switzerland and the United Kingdom. It charted poorly in the United States.

All tracks are written by David Bowie, except where noted.











K. C. Hsiao

K. C. Hsiao (Chinese: 蕭公權; 29 December 1897 – 4 November 1981) was a Chinese historian and political scientist. Hsiao went to the US in 1920 and received a PhD from Cornell University in 1926. He returned to China and taught political science at Yenching University (1930-1932) and Tsinghua University (1932 -1937). In 1937, Japan invaded China and occupied North China. He moved to South China and and taught at Sichuan University and Kwang Hua University. Because of Chinese Civil War, he went to Taiwan in 1949 and taught at National Taiwan University for a short time. Hsiao moved to the US in late 1949 and began teaching at the University of Washington. He was firstly a visiting professor and had been a full professor since 1959. He retired in 1968. 

Hsiao wrote a two-volume book named "History of Chinese Political Thought" (中國政治思想史) in Chinese. American Sinologist Frederick W. Mote translated the first volume and published it through Princeton University Press in 1979. However, the second volume has never been translated into English.

Natalbany, Louisiana

Natalbany is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Tangipahoa Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Midway, Hot Spring County, Arkansas

Midway is a town in the US state of Arkansas.

Can't Fight the Moonlight

"Can't Fight the Moonlight" is a 2000 song by LeAnn Rimes and is taken from the 2000 movie "Coyote Ugly". It topped the single charts in Australia, Belgium, Finland, Hungary, Ireland, the Netherlands, New Zealand, Romania, Scotland, Sweden and the United Kingdom and also went to number 11 in the United States.





Brian Hastings

Brian Frederick Hastings was born 23 March, 1940 in Island Bay, Wellington. He is a New Zealand former cricketer who played 31 tests and 11 one-day internationals between 1969 and 1976. He also played for Wellington, Central Districts and Canterbury in the Plunket Shield. He is the father of New Zealand cricketer Mark Hastings.

Poverty in Niger

Poverty in Niger. Poverty is very common in Niger. This experience has been there for a very long time, which make it one of the poorest countries in the world according to the United Nations in 2015. It is one of the least-developed countries of 188 in the world. In addition, in the 2015 Global Finance Magazine , Niger was number 7 among the 23 poorest countries of the world. Two out of every three persons live below poverty line and, more than 40% of the population earn less than $1 per day. Some of the problems facing Niger are Civil war, terrorism , illness, disease, poverty and hunger where hunger is their major problem.They have the population of 19,899,120 out of which 45.7% live below poverty line.

One of the causes of poverty and hunger in Niger is known as food insecurity. Over 1.5 million people were affected in the year 2017. This was as a result of high cost of food, lack of adequate, rainfall, harmed crops and soil infertility. The United Nations record that, the estimated number of people of Niger that are suffering from food insecurity is 3.4 million, where nearly half of the population of children under the age of 5 years are suffering lack of balanced diet. 
Other problems leading to food insecurity in Niger include: Poor agricultural production, lack of finances of the government of Niger. 

The areas of the country mostly affected are: Zinder, Maradi, Tillabéri, Tahoua, and Dosso. 

Beer pong

Beer pong is a drinking game. It is also known as Beirut. It is played with two teams. Cups filled with beer are set at each end of a table. The players then take turns and try to throw ping pong balls at the cups of the opposing team. If a ball lands inside a cup, the opposing team has to drink that cup, and the cup is removed. When all the cups of a team are removed, that team loses.

Beer Pong was first played at Dartmouth College, in the United States, between 1950 and 1960.

Interstate 795 (North Carolina)

Interstate 795 (I-795) is an auxiliary Interstate Highway in the U.S. state of North Carolina. Its south end is at U.S. Route 70 (US 70) in Goldsboro. Its north end is at I-95, I-587 and US 264 near Wilson. The highway is long.

In the future, the highway will be extended south from its current south end to I-40 near Faison.

Interstate 785

Interstate 785 (I-785) is an auxiliary Interstate Highway in the city of Greensboro in the U.S. state of North Carolina. Its south end is at I-40, I-85, and I-840. Its north end is at I-840 and U.S. Route 29 (US 29). The highway is long. The highway is a part of the Greensboro Urban Loop.

In the future, the highway will go from Greensboro to Danville, Virginia. The highway will be around long.

Richard Hugo

Richard Hugo (December 21, 1923 – October 22, 1982), born Richard Franklin Hogan, was an American poet and teacher.

Hugo was born in 1923, near Seattle, Washington. His given name was Richard Franklin Hogan. His father left the family soon after his birth. In 1942, he changed his name to his step-father's name, Hugo.

In World War II, Hugo dropped bombs for the U. S. Army Air Corps in the Mediterranean area. He flew 35 missions. After the war, he studied creative writing at the University of Washington. Poet Theodore Roethke was his teacher. He got a BA in 1948 and an MA in 1952. His first book, "A Run of Jacks," came out in 1961. From 1964, he taught at the University of Montana in Missoula for almost 18 years.

From 1977 to 1982 he was the judge for the Yale Younger Poets series.

Hugo was 58 years old when he died of leukemia in 1982.



Alexa Ray Joel

Alexa Ray Joel (born December 29, 1985) is an American singer, songwriter, and pianist. Her parents are singer-songwriter Billy Joel and model Christie Brinkley. Joel released an EP, "Sketches" (2006), and several singles on independent record labels. She has performed at numerous charity events and New York City fashion events.

Valery Larbaud

Valery Larbaud (29 August 1881 – 2 February 1957) was a French writer, poet, and translator.

Larbaud's most famous book is "Fermina Marquez". It came out in 1911. It is about a beautiful girl's visit to a boys boarding school.

Larbaud is well-known for translating important writing in English into French. He translated work by Sir Thomas Browne, the English novelist Samuel Butler, the U.S. poet Walt Whitman, and James Joyce.


Reihan Salam

Reihan Salaam is a Bangladeshi American Muslim journalist and political commentator. He calls himself a neoconservative. 

Salam wrote a book called “Melting Pot or Civil War: The Son of Immigrants makes the case against open borders” and made a Prager University video based on it called “America wants legal immigrants”. Salam has also argued that journalists were unfair to Israel. Salaam supports the Republican Party of the United States and the Conservative Never Trump Movement. Salaam criticized The Atlantic for firing Kevin D. Williamson. Salaam used to work for National Review and now works at the Manhattan Institute. Salaam says that nationalism is a good thing.

Sam Brinton

Samuel Otis Brinton (born 1986/1987) is an American nuclear engineer, and LGBTQ activist who served in the Biden administration as the deputy assistant Secretary of Spent Fuel and Waste Disposition in the Office of Nuclear Energy from June to December 2022. Accused of luggage theft twice, this has led to disemployment.

Brinton was the first openly non-binary person in federal government leadership.

Halloween Is Grinch Night

Halloween is Grinch Night (titled It's Grinch Night for the 1992 videocassette release and Grinch Night for the sing-a-long videocassette release) is a 1977 children's animated Halloween television special. It is a prequel to the 1966 television special "How the Grinch Stole Christmas!" It premiered on ABC on October 28, 1977.

The special won the 1978 Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Children's Program.


Flip cup

Flip cup is a drinking game. It is very easy. Players get a (usually plasic) cup with a drink, most often, beer. They drink the cup, and then place it on the edge of the table. They then try to flip the cup, so that it lands opening down on the table. 
They game was first played in Baltimore, Mariland, in 1980, and rapidly became popular. Because players need to drink every cup beforetryaing to flip it, they get drunk very fast.

Platymantis pseudodorsalis

Platymantis pseudodorsalis is a frog. It lives in the Philippines on Luzon Island. Scientists have only seen it on one mountain, between 1350 and 1500 meters above sea level.

Felons and Revolutionaries

Felons and Revolutionaries is the debut studio album by Dope. The album was released on September 14, 1999.

2017 Benue State flooding

The 2017 Benue State flooding Benue State is one of the 36 States of the Federal Republic of Nigeria, West Africa. The State experienced one of the terrible floodings, in September 2017, the situation made about 100,000 people homeless and destroyed over 2,000 homes. 

The floods occurred due to many weeks of rainfall which led to the overflowing of rivers. The floods affected 21 out of 23 local government areas of the State. This was not rear, as flooding is expected in the area of Benue State as a result of heavy rainfall. One of which happened in the year 2012.

The flooding has really affected the area severely. For example, two bridges on River Guma and Mande Ortom at Tor Kpande area of the State were destroyed. Other things that were also affected were; Farmlands, food barns, and some newly constructed roads within the area. This seriously affected the agricultural production in Benue State. 
Rainfall intensity seemed to be increasing with a gradual reduction. The average discharge at Makurdi hydrological Station was 3468.24 m³s⁻¹, and the highest peak flow discharge was 16,400 m³s⁻¹. The daily maximum and annual average temperatures gradually rise, resulting in increased heat. Analysis showed that the soils are moderately fertile but require the effective application of inorganic and organic fertilizers. The main occupational activities in the area are based on agriculture.

950

950 was a common year.




File archiver

A file archiver is a computer program that puts several files together, and makes one large file from the parts. Sometimes file archivers use data compression, but often they don't. When doing a backup of data onto magnetic tape, all the data needs to be written together, so an archive file is used.

An example of an archiver is the command 'tar' which is avilable in many Linux and Unix systems. As tar only combines flies, it is usually used together with 'gzip'.

Programs such as 7zip (or zip) will also compress the output, so it takes less space.

979

979 was a common year.




Match of the Day

Match of the Day is a football programme, broadcast on BBC One on Saturday nights, during the Premier League season. The show's presenter is former England international striker Gary Lineker.

It is one of the BBC's longest-running shows. It started on 22 August 1964. In 2015, Guinness World Records said it was " the longest-running football television programme in the world".

Greg Dyke

Greg Dyke is a British journalist.

He was the director-general of the BBC from January 2000 to January 2004. From 2013 to 2016 he was chairman of the Football Association. He was chancellor of the University of York from 2004 to 2015 and chairman of the British Film Institute between 2008 and 2016. 

Gambia national cricket team

The Gambian national cricket team is a cricket team that represents The Gambia in cricket and were granted membership in the International Cricket Council in 2002. They played their first Twenty20 International in 2022.

1922 Committee

The 1922 Committee, officially called the Conservative Private Members' Committee is a meeting of all the Conservative backbench members of Parliament. They meet every week when Parliament is meeting. They have a voice in choosing or getting rid of the party leader. 

Sir Graham Brady has been the chair since 2010. 

1906 United Kingdom general election

The 1906 United Kingdom general election was held from 12 January to 8 February 1906.

The Liberals, led by Prime Minister Henry Campbell-Bannerman, won a big majority at the election. The Conservatives led by Arthur Balfour, who had been in government until the month before the election, lost more than half their seats, including Balfour's own seat in Manchester East. This left the party with its fewest recorded seats ever in history.

Daniel Bernoulli

Daniel Bernoulli (February 8, 1700 - March 8, 1782) was a Swiss mathematician and one of many famous mathematicians in the House of Bernoulli. He is remembered for his mathematical applications to mechanics, especially fluid mechanics, as well as for his pioneering work in probability and statistics. Bernoulli's scientific work is also studied in many schools around the world .
Daniel Bernoulli was born in Groningen, Netherlands. His father was Johann Bernoulli, his grandfather was Jacob Bernoulli, and his brother of Johann II. He was said to have a bad relationship with his father. They participated together and tied in a scientific context at the University of Paris. Johann was unable to bear the shame of having to compete with his son that banned Daniel from their house. Johann Bernoulli also stole some key ideas from Daniel's book Hydrodynamica to write his own book Hydraulica before Hydrodynamica was published. Despite Daniel's efforts to reconcile, his father carried the enmity until his death.

When Daniel was seven, his younger brother Johann Bernoulli II was born. While he was still in school, his father Johann encouraged him to study business. However, Daniel refused, because he wanted to study mathematics. But he then followed his father's will and studied business. His father then asked him to study medicine, and Daniel agreed with the condition that his father would teach him mathematics privately.

He had a close friendship with Leonhard Euler. He arrived St. Petersburg in 1724 as professor of mathematics. But with unhappiness there, Bernoulli fell ill in 1733 giving him an excuse to leave. He returned to the University of Basel, where he successfully held chairs in medicine, metaphysics and natural philosophy, until his death.

His first mathematical work was Exercitationes, which was published in 1724 with the help of Goldbach. Two years later, he showed for the first time the analysis of an object's motion into translational and rotational motion. Daniel Bernoulli's main work is the Hydrodynamique (Hydrodynamica) published in 1738, it was similar to Joseph Louis Lagrange's Mécanique Analytique. It classified the results into a single principle, the conservation of energy. Bernoulli also wrote a large number of different questions in the field of mechanics, especially problems connected with vibrating strings, and the solutions were given by Brook Taylor and Jean le Rond d'Alembert.

Daniel Bernoulli was the first to formulate the aerodynamic theory, and he applied the ideas to explain Robert Boyle's laws.

He worked with Euler on physical elasticity, developing the Bernoulli equation, Bernoulli's principle, and aerodynamics .



Index (publishing)

An index is a detailed list of information in a printed publication. This information can include names of people, places, things, events, or ideas that a reader may want to find. Next to each name is a page number. 

In a printed book, the index is found at the end. It should not be mixed up with the table of contents, which is placed near the beginning of the book. The table of contents gives the order of chapters within the book. The index is different from the table of contents because it gives the page location of detailed information inside the book. 

The words in an index are given in alphabetical order, first words beginning with A, then with B, then with C, and so forth.

Indexing as we know it today had to grow over a long time of history. It depended on the invention of the alphabet. It depended on the invention of the book (or codex, at first). And, as we have it today, it depended on the invention of the printed book. Gutenberg's printing press of around 1440 made this possible. The first printed index is found in St. Augustine's "De arte praedicandi". This book was made in the early 1460s in Mainz, Germany by the printers of the Gutenberg bible.

Indexes today are usually made by paid professionals who are hired by the publisher when the book is ready to be printed. Often these indexers are members of professional groups, such as the Society of Indexers in Britain or the American Society for Indexing. 


Blood II: The Chosen

Blood II: The Chosen is a first-person shooter video game developed by Monolith Productions and distributed by GT Interactive. Unlike the first installment, Blood, which was set in 1928, it takes place in the year 2028, so in addition to conventional weapons and magical items also incorporates science fiction technology, mostly falling under the cyberpunk genre, and elements of dystopian fiction. Much like its predecessor, the game contains a significant amount of graphic violence and black humor.

Carmageddon

Carmageddon is a vehicular combat video game released for personal computers in 1997. It was produced by Stainless Games and published by Interplay Productions and Sales Curve Interactive. It was later ported to other platforms, and spawned a series.

Law Lords

A Law Lord, officially called a Lord of Appeal in Ordinary, was a judge given a place in the British House of Lords. The law was changed in 2009, so no more have been made since then. Since then judges are made Justices of the Supreme Court of the United Kingdom.

Before 1876 the House of Lords was the highest court in the United Kingdom, but it did not actually have judges. After that the most senior judges were made members, and formed a committee to hear appeals. There were 3 to start with but the number was increased to 12.

Julian Casablancas

Julian Fernando Casablancas (born August 23, 1978) is an American singer and songwriter. He is best known as the singer and songwriter for The Strokes. The Strokes is an American rock band. Casablancas has been in The Strokes since it was made in 1998. He has made six studio albums with the band. He is also a member of The Voidz, an experimental rock band. He has made two albums with them.

In 2009, Casablancas made an independent record label. It was named Cult Records. He has also made music alone. He made an album named "Phrazes for the Young". It was released in 2009. Casablancas has won two Grammy Awards. He won one for being on the album "Random Access Memories" by Daft Punk, and another for "The New Abnormal" by The Strokes.

Equity (British trade union)

Equity, which used to be called the British Actors' Equity Association, is the trade union for the performing arts and entertainment industries.

It started in 1930 in London. In 2021, it had more than 46,000 members.

National Union of Mineworkers (Great Britain)

The National Union of Mineworkers is a trade union for coal miners in Great Britain, formed in 1945 from the Miners' Federation of Great Britain. That started in Newport, Monmouthshire in 1888.

It had around 170,000 members when Arthur Scargill became leader in 1981. In 2015 the active membership was around 100.

Hachimantai, Iwate

From Japanese census data,


Platymantis pygmaeus

The pygmy forest frog ("Platymantis pygmaeus") is a frog. It lives in the Philippines on Luzon Island and Sibuyan. Scientists have seen it between 400 and 1000 meters above sea level.

Mark Lindsay

Mark Lindsay was the singer for Paul Revere & the Raiders.

Phil Volk

Phil Volk is an American bassist. In the past, he has worked with Paul Revere & the Raiders. 

During the 1970s and 1980s, he was apart of the Disneyland band "The Friendship Train".

The Troggs

The Troggs are a band from England, known for their 1966 song Wild Thing. The original members were: Reg Presley (lead vocals), Chris Britton (guitar), Pete Staples (bass) and Ronnie Bond (drums). Ronnie bond died in 1992, and Presley in 2013. The only original member still performing in the band is guitarist Chris Britton.

The Cyrkle

The Cyrkle are an American band. They opened for The Beatles. They are known for their songs Red Rubber Ball and Turn Down Day.

915

915 was a common year starting on Sunday.


Lemmings 3D

Lemmings 3D released in Japan and PAL regions as 3D Lemmings is a puzzle video game developed by Clockwork Games and published by Psygnosis Limited for DOS and Saturn and also published by Sony Computer Entertainment for the PlayStation home console. The gameplay is similiar to "Lemmings" original game, requires player to lead all the lemmings to their exit by giving them the appropriate "skills". It was the first installment of "Lemmings" series in 3D.

Clash of the Titans: The Video Game

Clash of the Titans: The Video Game or simply known as Clash of the Titans is a action-adventure video game developed by Game Rerpublic and developed by Namco Bandai Games for PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 and Glu Games for BlackBerry. Based on film of the same name, which is used an hack and slash combat. Some on the fights end with quick time sequence. Player can collected some points, to upgrade their weapons. In some sections, the player can able to used their weapons removed, and has to fight by hands. Player can able perform both light and heavy attacks, and also can hold buttons to release special attacks.

Bekaboo

Bekaboo () is an Indian fantasy television series. It premiered on 18 March 2023 on Colors TV. It was produced by Ekta Kapoor and Shobha Kapoor under Balaji Telefilms.

The series stars Shalin Bhanot, Eisha Singh and Antara Biswas.


The series was announced on Colors TV by Balaji Telefilms. Shalin Bhanot, Eisha Singh and Antara Biswas were signed as the lead. It is the remake of French novel "Beauty and the Beast". The shooting of the series started in February 2023, with Shivangi Joshi joining the cast. The promo featuring the leads was released on 22 February 2023.


Northcote, Christchurch

Northcote is a northern suburb of Christchurch, New Zealand. The suburb was named after Stafford Northcote (1818-1887). It is located near the suburbs of Papanui in the southwest, Casebrook in the northwest and Mairehau in the east.

Neuropeptide

Neuropeptides are chemical messengers made up of small chains of amino acids. When they bind to receptors, they cause nerve activity. They also act on other tissues like the gut, muscles, and heart. There are over a hundred different types in our bodies.

Peptides are ancient signalling systems that are in almost all animals on Earth (sponges are the exception). 

Neuropeptide signalling may predate the development of nervous tissues or neurotransmitters. They are the largest and most varied type of signalling molecules in the nervous system. 

Tharla Tar Mag

Tharla Tar Mag! is an Indian Marathi language drama series airing on Star Pravah.



Tuzech Mi Geet Gaat Aahe

Tuzech Mi Geet Gaat Aahe is an Indian Marathi language drama series airing on Star Pravah.



Best Ogedegbe

Best Ogedegbe (3 September 1954 – 28 September 2009), also known as Anthony Best Ogedegbe, was a Nigerian football goalkeeper.

He played with Shooting Stars F.C. most of his career, and was the goalkeeper when Shooting Stars won Nigeria's first continental trophy, the African Cup Winners Cup in 1976.

Ogedegbe played for the Nigeria national football team (then known as the "Green Eagles") when they won the 1980 African Cup of Nations. He also represented Nigeria at the 1980 Summer Olympics in Moscow.

Ogedegbe was an assistant coach during the 2008-09 season for the Dolphins F.C. He was also a former assistant with Wikki Tourists and the 2008 Summer Olympics silver medalist team.

He died, aged 55 at the University College Hospital in Ibadan on 28 September 2009. He had done eye operation the previous week, but had gone into a coma following complications from the operation.

List of Iranic people from Turkey

The Iranic peoples in Turkey are mainly Kurds and Zazas and also Persians and Ossetians.





Natural Blues

"Natural Blues" is a 2000 song by Moby and is the fifth single from his fifth studio album "Play". It topped the single charts in Iceland and went to number 7 in Scotland, number 9 in France and Italy, number 11 in the United Kingdom. It did not chart in Australia and New Zealand.





Histidine

Histidine (symbol His or H) is an essential amino acid. It is used in the biosynthesis of proteins. It is a positively charged amino acid. 

Originally it was thought essential only for infants. It has now been shown to be essential for adults also. It is encoded by the codons CAU and CAC.

Histidine was first isolated by Albrecht Kossel and Sven Gustaf Hedin in 1896. It is also a precursor to histamine, a vital inflammatory agent in immune responses.

Gbenga Ogedegbe

Gbenga Ogedegbe is a Nigerian American doctor whose mission is "to bring healthcare into the diverse neighbourhoods of New York City to meet the unique health needs". He is a Professor of Population Health and Medicine at New York University and he holds other medical positions in the country.
Ogedegbe was born in Lagos. He attended Hussey College, Warri. He decided that he wanted to be a doctor at the age of eight. After finishing high school, he studied medicine at Donetsk National University in Ukraine. Soon after completing his medical degree he moved to the United States, where he was a medical resident at Montefiore Medical Center. He later joined Columbia University, where he completed a Master's degree in public health. He held research fellowships in both the Weill Cornell Medicine College and Albert Einstein College of Medicine.

Table of contents

A table of contents, or Contents, is a list near the beginning of a book. It shows the parts of the book, from its beginning to its end. These parts can include an introduction or preface, chapter titles, notes, list of figures or illustrations, acknowledgments, an appendix, and an index. After each part, a page number is given. This shows where that part begins. A line of dots sometimes goes from the part's name to the page number.

Stanley Kunitz

Stanley Jasspon Kunitz (July 29, 1905 - May 14, 2006) was an American poet.

Kunitz was born in Worcester, Massachusetts in 1905. 

He went to Harvard College. He got his bachelor's degree in 1926 and a master's degree in 1927. After being in the U. S. Army during World War II, he was a teacher at Bennington College in Vermont, then Columbia, Yale, Princeton, Rutgers, and the University of Washington.

In 1959, he won the Pulitzer Prize in Poetry for "Selected Poems 1928-1958". In 1995, he won the National Book Award for "Passing Through: The Later Poems, New and Selected".

He was the U.S. Consultant in Poetry from 1974 to 1976. And he was the U.S. Poet Laureate for 2000-2001. 

He was 100 years old when he died in New York City in 2006.



Acetylcysteine

Acetylcysteine, also known as "N"-acetylcysteine (NAC) or Acetadone, is a medication. It is used to treat paracetamol overdose and to loosen thick mucus when someone has pneumonia or bronchitis or other (similar) chronic bronchopulmonary disorders. It has been used to treat lactobezoar in infants. It can be taken intravenously, by mouth, or inhaled as a mist. Some people use it as a dietary supplement.

Acetylcysteine is the "N"-acetyl derivative of the amino acid -cysteine. It is a precursor, when the human body makes the antioxidant glutathione.

Ogedegbe (surname)

Ogedegbe is a Nigerian surname. Notable people with the surname include:




New Horizons University

New Horizons University, also known by the acronym UNH, is a private university,located in the Gambela district of the city of Lubumbashi, Democratic Republic of Congo.

The university started functioning in October 2016. It has a multilingual (French and English) curriculum based on the LMD scheme (License, Master, Doctorate).

In 2018, UNH organized a workshop on entrepreneurship. OHADA Codes and other publications were offered to the library of New Horizons University by UNIDA.

Professor Alexis Takizala, is the current rector of UNH.

New Horizons University has various faculties and departments, including Information Technology, Business Management and Medical.

Alice Notley

Alice Notley (born November 8, 1945) is an American poet.

Notley was born in 1945 in Arizona. She grew up in California. She went to college and got a bachelors degree at Barnard College in 1967. In 1969, she got a master of fine arts degree from the the Writers’ Workshop at the University of Iowa.

She married the poet Ted Berrigan in 1972. They had two sons. They lived in Chicago until 1976. Then they moved to New York City. Berrigan died in 1983. She married British writer Douglas Oliver in 1988 and moved to Paris.

For her writing, Notley has been given the Arts and Letters Award from the American Academy of Arts and the Shelley Memorial Award from the Poetry Society of America. In 2002, her "Disobedience" won the International Griffin Poetry Prize.

As a woman poet, Notley has said that one of her goals was to think about "subjects that hadn't been broached much in poetry and of how it seemed one had to disobey the past and the practices of literary males in order to talk about what was going on most literarily around one, the pregnant body, and babies for example. There were no babies in poetry then. How could that have been? What are we leaving out now?" 




Wedgwood

Wedgwood is an English fine china, porcelain and luxury accessories manufacturer. It was founded on 1 May 1759 by the potter Josiah Wedgwood in Stoke on Trent. The firm was very successful in the eighteenth century. They had huge sales all over Europe and America, but his descendants were less successful. The firm was based in Etruria, next to the Trent and Mersey canal in Burslem until 1938 when Josiah Wedgwood V moved it to a new site in Barlaston, a few miles to the south.

The move was successful and the firm was turned into a limited company in 1967. It took over many other pottery firms in Stoke. In 1986 there were 12,000 people working for the company across the world and it had sales of £152 million. In 1987 the company merged with Waterford Crystal. The new company was called Waterford Wedgwood plc. It took over companies in other countries and by 1999 it had $300 million debts. After 2001 it started sacking workers. In 2005 it bought the Royal Doulton company, which had a factory in Tangerang, Indonesia. The pottery was all made there. In 2008 it had debts of £470 million and assets of only £50 million. Most of the remaining workers were sacked. 

The business was bought by Fiskars Group, a Finnish company in 2015.

Trent &amp; Mersey Canal

The Trent and Mersey Canal is a 93⁄-mile (150 km) canal in Derbyshire, Staffordshire and Cheshire. It was made to link the River Trent in Derbyshire to the River Mersey, connecting the ports of Hull and Liverpool. 

The plan was made by the canal engineer James Brindley. It was agreed by an Act of Parliament in 1766 and the first sod was cut by Josiah Wedgwood in July that year at Burslem. In 1777, the canal was completed, including more than 70 locks and five tunnels. Wedgwood used the canal to bring clay into his potteries and to send the finished products to Liverpool. He built his factory village called Etruria on the outskirts of Stoke-on-Trent, close to the canal. 

Between Middlewich and the northern end of the canal in Preston Brook Tunnel, is the Victorian Anderton Boat Lift, which lowers boats fifty feet from the canal to the River Weaver. Just North of Stoke is the Harecastle Tunnel. Brindley built the first tunnel which was 2,880 yards (2,630 m) long, and boats were moved through by men lying on their backs and pushing against the roof with their feet. Thomas Telford built a second, wider, parallel tunnel with a towpath in 1827. The first tunnel was later closed because the land sank. 

James Brindley

James Brindley (1716 – 27 September 1772) was an English engineer. He was born in Tunstead, Derbyshire, and lived much of his life in Leek, Staffordshire. He was one of the most notable engineers of the 18th century.

In 1750 he rented a millwright's shop in Burslem from the Wedgwoods who became his lifelong friends. He built several flint mills for the pottery trade. He was involved in the building of the Bridgewater Canal and the Trent & Mersey Canal. In total Brindley built 365 miles (587 km) of canals and many watermills, including the Staffordshire and Worcestershire Canal, the Coventry Canal, the Oxford Canal and numerous others, and he also constructed the watermill at Leek, which is now the Brindley Water Museum.

Thomas Telford

Thomas Telford (9 August 1757 – 2 September 1834) was a Scottish civil engineer. One of his earliest works can still be seen on the bridge across the River Esk in Langholm in Dumfries and Galloway

From 1787 he designed churches, roads and canals in Shropshire. He built 40 bridges in Shropshire, including major crossings of the Severn at Buildwas, and Bridgnorth. The bridge at Buildwas was Telford's first iron bridge. In 1793 he managed the detailed design and construction of the Ellesmere Canal, to join the ironworks and collieries of Wrexham with Chester, using the existing Chester Canal, and then the River Mersey. This involved the spectacular Pontcysyllte Aqueduct over the River Dee in the Vale of Llangollen, where Telford used a new method of construction consisting of troughs made from cast iron plates and fixed in masonry. Running for over 1,000 feet (300 metres) 126 ft (38 m) above the valley floor, the Pontcysyllte Aqueduct has nineteen arches, each with a 45 ft (14 m) span. 

Then he designed lots of projects in his native Scotland, including the building of the Caledonian Canal, as well as harbours and tunnels and some 920 miles (1,480 km) of new roads and over a thousand new bridges in the Highlands of Scotland. He built the Menai Suspension Bridge, the longest suspension bridge at the time. He was called the Colossus of Roads (a pun on the Colossus of Rhodes), and he was elected as the first president of the Institution of Civil Engineers, which he held for 14 years until his death.

The town of Telford in Shropshire is named after him.

Caledonian Canal

The Caledonian Canal connects the Scottish east coast at Inverness with the west coast at Corpach near Fort William in Scotland. The canal was built in the early nineteenth century by the Scottish engineer Thomas Telford. It is about 60 miles (100 kilometres) long and reaches 106 feet (32 metres) above sea level. Only one third of the entire length is man-made, the rest is made up of Loch Dochfour, Loch Ness, Loch Oich, and Loch Lochy in the Great Glen. There are 29 locks, four aqueducts and 10 bridges in the course of the canal.

It was designed partly as a job creation project, as many people were leaving Scotland. It was also for ships to avoid the dangerous journey around the north of Scotland past Cape Wrath and the Pentland Firth. It was paid for with government money, unlike most British canals, with an Act of Parliament in 1803. The locks were built to take 32-gun frigates for the Royal Navy.

It opened in 1822 and cost £910,000.

Part of Corpach double lock collapsed in 1843 and the canal was closed for repairs, and made deeper. Queen Victoria took a trip along it in 1873 and it became more of a tourist attraction than a shipping route. It is now is now a Scheduled Ancient Monument.

Kemalism

Kemalism is a political philosophy or ideology which was used when the Republic of Turkey was founded in 1923. It is named afer Mustafa Kemal Atatürk. Atatürk defined six principles, which he called arrows:
Since 2001, there are tendencies to give Islam a higher presence in society, and to make Kemallism less important.

2002 (song)

"2002" is a 2018 song by English singer Anne-Marie and written by Ed Sheeran. It went to the top ten in Australia, Austria, Czech Republic, Ireland, Malaysia, Scotland, Singapore, South Korea and the United Kingdom. It also made number 12 in New Zealand.

Fool (If You Think It's Over)

"Fool (If You Think It's Over)" is a 1978 song by English singer Chris Rea and taken from his debut studio album "Whatever Happened to Benny Santini?". It went to number 12 in the United States, number 15 in Canada, number 25 in the Netherlands, number 30 in the United Kingdom, number 31 in New Zealand and number 39 in Australia. The song's success earned Rea a Grammy nomination in 1979. It was covered by Elkie Brooks in 1981 and went to number 6 in Ireland, number 17 in the United Kingdom and number 18 in South Africa.

Gloria (U2 song)

"Gloria" is a 1981 song by Irish rock band U2 and is the opening track and the second single from their second studio album "October". It went to number 55 in the United Kingdom but was more successful in Ireland where it peaked at #10 and New Zealand where it peaked at #15.

1962–63 Austrian Cup

The 1962-63 Austrian Cup was Austria's nationwide football cup competition. FK Austria Wien were the defending champions. 

First round with teams from the first and second league.

Replay matches:

Gernot Fraydl - Peter Vargo - Karl Stotz - Johann Löser - Alfred Gager - Horst Paproth - Waldemar Graciano - Johann Buzek - Horst Nemec - Johann Geyer - Walter Schleger <br>coach: Edmund Frühwirth
Helmut Kitzmüller - Alfred Teinitzer - Helmut Linossi - Heinz Oberparleiter - Gerhard Sturmberger - Rudolf Sabetzer - Gyula Szabo - Carlos Lima - Laszlo Nemeth - Paul Kozlicek - Ferdinand Zechmeister<br> coaches: Josef Brunetzky/Karl Schlechta

Belfast, New Zealand

Belfast () is a suburb of Christchurch. It is north of the city and is close to the Waimakariri River. It is named after Belfast in Northern Ireland. It was once separated from the city until 2000 when it was joined up the subdivision of Northwood. It has a school and freezing works in the suburb. The most notable resident is New Zealand cricketing great Shane Bond.

Harry Secombe

Sir Harold Donald Secombe CBE (8 September 1921 – 11 April 2001) was a Welsh actor, comedian, singer and television presenter. He was born in Swansea. Secombe was a member of the British radio comedy programme "The Goon Show" (1951–1960), playing many characters, most notably Neddie Seagoon. A tenor singer, he also appeared in musicals and films – notably as Mr Bumble in "Oliver!" (1968) – and, in his later years, was a presenter of television shows with hymns. 

Outpatient clinic

An outpatient department or outpatient clinic is the part of a hospital for people with health problems who visit the hospital for diagnosis or treatment, but do not at this time need to stay in the hospital. Modern outpatient departments offer a wide range of treatment services, diagnostic tests and surgical procedures.

In the past patients with long term problems would come regularly to these clinics, sometimes once a year and sometimes more often. The COVID-19 pandemic meant this was seen as dangerous, so there has been a big increase in the use of telephone, video and email to check up on people. There has also been a big increase in what is called patient-initiated follow-up appointments or PIFU. It is down to the patient to contact the hospital if they think they need medical help. 

Within the NHS there is now agreement that a “large proportion of patients can be managed without setting foot in a physical clinic”.

Virtual wards

On the Beach (Chris Rea album)

On the Beach is the eighth studio album by English singer Chris Rea and released on 1 April, 1986 through Magnet Records. It is a follow-up to the successful 1985 album "Shamrock Diaries". It went to number 1 in the Netherlands, number 2 in Germany, number 4 in New Zealand, number 7 in Norway, number 10 in Switzerland, number 11 in the United Kingdom and Sweden and number 20 in Austria.

Shamrock Diaries

Shamrock Diaries is the seventh studio album by English singer Chris Rea and released 17 May, 1985 through Magnet Records. It was a huge seller in Europe and charted best in the Netherlands where it peaked at #3. It also reached the top 50 in Australia.

All songs by Chris Rea

Mae Busch

Mae Busch (born Annie May Busch ; June 18, 1891-April 20, 1946) is an Australian silent movie actress who moves to Los Angeles in 1914 but she is always in Laurel and Hardy's Thirteen movies from the Hal Roach Studios in 1927 and 1936. 


It's All Gone

"It's All Gone" is a 1986 song by English singer Chris Rea and is the leading single from his eighth studio album "On the Beach". It went to number 14 in Ireland, number 32 in Belgium, number 37 in the Netherlands and number 69 in the United Kingdom.




Secretary of State for Health and Social Care

The Secretary of State for Health and Social Care, often called the health secretary, is a secretary of state in the Government of the United Kingdom, responsible for the work of the Department of Health and Social Care. They are a member of the Cabinet of the United Kingdom. The first one was in 1968. For 30 years, from 1988 to 2018, it was called Secretary of State for Health. Before 1988 the department was the Department of Health and Social Security.

Since devolution in 1999, the responsibility for the NHS is mostly the health service in England, with the ministers in Scotland and Wales responsible for the NHS in Scotland and Wales.

The current health secretary is Victoria Atkins who was appointed by Rishi Sunak on 13 November 2023.

Fosen conflict

The Fosen conflict is an ongoing Norwegian conflict regarding environmentalism on the Fosen peninsula, Trøndelag county. The Supreme Court ruled that wind turbines (on Fosen) have been built unlawfully. The Supreme Court ruled in October 2021 that the wind turbines (on Fosen), violate the indigenous rights of the Sámi people. The Fosen conflict has resulted in civil disobedience; in 2023, Greta Thunberg and others were blocking entrances to (government) ministries in Oslo; the police moved them out of the way. On March 2, 2023, protesters were blocking entrances to (government) ministries in Oslo; protesters were arrested, brought to ["the central arrest (facility)"] "sentralarresten" and given a fine. On Svalbard, students at the folk high school protested the visit of the prime minister; and walls at the school, were covered with protests [or messages of protest]. In the afternoon, the president of the Sami Parliament (Norway) and the Minister of Energy had a meeting; they held a press conference, following the meeting; the minister said that he apologised on behalf of the Cabinet (Norway) - for the violation of human rights, that had happened, in regard to [the decisions resulting from the case work,] "konsesjonsvedtakene". The same afternoon, the prime minister wrote that today the Cabinet is apologising to the Sami practitioners (at Fosen) of reindeer husbandry ("reindriftsamene") , for the violations of their human rights, because of the significant negative impact on those practitioners' opportunities to practice their culture. In the evening, the prime minister met (in a church), with some of the young[er] protesters. Later that evening, the spokeswoman for the protesters that attended that meeting, said that there are "demands of ours" that must be fulfilled immediately; furthermore, a final decision has to be made, and "our demand" is that the wind turbines (at Fosen) be dismantled, and the [use of] the land, returned to the Sami at Fosen, she said. The prime minister invited the Sami practitioners (at Fosen) of reindeer husbandry, for a breakfast (on 3 March); practitioners (from Fosen) and the prime minister and a few other politicians had a breakfast meeting (at "Statsministerens kontor"). Around 15 minutes after the end of the breakfast meeting, one of the leading protesters, called off the 8-day long protest; however, [a few hundred people,] activists [and supporters] gathered at "royal palace's square" for a sit-down protest that lasted a few hours.

The police have filed reports against 32 protesters; Fines have not been set (as of March 8, 2023).

Activists started (June 26) blocking roads to wind turbines at Roan, Åfjord municipality; 4 activists were told (June 29) by police to go away; 2 of those were removed by the police.

In October, the lawyer for the reindeer owners at North Fosen, said that his side will meet with a mediator and the government, in November; that lawyer (for the reindeer owners at North Fosen) says that there will be no more mediation after that meeting. (Earliere in the month, media said that there are no longer consultations going on between the "Sami of Fosen" ("Fosen-samene") and the Cabinet (Norway) and the Sami parliament (Norway).)

The "minister of oil and energy" said (2023's fourth quarter) that taking down all the wind turbines at Fosen, is not going to happen, for now.

On 22 November, media said the activists that did not follow orders from the police (on the night of February 27), now are being fined. The amount of money, in regard to each person's fine, is Norwegian kroner 5,000.

Response to the Fosen conflict: the leader of [ trade union of the personnel of locomotives,] "Lokomotivpersonalets Forening Oslo" wrote to media that "When injustice becomes law, then resistance becomes [a] duty. We give our full support to the resistance fight of the Sami of Fosen".

The chief editor of Finansavisen said in his editorial (October 25), suggested that there are around 6 or 8 Sami families at Fosen; Furthermore he said that giving each family Norwegian kroner one million per year, should be enough to take care of the economic side [of the controversy].

['The Norwegian judges' association'] "Den Norske Dommerforening" has written to parliament and the Cabinet, according to media in November; furhermore, the association has requested that parliament and the Cabinet, respect the verdict in the supreme court; furthermore, the association has also asked that parliament and Cabinet, explain how they will uphold the rule of law and human rights.


Apus (bird)

Apus is a genus of birds in the family Apodidae. They are called swifts in English. Not all swifts are in genus "Apus", but all birds in "Apus" are swifts.

Italian naturalist Giovanni Antonio Scopoli made the genus "Apus" in 1777. He did it by looking at tautonymy and the common swift. Carl Linnaeus named the common swift "Hirundo apus" in 1758. The name "Apus" is Latin for a swift. The word is from Ancient Greek : α, "a", "without," and πούς, "pous", "foot." People thought they were swallows without feet.

Before the 1950s, scientists disagreed about which animals should have the name "Apus". In 1801, Bosc gave the small crustacean animals that we call "Triops" today the genus name "Apus," and later writers continued to use it for them. In 1909, Keilhack said this was incorrect because there was already a group of birds called "Apus". It was not until 1958 that the scientists in the International Commission on Zoological Nomenclature (ICZN) decided to use the name for only birds.

The genus has 20 species:


Some birds in "Apus" are dead. Scientists learned about them from fossils, marks that their bones left in rocks:

Scientists say the bird ""Apus" ignotus" is really in "Procypseloides".

Pizza Tower

Pizza Tower is a 2023 platform game created by the indie developer Tour De Pizza and released for Windows. The game follows pizza chef Peppino Spaghetti as he traverses a tower to save his pizzeria.

The gameplay consists of increasing score, keeping combos going, finding secrets, and moving fast. Peppino has a lot of moves and attacks to do these things. At the end of each level, the player activates an escape sequence in which they must return to the beginning of the level while a timer goes down. Unlike most other platform games, the player does not have health or lives. 

"Pizza Tower" was released on January 26, 2023. It was positively received by reviewers and players alike. They praised its gameplay, aesthetics, music, humor, and similarities to the "Wario Land" series. 

Henry Wirz

Henry Wirz, born Hartmann Heinrich Wirz (25 November 1823 - 10 November 1865) was a Swiss-American officer who was executed in 1865 after he was accused of overseeing 13,000 Union detainees die from illness.

Henry Wirz was born on 25 November 1823 in Zurich, Switzerland.

Waldemar Graciano

Waldemar Graciano (4 February 1938 in São Paulo – 6 December 2010 in Innsbruck), called Jacaré (Portuguese crocodile), was a Brazilian-Austrian football player and coach. He played as a striker. After playing for several teams in Brazil, he moved to Austria Wien in April 1962. He became the first Brazilian and the first dark-skinned player in Austrian professional football.

He played for EC XV de Novembro (Piracicaba) and Ituano FC in Brazil. A sports journalist, Alice Kaufmann, brought the 24-year-old to Austria for a transfer fee of 250,000 Schillings. Josef Argauer, then section head of Wiener Austria, was not satisfied with the rather slender player. The newcomer had not been able to be observed in advance and a giant was expected.

His first appearance in a friendly against Újpest Budapest was seen by 52,000 people in the the Prater Stadium. During his time in Vienna he was champion and runner-up once and won the cup twice with Austria.

Graciano became an Austrian citizen after his active career. He married a woman from Tyrol and moved to Innsbruck, where he ran a record business. In 1999 he suffered a stroke.

He died in December 2010 at the age of 72.

The Legend of Zelda: Tears of the Kingdom

The Legend of Zelda: Tears of the Kingdom is a 2023 action-adventure game developed and published by Nintendo for the Nintendo Switch. The sequel to "The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild" (2017), "Tears of the Kingdom" keeps aspects including the open world of Hyrule, which has been expanded to allow for more vertical exploration. The player controls Link as he searches for Princess Zelda and fights to stop the Demon King from destroying the world.

Upon release, the game received critical acclaim for its improvements, expanded open world, and features encouraging exploration and explosions. It sold more than 10 million copies in its first three days of release and over 18.51 million copies by June 2023, making it one of the best-selling games on the Nintendo Switch.

Palantir Technologies

Palantir Technologies is an information technology company based in Denver, Colorado. it was founded by Peter Thiel. 

The company's name comes from "The Lord of the Rings" where the magical "palantíri" were "seeing-stones."

Palantir Gotham is used by the United States Intelligence Community. It is also used by German state police in Hesse and by police in Denmark to assess how likely people are to commit crimes. 

Palantir Foundry was used by NHS England in dealing with the COVID-19 pandemic in England to analyze the operation of the vaccination program. The contract was extended in 2023.

Palantir Metropolis is used by hedge funds, banks, and financial services firms.

The company has been publicly supporting Ukraine in the war with Russia and opened an office in Kyiv in 2022. 

Naomi's forest frog

Naomi's forest frog ("Platymantis naomii") is a frog. It lives in the Philippines on Luzon Island. Scientists saw it 1400 meters above sea level.

C&amp;A

C&A is a multinational retail clothing company, with European head offices in Vilvoorde, Belgium, and Düsseldorf, Germany. It started in 1841. The company has about 1,300 stores in Europe and 300 stores in Brazil as well as websites for online shopping. It also licenses the C&A name for stores in Mexico and China, which are under different ownership.

The Brenninkmeijer family owns the C&A group through its Swiss company COFRA Group. There are about 60 members of the family involved, since the 1990s including women.

Matamata

Matamata () is a town in the Waikato, New Zealand and located on State Highway 27. It is part of the Matamata-Piako District and is near the Kaimai Ranges. It is the home of Hobbit Movie Set in the Peter Jackson movie set of "Lord of the Rings".

Darasbari Mosque

Darasbari Mosque is a mosque with a lot of history. It was built in the year 1479 in the city of Shibganj, Upazila, in the Chapai Nawabganj District of Bangladesh. It is located about one kilometer away from Kotwali Gate and half a kilometre from Choto Sona Mosque.

The mosque was built by a sultan named Shamsuddin Yusuf Shah, son of Barbak Shah. It is made of bricks, but the pillars are made of stone. It used to have a roof with 24 domes and 4 chachalaca vaults, but now they have all fallen down.

The mosque is 34 meters long and 20.6 meters wide on the outside, 30.3 meters long and 11.7 meters wide on the inside. The prayer room is accessed from the east through seven pointed-arch openings from the verandah. There are also three pointed archways on the southern wall and two on the northern wall.

Inside the prayer chamber, there are the remains of a royal gallery to its northwest corner. The qiblah wall has eleven mihrabs, two of which belong to the royal gallery at the upper level. The mosque used to have terracotta plaques that were decorated, but some of them have disappeared over time.

The architecture of this mosque is known as Bengali Sultanate Architecture, which is a combination of local and Sultanate styles. It represents the people, land, air, and water of the region. The Sultanate style was used by the Sultans who ruled Bengal for a long time. This style is famous for making mosques and tombs in Bangladesh.

Mughal Tahakhana

The Mughal Tahakhana or Shah Shuja Tahakhana is a three-story building that used to be a palace. It's located in Gauḍa in the Firozpur area, 15 km away from Chapai Nawabganj District in Shahbajpur Union at Shibganj Upazila.

Shah Shuja, who was the Subahdar of Bengal, built this palace in honor of his Murshed Shah Syed Niyamatullah. He built it between 1619 and 1658 to keep the palace cool in the winter. There's a famous saying that Shah Shuja used to stay in the middle room when he came to meet his Murshed.

The Tahakhana Complex has many unknown graves, believed to be companions or Khadems of Shah Syed Niyamatullah. The building's architecture is unique and rare, like Gauḍa. The ceilings and partitions are made of concrete casting, and the building is made mostly of bricks. Black stones were used for the threshold and wooden vim for the plain roof.

The palace has a mosque and Tahakhana on the Dafe-ul-Balah lake, with two staircases sunk into the lake. Two more structures, a three-domed mosque and a one-domed tomb with a bolted veranda are on the northwest side of the palace. All the buildings were built at the same time and are considered complex units.

From the west side, the building appears to be single-storied, but it is assumed to be double-storied from the east side. The rooms were directly raised from the archway from the lake. There's a hammam on the west side of the building that gets its water from an octagonal reservoir.

The complex has a small family mosque on the north, and at its backside, there's an open room connected to an octagonal tower, which was possibly used for contemplation. This tower balanced the complex. The palace is engraved and plastered with Mughal architecture.

Yellow Ledbetter

"Yellow Ledbetter" is a 1992 song by alternative rock band Pearl Jam and is the B-side to their 1992 single "Jeremy". It was never released as a single and it remains one of their popular songs. It was used in the series finale of the NBC sitcom "Friends".

Te Aroha

Te Aroha () is a rural town in the Waikato, New Zealand and is located on State Highway 26. It is 53 kilometers northeast of Hamilton and 50 kilometers of Thames. It is on the foot of the Kaimai Ranges. It has two primary schools, one high school and one Catholic primary school located within the town.

Anticodon

Anticodons are part of the translation process of protein synthesis. Anticodons on the tRNA connect onto the mRNA's matching codons. All tRNAs have their own anticodon and carry amino acid. For more, see translation.

Midhirst

Midhirst is a small village in the Taranaki Region, New Zealand. It is located four kilometers north of Stratford, 17 kilometers south of Inglewood and 35 kilometers southeast of New Plymouth. It has a primary school in the village.

Gerhard Sturmberger

Gerhard Sturmberger ( 1 May 1940 in Klagenfurt, Carinthia -13 January 1990 in Klagenfurt, Carinthia) was an Austrian football player. He played as defender. Most of his active career he played for LASK. He also played for the Austrian national football team.
He started his career in his hometown Klagenfurt with ASK Klagenfurt. Thanks to his good performances, Gerhard Sturmberger was brought into the A-League by trainer Josef Epp for Linzer ASK. He played for Linz as a defender for 14 seasons and was captain from 1967 to 1973. The greatest successes in Gerhard Sturmberger's career at LASK were winning the championship in 1964/65 and the ÖFB Cup in the same year. This was the first time a club from the federal states won the championship.

From 1973 to 1976 he played for SK Rapid Wien. After that he played for smaller clubs in Upper Austria and Carinthia including his first club ASK Klagenfurt.
His debut was on 24 March 1965 in a 2-1 away win over France. Sturmberger played a total of 43 international matches in Austria's defense. The majority of them was under Leopold Šťastný. He was also team captain. His last match was on 13 June 1973 in a 1-1 home draw versus Brazil.

Rudolf Sabetzer

Rudolf Sabetzer (28 July 1934 – 25 July 1983) was an Austrian football midfielder. He played for the Austrian national football team. Most of his active career he spent with FK Austria Wien and LASK.
He started his career with SC Schwechat. After seven years with Austria Wien he went on to LASK in Upper Austria. There he won the championship and the Cup. 1966 he went back to Vienna and played for SC Schwechat. After the relegation of Wacker he went to WSG Radenthein.
He debuted on 15 April 1956 in a 2-3 homeloss versus Brazil. His last match was a 0-0 versus Russia on 16 May 1965. Between this matches he only played one game. In his 3 matches for the team he scored two goals.
He managed FAC in the 1982-83 season.

Henry Danger

Henry Danger is an American teen sitcom created by Dan Schneider and Dana Olsen that aired on Nickelodeon from July 26, 2014 to March 21, 2020. The series stars Jace Norman, Cooper Barnes, Riele Downs, Sean Ryan Fox, Ella Anderson, and Michael D. Cohen.

Lake Mead

Lake Mead is a reservoir formed by the Hoover Dam on the Colorado River. It is in the states of Nevada and Arizona. It is the largest reservoir in the US. It provides water to the states of Arizona, California, and Nevada as well as some of Mexico, supporting nearly 20 million people and large areas of farmland.

When it is full, Lake Mead is 112 miles (180 km) long and 532 feet (162 m) at its greatest depth. It is 1,229 feet (375 m) above sea level, has a surface area of 247 square miles (640 km), and contains 28.23 million acre-feet (34.82 km) of water.

It has not been full since 1983. In 2023 it was 29% full.

Paul Kozlicek

Paul Kozlicek (22 July 1937, in Vienna, Austria – 26 November 1999, in Sevilla, Spain) was an Austrian football player.
He started his career together with his older brother Ernst with SC Wacker Wien. In 1959, the two Kozlicek brothers went to LASK. 1962 Ernst Kozlicek went to 1. Schwechater SC. With the LASK Paul won the double in the 1964/65 season after the runner-up in 1962 and the lost cup final in 1963. 1965 he went to SK Admira Wien. With his new club he won also the double in the 1965/66 season. Paul Kozlicek then remained active for Admira until 1971.

He debuted on 25 March 1956 in a 1-3 away loss versus France. His last match was on 9 June 1963 in a 0-1 home loss versus Italy. For Austria he played at the 1958 FIFA World Cup in Sweden. Altogether he played 14 matches for Austria and scored one goal.

Run to You (Bryan Adams song)

"Run to You" is a 1984 song by Canadian rock singer Bryan Adams and is the leading single from his fourth studio album "Reckless". It went to number 4 in Canada, number 6 in the United States, number 8 in Ireland, number 11 in the United Kingdom, number 14 in the Netherlands and New Zealand, number 19 in Belgium and number 24 in Australia.

Welsh Language Society

The welsh protested in 1962 to have rights to speak their home language, the welsh language

Love Ghost (band)

Love Ghost is an American alternative rock band from Los Angeles, California formed by frontman Finnegan Bell, consisting of vocalist/guitarist/founder Finnegan Bell, Cory Batchler (keyboard, bass, background vocals), guitarist Daniel Alcala, and drummer Daniel Gallardo. Finnegan Bell has called the band, "an alternative rock band with hip-hop elements. It's halfway Nirvana, Alice in Chains, halfway $UICIDEBOY$ and Lil Peep. Somewhere in the mix between that."

In 2022 the band was one of 8 bands chosen to play at the iconic Rockpalast festival in Germany. They charted on Apple Music’s “new in rock” on their song “Dirty Pixxx” with rapper Bali Baby in 2022. They also got in Rolling Stone Magazine for their song "Wolfsbane" with Rico Nasty. 

At age 14 and still in eighth grade, founding member Finnegan Bell started an early version of Love Ghost with viola player Mya Green. The band's name came from Finnegan's fascination with love and death.

The band has opened for Buckcherry, Berlin, Smash Mouth, The Young Dubliners, The Tubes, and Fuel.

Love Ghost are known for combining 808 beats and electronic elements  with live guitars, bass and drums.  In 2022 the band was one of 8 bands chosen to play at the iconic Rockpalast festival in Germany.  The band has toured throughout the world,  playing shows in London, Prague, Hamburg, Tokyo, Osaka, Quito, Dublin, Cork, Mexico City and Galway.  They have collaborated with multiple international artists including Rico Nasty, Adan Cruz, Santa RM, Tankurt Manus, Mabiland,Strange Bones,Kamiyada+,  and Original God. Current members include Finnegan Bell (vocals, guitar, songwriter), Daniel Alcala (Guitar, background vocals), Daniel Gallardo (drums), Cory Batchler (keyboard, bass, background vocals).

Jack Spicer

Jack Spicer (January 30, 1925 – August 17, 1965) was an American poet.

Spicer was born in Los Angeles in 1925. He went to college at the University of California at Berkeley. He became good friends with the poets Robin Blaser, and Robert Duncan. They called themselves “The Berkeley Renaissance”. When they moved to San Francisco in the 1950s, they and other poets became known as the San Francisco Renaissance.

In 1950 he would not sign a “loyalty oath” to the United States. He left Berkeley to teach at the University of Minnesota. He returned in 1952 and worked on a Ph.D. in Anglo-Saxon and Old Norse. He never finished his writing for that degree. In 1953 he worked at the California School of Fine Arts. He and five others started the "6" Gallery. That was where Allen Ginsburg and other poets had a famous reading in 1955 that started the Beat movement.

Then he had a job in the rare books room at the Boston Public Library. But he soon went back to California. Duncan got him a job at San Francisco State College to teach a workshop called “Poetry and Magic."

Spicer suffered from alcoholism and depression. He died in 1965 at San Francisco General Hospital. 



PharmaMar

PharmaMar is a pharmaceutical company based in Madrid, Spain. It uses marine resources to develop drugs for cancer and Alzheimer's treatments. It is also involved in molecular testing, including COVID-19 testing, and genetic analysis. Its subsidiary, Sylentis, develops therapies that use RNA interference. The company is listed on the Madrid Stock Exchange and is part of the IBEX 35.

Maven Research Inc

Maven Research Inc. is an international expert and talent networking company. It is one of the most valued companies in its field. The company headquarters are located in Portsmouth, New Hampshire.

Maven Research, Inc. was founded in February 2008 in San Francisco by Wyatt Nordstrom, Anthony D'Alessandro, and Mark Platosh.

In 2013, Maven introduced Knowledge Communities to provide a single source for answers to any professional questions from both internal and external experts.

In 2020, the company was getting selected for the NOIS2 program by NASA.

Enagás

Enagás is a Spanish company that owns and operates the country's gas grid, and has liquefied natural gas regasification terminals in several cities. The company was originally founded by the Spanish government in 1972 and was later privatised in 1994, with Gas Natural acquiring a controlling stake. Enagás demerged from Gas Natural in 2002 and since then, Gas Natural has gradually decreased its stake. The state-owned holding company Sociedad Estatal de Participaciones Industriales (SEPI) holds 5% of Enagás.

Martha Mitchell

Martha Elizabeth Beall Mitchell (September 2, 1918 – May 31, 1976) was the wife of John N. Mitchell, United States Attorney General under President Richard Nixon. Her public comments and interviews during the Watergate scandal led to the creation of The Martha Mitchell effect. This is when a psychiatrist mistakenly identifies a patient's true but extraordinary claims as delusions. Her attempted lies about the Watergate scandal eventually led the press and investigators to uncover the truth behind the scandal.

Mitchell died on May 31, 1976 at a hospital in New York City from problems caused by multiple myeloma at the age of 57.

H₂weh₁yú

H₂weh₁-yú is believed to be a god who controls the wind. He came from Proto Indo European Mythology and many cultures have gods that came from him. His name comes from the Proto-Indo-European word for "blow". In some traditions, he is shown as two gods who control different types of wind. Other cultures have similar gods, with names like Vayu-Vāta and Vāyu. The god is also linked to the idea of giving and taking breath, which connects him to life and death. Many Indo-European languages have words for wind that come from the same root as H₂weh₁-yú including the English wind.


Wang Zhenyi

Wang Zhenyi was born in 1768 (no specific date) and died in 1797. She excelled in astronomy and mathematics and was a poet too. In one of her poems she wrote,

"It's made to believe,"

"Women are the same as Men;"

"Are you not convinced,"

"Daughters can also be heroic?"

This shows that Wang Zhenyi really believe in equality to. Wang Zhenyi was strong, intelligent, and extraordinary.
She studied the movements of the sun, moon, and planets. Wang also rewrote Mei Wending's Principles of Calculation to be more accessible to students learning multiplication and division.
Wang's ancestral home is in Anhui province, but her grandfather's family moved to Jiangning or present-day Nanjing. She was very fond of reading when she was a child and was very clever.
Wang married at age twenty-five, she married Zhan Mei from Xuancheng in Anhui province. She died at age 29 and had no children.

Jennifer McClellan

Jennifer Leigh McClellan (born December 28, 1972) is an American politician and lawyer. She has been the U.S. representative for Virginia's 4th congressional district since 2023. She is a member of the Democratic Party.

Before, she was a member of the Virginia State Senate from 2017 to 2023 and of the Virginia House of Delegates from 2009 to 2017. She ran in the Democratic primary for governor of Virginia in the 2021 election, losing to former governor Terry McAuliffe. 

Mater Misericordiae University Hospital

Mater Misericordiae University Hospital is a big teaching hospital in Dublin. It is run by Ireland East Hospital Group. It has more than 600 beds and treats over 360,000 patients each year.

The hospital was founded by the Sisters of Mercy and was opened on 24 September 1861.

Healthcare in the Republic of Ireland

Healthcare in the Republic of Ireland is managed by the Health Service Executive, under the Department of Health (Irish: "An Roinn Sláinte").

Everyone ordinarily resident in Ireland and some visitors are entitled to public health services either free of charge or at reduced cost. To get all free services you have to have a medical card. Services for children are free for everyone. Maternity and infant care services are free for everyone who is ordinarily resident. People on the Long Term Illness Scheme are can get the drugs and medicines for the treatment of their illness free.

In the 2023 Irish budget an extra €23.4 billion was given to health. This gave more people a GP visit card and stopped hospital charges.

In 2013 the public hospitals were formed into six hospital groups:


In 2023 there was a serious shortage of dentists in Ireland. Children were said to be waiting to wait up to 10 years for a dental check. Only 620 dentists were in the medical card scheme. There were about 1,600 in 2012. The scheme only gives people a restricted amount of treatments in the year. It “places significant restrictions on the care that dentists can provide to public patients, with only tooth extractions being limitless”.

Medtronic

Medtronic plc is an American healthcare company. The company's operational and executive headquarters are in Minneapolis, Minnesota, and its legal headquarters is in Dublin. It is in more than 150 countries and employs over 90,000 people. It develops and manufactures healthcare technologies and therapies. It was founded in 1949 in Minneapolis by Earl Bakken. He made first battery-powered external pacemaker. 

It has been the world's largest medical device company since 2017. It income was $29,710 million in 2017.

Patients Association

The Patients Association is an independent charity based in London. It aims to improve patients' experience of healthcare. It started in 1963, and became a registered charity in 1991.

Rachel Power is the Chief Executive. 

It runs a national helpline which helps people find their way around the often complex world of health and social care. It runs focus groups and surveys for patients.

Bolton NHS Foundation Trust

Bolton NHS Foundation Trust runs the Royal Bolton Hospital in Farnworth. It was set up in 2008. In 2011 IT took over some of the community services which were formerly part of Bolton Primary Care Trust. 

In 2015 it was said to be one of the top hundred NHS trusts to work for.

Platymantis paengi

The Panay limestone frog ("Platymantis paengi") is a frog. It lives in the Philippines. People have seen it between 180 and 300 meters above sea level.

The adult male frog is about 27.7-34.3 mm long from nose to rear end.

Tamahere

Tamahere is a town in the Waikato District, New Zealand and is located on the outskirts of Hamilton. It has three primary schools located in the town. On 5 April 2008, the Tamahere coolstore destroyed in a major blaze and killed a firefighter in the incident. State Highway 1 and State Highway 21 are located within the town.

Staring at the Sun (U2 song)

"Staring at the Sun" is a 1997 song by Irish rock band U2. It is the second single from their ninth studio album "Pop". It went to number 1 in Canada and Ireland and went to the top ten in Finland, Ireland, Italy, New Zealand, Norway, Scotland and the United Kingdom.

These remixes by Brothers in Rhythm originated as bootlegs on 12" vinyl. They use the live Rotterdam performance featured on the "Please" single rather than the album version. U2 approved it for limited promotional use to coincide with the release of "The Best of 1990-2000".

Ordinarily resident

Ordinarily resident is a term in the law in the United Kingdom and in the Republic of Ireland. People who are do not meet the rule cannot get certain free health services.

"Ordinarily resident" has not been defined by Act of Parliament. It has been developed in case law. Ordinary residence is established if there is a regular habitual mode of life in a particular place "for the time being", "whether of short or long duration", the continuity of which has persisted apart from temporary or occasional absences. The residence must be voluntary and adopted for "a settled purpose".

You must satisfy the Health Service Executive that you have been living in Ireland for at least a year or you intend to live there for at least one year.

Health Service Executive

The Health Service Executive (Irish: "Feidhmeannacht na Seirbhíse Sláinte") is the publicly funded healthcare system in Ireland, responsible for health and personal social services. It started on 1 January 2005. The Minister for Health is responsible for it.

In 2017 there were 67,145 workers and a budget of €16.05 billion.

Minister for Health (Ireland)

The Minister for Health (Irish: An tAire Sláinte) is a senior minister in the Government of Ireland and leads the Department of Health. They are responsible for healthcare in the Republic of Ireland and related services.

The current Minister for Health is Stephen Donnelly, TD.

Medical card

People need a medical card in the Republic of Ireland to get free or reduced-rate medical treatment. The cards come from the Health Service Executive.. They are meanstested. Older people - over 66 and over 70 - have higher limits. The weekly income limit for a single person living alone under 66 is €184 after tax, Universal Social Charge and Pay Related Social Insurance. For people over 70 the limit is €550 for a single person. 

There are also allowances for housing costs and the costs of travelling to work. Savings, investments or property of more than €36,000 for a single person gives a weekly income for each €1,000.

The card entitles the holder to free visits to general practitioners, free or very reduced-price hospital and dental treatment, and prescribed medicine for a charge of €1.50 per item.

People who dont have a medical card may be able to get a GP visit card. This lets them visit a participating family doctor (GP) for free. This has higher income limits. All children under the age of 6 and people getting get Carer’s Benefit or Carer’s Allowance get one free.

300,000 fewer people had medical cards in 2021 than in 2011 but 86,000 more had GP visit cards.

MBC Masr

MBC Masr () is an Egyptian free-to-air television channel. It is owned by MBC Group and United Media Services.

The channel was launched during an official ceremony in Cairo on 16 October 2012. They began broadcasting on 9 November 2012. The channel serves Egyptian viewers.















Yes Sir, I Can Boogie

"Yes Sir, I Can Boogie" is a 1977 disco song by the Spanish vocal duet Baccara. Released in Germany and UK by RCA Records in 1977 and United States by Manhattan Records and United Artists Records in 1978.

Mediterranean and Middle East theatre of World War II

The Mediterranean and Middle East Theatre was a major theatre of operations during the Second World War.

Sinking of the RMS Lusitania

The American ship RMS Lusitania was torpedoed by a German Submarine that later contributed to America's entry to World war 1.

Date: May 7th 1915

Time: 14:10-14:28

Passengers count: 1,266

1916 United States presidential election

The 1916 United States presidential election was the 34th election in the history of the United States. It occurred on November 7, 1916. This election was between Incumbent President since 1913, Woodrow Wilson from New Jersey and former Associate Justice of the Supreme Court from New York Charles E. Hughes. Wilson won the election by a close margin gaining 277 electoral votes. Charles E. Hughes got 254 electoral votes.

This election was the closest for any President since the election of 1876 between Rutherford B. Hayes and Samuel J, Tilden. If Hughes had won either California or Missouri, he would have become the 29th President.



Pay Related Social Insurance

Pay Related Social Insurance is part of the tax system in the Republic of Ireland People over 16 years of age and under 66 have to pay.

It is quite like the British National Insurance system. There are different rates for different sorts of workers. Some of the money is used to pay for healthcare, but people dont have to show they have paid to get treatment.

Each week's payment earns the worker a "credit" or "contribution", which gives them a right to non-means-tested welfare payments such as Jobseeker's Benefit and the State Pension. These payments are the same for everyone, not linked to their earnings.

MBC Drama (Middle East and North Africa)

MBC Drama () is a pan-Arab television channel. It is owned by MBC Group. It was launched on 27 November 2010 as free-to-air with 24/7 Arabic drama series.



MBC Drama HD was launched on 1 July 2011.

MBC Drama also airs original Arabic programs. , In 2022, MBC Drama aired the original series "Stiletto" and "Heera".

1963–64 Austrian Cup

The 1963-64 Austrian Cup was Austria's nationwide football cup competition. FK Austria Wien were the defending champions. In the event of a draw, overtime + replay, in the event of a draw in the replay, overtime + drawing of lots. 

First round with teams from the first and second league.

Replay matches:

Replay match:

Replay match:

Karl Sandner - Michael Breibert - Johann Pesser - Emmerich Sommer - Bohumil Hruska - Walter Stamm - Gerhard Pinisch - Peter Reiter - Karl Skerlan - Günter Kaltenbrunner - Johann Szauer<br> coach: Johann Pesser
Gernot Fraydl - Novak Roganovic - Karl Fröhlich - Hans Buzek - Horst Paproth - Heinz Binder - Horst Hirnschrodt - Alfred Gager - Johann Geyer - Walter Schleger - Jacare <br>coaches: Edmund Frühwirth/ Karl Stotz

Taxation in the Republic of Ireland

Taxation in the Republic of Ireland is very progressive. The top 10% of earners pay 60% of the taxes.

As well as income tax on earnings there is the Universal Social Charge and Pay Related Social Insurance.

Value added tax is charged on almost all goods and services.

Corporation tax is very important in Ireland and foreign multinationals pay about 80% of it. It is only 12.5% - much lower than most developed countries so many of the biggest American technology and pharmaceutical companies keep the money from intellectual property rights in their Irish subsidiaries. This makes the Irish economy seem much bigger than it really is.

Economy-of-effort theory

The economy-of-effort theory is an idea in the study of humans and the study of men, women, and sometimes a third or fourth type of person. Scholars use it to say why some groups of people give some work to women and other work to men. In an economy-of-effort scenario, work goes to men or women (or some other gender role recognized by that culture) not because of differences in men's and women's bodies but because other things about that culture make it easier.

Ember et al. say that if one group has men cut down trees and use wood, they will learn about wood and what it can do. That group might also have men make wooden musical instruments because their other work makes it easier for them to do that.

Anthropologists use this idea to explain why some work goes to men or women when other theories, for example male expendability, strength, or compatibility with childcare, cannot.


Government of Ireland

The Constitution of Ireland gives authority to a government which is headed by the Taoiseach, the head of government. The government is made up of ministers, each of whom must be a member of the Oireachtas, which consists of Dáil Éireann and Seanad Éireann.

The government is dependent on the Oireachtas to pass laws and so it needs a majority in the Dáil for budgets and government bills to pass.

The government runs the public administration in Ireland. In 2022 there were about 372,000 people working for it.

Ogedengbe of Ilesa

Ogedengbe of Ilesa (1822-1910), also known as Ogedengbe Agbogun Gboro was a Yoruba chief and fighter in Yorubaland, part of present-day Nigeria, who served as the Seriki (head warrior) during the Kiriji War (1877-1893) against Ibadan.

Dealignment

Dealignement, in political science, is where people dealigne from their former poitical interests.

Armory Show

The Armory Show was an art exhibition in 1913 in 69th Regiment Armory, New York. It lasted from February 17 until March 15, 1913.

Primary care

Primary care is the sort of healthcare people can use without having to be checked by someone first. It is generally not in hospitals. 

In most countries this means general practitioners, dentists, opticians and pharmacists. Emergency departments dont expect people to be checked out first. Physician assistants, physical therapists, or a nurse may expect people to be sent to them by a doctor in some places. If people are paying for their own treatment they may be able to go where they want, but in a public healthcare system there are usually more controls. In less developed countries people may be used to going to hospitals for all their problems.

Silent reading

Silent reading means reading without saying the words out loud.

Long ago, people didn't have spaces between words in their writing, so it was unusual to read silently.

Some people think silent reading can cause problems with thinking, but many schools still encourage it.
Reading out loud uses more parts of the brain because it involves speaking and reading at the same time.

The Metamorphosis

"The Metamorphosis" is a short story by Franz Kafka. It is about a young man named Gregor who wakes up from a nightmare and becomes an insect. Gregor becomes more and more like a bug and less and less like a human, and then he dies.

The story was first published as "Die Verwandlung" in 1915. The original German version is only 70 pages long. It is the longest work of fiction that Kafka thought was complete that was published during his lifetime. Several movies were made from the story. It was also turned into an opera.

Online editions


Commentary


Related


Harlan Hubbard

Harlan Hubbard (January 4, 1900 – January 16, 1988) was an American artist and writer.

Hubbard was born in Bellevue, Kentucky, on January 4, 1900, across the Ohio River from Cincinnati, Ohio. His father died in 1907. In 1915, he and his mother went to New York City to live with two older brothers. He went to school at Childs High School in the Bronx. Then he studied art at the New York National Academy of Design. Later he went to the Art Academy of Cincinnati. 

Hubbard's wife, Anna Eikenhout, was born in Michigan on September 7, 1902. She was a musician who played the piano and cello. She read in three languages other than English. She taught college for a while, but moved to Cincinnati to work in the fine arts department at the public library. She met Hubbard there. 

They married in 1943 and lived for a short time in Fort Thomas, Kentucky. They lived for a while in a shack beside the river. Then, in 1944, they decided to live in a shanty boat (a small houseboat) and travel on the Ohio and Mississippi Rivers to New Orleans. They spent about five years doing this.

At New Orleans they sold their boat and bought a car. They drove for the next ten months to see much of the American West. Then they went back to Kentucky in 1951 and bought seven acres of land in what was called Payne Hollow, across the Ohio River from Hanover and Madison, Indiana.

The Hubbard's built a small house at Payne Hollow and lived there for the rest of their lives. They lived a very simple life that was not modern. They "grew their own food, made their own furniture (except for a grand piano that Anna played each evening), and lived without electricity or running water."

Harlan Hubbbard died of cancer in 1988 at age 88, about two years after his wife Anna.



Physician assistant

A physician assistant or is a healthcare worker who is not a qualified physician but practices medicine under supervision. The title used and what exactly they can do is different in different countries. 

They started in the USA in the 1960s, but there were similar jobs during World War II. There are now similar jobs in many countries as there is a general shortage of physicians. The training for these assistant posts is much shorter. 

Health in the Republic of Ireland

Rates of smoking, alcohol consumption and obesity are all high in Ireland. Heart disease, cancer and stroke are the most common causes of death. 

Life expectancy has improved since the year 1990.

The Lancet in September 2018 published a measure of expected human capital calculated for 195 countries from 1990 to 2016. Ireland had the sixteenth highest level of expected human capital.

In 2019:


Joss paper

Joss paper is a type of paper that is burned as an offering during Chinese ancestral worship and in the worship of deities in Chinese folk religion. People believe it helps the dead get what they need in the afterlife. In Taiwan people spent US$400 million on Joss paper in 2014.

Different types of spirit money are given to distinct types of spirits. There are three main types of joss paper: cash (also known as copper), silver, and gold. Cash paper is given to newly deceased and unknown spirits. Golden joss paper is offered to deities such as the Jade Emperor. Silver joss paper is given only to ancestral spirits and other spirits. It is important to follow these distinctions. If you burn the wrong paper, it may confuse spirits or insult them.



Welnos

Welnos is an Indo European deity linked to cattle, and there are similar gods in many mythologies such as Slavic, Lithuanian, Latvian, Norse, and Old English. This deity was reconstructed from the Slavic god Veles, Lithuanian god Velnias, and Latvian god Velns, who all protected flocks. The name of this god is also similar to Old Norse Ullr and Old English Wuldor.

Scholar Jaan Puhvel thought Welnos is also connected to the Elysian fields in Greek myth and ritual.

Some scholars, such as Max Muller, believed that Welnos, was related to Sanskrit Varuna and Greek Ouranos. However, this theory has been rejected because of language reasons, and the origin of the word is no longer accepted..

Welnos may have been a kind sky father who represented the night while Dyēus represented the day and danger. He might have had a competition with Perkwunos like Perun and Veles.

List of Proto Indo European deities

There are many reconstructed Indo European deities. Here is a list of some. These gods may have never existed. Some believe they did exist based on language history.


Doug Hopkins

Douglas Owen Hopkins (April 11, 1961 – December 5, 1993) was an American musician and songwriter. He was a member of the rock band Gin Blossoms. He was the band's lead guitarist and main songwriter. His writing credits included the singles "Hey Jealousy", "Found Out About You" and "Lost Horizons". Hopkins was born in Seattle, Washington. He grew up in Tempe, Arizona.

Hopkins, aged 32, died by suicide on December 5, 1993, in Tempe. He shot himself in the mouth with a .38 caliber pistol. He had chronic depression and was an alcoholic.

Jadunath Sarkar

Sir Jadunath Sarkar CIE, FRAS (10 December 1870 – 19 May 1958) was an Indian historian known for his expertise on the Mughal dynasty. He received his education in English literature and initially worked as a teacher before shifting his focus to historical research and writing. He had a deep understanding of the Persian language and wrote all of his books in English. Sarkar served as the Vice Chancellor of the University of Calcutta from 1926-1928 and was also a member of the Bengal Legislative Council from 1929-1932. He was knighted by the British government in 1929.

Sarkar was born in Karachmaria village in Natore, Bengal, and graduated in English from Presidency College, Calcutta in 1891. He went on to top the Master of Arts examination in English at Calcutta University in 1892 and received the Premchand-Roychand Scholarship in 1897. Sarkar began his teaching career as a faculty member of English literature at Ripon College, Calcutta in 1893, and was later appointed at Presidency College, Calcutta in 1898. He taught modern Indian history at Benaras Hindu University from 1917-1919 and both English and history at Ravenshaw College, Cuttack from 1919-1923. Sarkar was appointed as the Vice Chancellor of Calcutta University in 1926 and later joined Madras University as the Sir W. Meyer Lecturer in 1928.

Sarkar's work on the Mughal dynasty was highly regarded in his time, but later faded from public memory with the emergence of Marxist and postcolonial schools of historiography. Academically, his work has been compared to that of the Aligarh historians, who focused on the mansabdari system and gunpowder technology in the Mughal Empire. Sarkar, on the other hand, concentrated on military tactics and sieges.

Sarkar was honored by the British government with a Companion of the Order of the Indian Empire (CIE) and was knighted in the 1929 Birthday Honours list. A research center, the Centre for Studies in Social Sciences, Calcutta, has been established in his house and includes the Jadunath Bhavan Museum and Resource Centre, a museum-cum-archive of primary sources.

Published works by Sarkar include:


Deh₂nu

Deh₂nu- is a Proto-Indo-European goddess of rivers. Some people think that this is based on the Vedic goddess Dānu, the Irish goddess Danu, the Welsh goddess Don, and the names of some rivers such as the Danube, Don, Dnieper, and Dniester. But, Mallory and Adams say that there is no proof for a specific river goddess in this mythology, only the idea of rivers being important in Indic tradition.

Some people have suggested a sea god named *Trih₂tōn based on the Greek god Triton and the Old Irish word trïath, which means "sea". Mallory and Adams do not think this is true because there is only a small possibility that the words are related, and there is no evidence of a similar god in Irish mythology.

The goddess is also linked to Ossetian Donbettyr, who is said to give "three scones with honey" to those who turn their waterwheels. Donnán of Eigg might be a Christianized version of this deity. 

Some stories say that the goddess fought a hero named H2nert, and her possible descendants include Nart from the Nart saga, Indra, and Njord.

There’s a central Asian river called Dan. Its name might come from Dehnu

MBC 1 (Middle Eastern and North African TV channel)

MBC 1 is a free-to-air pan-Arab general television channel.





Swagger (software)

Swagger is a suite of tools for API developers from SmartBear Software and a former specification upon which the OpenAPI Specification is based.

The Swagger API project was created in 2011 by Tony Tam, technical co-founder of the dictionary site Wordnik. During the development of Wordnik's products, the need for automation of API documentation and client SDK generation became a major source of frustration. Tam designed a simple JSON representation of the API, building upon the flexibility of part of the REST style of architecture and using Swagger quickly gained popularity among API developers due to its ability to generate interactive documentation, client libraries, and server stubs automatically from API specifications. In 2015, the Swagger project was acquired by SmartBear Software, a company that specializes in software quality tools and API testing. SmartBear continues to develop and support Swagger and the OpenAPI Specification, which has become the industry standard for defining RESTful APIs.

Swagger provides a suite of tools for designing, building, documenting, and testing RESTful APIs. Some of its key features include:


Ruthless (movie)

Ruthless is a 1948 American Polish drama movie directed by Edgar G. Ulmer and was based on the novel "Prelude to Night" by Dayton Stoddart. It stars Zachary Scott, Louis Hayward, Diana Lynn, Sydney Greenstreet, Lucille Bremer, Martha Vickers, Raymond Burr, Dennis Hoey, Ann Carter and Edna Holland. It was distributed by Eagle-Lion Films.


MBC Iraq

MBC Iraq () is a TV channel for Iraqi viewers. It was launched on 17 February 2019. The channel is owned by the Middle East Broadcasting Center.


Carlisle Indian Industrial School

The Carlisle Indian Industrial School (or Carlisle Indian School) was a boarding school in Carlisle, Pennsylvania. It operated between 1879 and 1918. It was located in the old barracks. It was there to educate Native American children (which were called "Indians" at the time). The problem with these schools was that the children were told what America was like, but they were not told, what their people were like. This process was called assimilation, and was done on purpose. It means that some of the cultural values were lost.

With the beginning of the first World War, the school was closed, and the property again was used by the military. Today, all of it is part of the United States Army War College.

Freddy's Frozen Custard &amp; Steakburgers

Freddy's Frozen Custard & Steakburgers is an American fast casual restaurant chain. They make and hand out frozen custard, sundaes, hot dogs and chicken sandwiches along with other foods. There were almost 450 Freddy's restaurants in the United States as of August 1, 2022.

The company was founded in Wichita, Kansas in 2002. Almost two years after that they opened their first franchise in Hutchinson. In 2011, Freddy's opened their 50th store in California.

The company was named for Frederick "Freddy" Simon (1924 or 1925 -- 2020).

2023 Ohio train accident

On February 3, 2023, a train accident happened in East Palestine, Ohio, at 8.55pm EST (). A train carrying dangerous chemicals derailed. Several of the 38 railcars caught fire, and started to burn. Some burned for more than two days. Emergency crews burned several of them in a controlled fire. This fire released hydrogen chloride and phosgene into the air. Phosgene is used only in specially equipped plants. Today, it is used to produce certain plastics, and other chemicals, such as dyes. In the past, it was also used as a chemical weapon. For this reason, the residents within a radius were evacuated. Emergency response was started from agencies in Ohio, Pennsylvania, and West Virginia. East Palestine is about half way between Cleveland and Pittsburgh.

The derailed train was running from Madison, Illinois to Conway, Pennsylvania, on the Fort Wayne Line. Aboard the train were an engineer, conductor, and conductor trainee. The train consisted of 141 loaded cars and 9 empty ones. Other reports say there was one more car, for a total of 151 cars, weighing 18,000 tons.

Of those cars, 20 were carrying dangrous materials, including chloroethene (vinyl chloride), butyl acrylate, 2-ethylhexyl acrylate, ethylene glycol monobutyl ether, isobutylene, flammable liquids, and benzene residue. The train left Madison on February 1, and had had at least one mechanical failure before the derailment.

Security footage from a business in Salem, Ohio ( northwest from East Palestine), and a Ring doorbell camera from New Waterford, Ohio ( northwest from East Palestine), show fire coming from underneath a rail car. After this, at around 8:55 pm EST on February 3, 2023, 51 cars derailed on the east side of town, near the border with Pennsylvania. 49 of the cars ended up in a derailment pile, which caught fire and burned for several days. Of the 51 derailed cars, 11 were tank cars which dumped 100,000 gallons of hazardous materials, including vinyl chloride, benzene residue, and butyl acrylate.

About 48 hours later, the NTSB released a first report that stated that the derailment was caused by a mechanical problem on one of the railcars' trucks. This may be connected to reports that an axle was observed throwing sparks about an hour before. The crew received an alarm from a wayside defect detector shortly before the derailment indicating a mechanical problem, and then an emergency brake application initiated.

Nearly 70 emergency agencies from Ohio, West Virginia, and Pennsylvania mobilized in response. East Palestine Mayor Trent Conaway declared a state of emergency.

Norfolk Southern personnel were first to respond on February 3. On February 4, they noticed water spillage into Sulphur Run and Leslie Run, and installed barriers to separate the floating pollutant. The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) began monitoring air quality on February 3. They said humans can smell butyl acrylate at a concentration lower than the screening level (exposure limit). The National Institute for Occupational Safety and Health (NIOSH) recommended exposure limit for butyl acrylate is time-weighted average 10 ppm (55 mg/m).

On February 5, the temperature changed in one of the train cars. This caused fears of an explosion with the potential to disperse shrapnel as the fires continued to burn. Although five cars containing vinyl chloride remained intact after the crash, the relief valve on one of the cars had malfunctioned. Ohio Governor Mike DeWine activated the Ohio National Guard to assist local authorities in what he called "a matter of life and death". Pennsylvania Governor Josh Shapiro ordered an evacuation in areas of Beaver County which bordered the site. Officials in both states went door-to-door to evacuate residents. The fire from the accident burned until February 5.
Commentary following the derailment centered around industry working conditions and safety concerns, such as the lack of modern brake safety regulations, the implementation of precision scheduled railroading (PSR), had reduced railway workers per train, and increased train lengths and weight. Critics said that train companies had failed to invest in train maintenance to prevent accidents, even though they conduct stock buybacks, in which money that could be used on maintenance and safety measures is instead distributed to shareholders.

On February 14, Governor Mike DeWine told reporters that he was not seeing any problems in the area after the controlled release of chemicals and that President Joe Biden had offered federal assistance but DeWine said that no further assistance was necessary.

Joseph Cornell

Joseph Cornell (December 24, 1903 – December 29, 1972) was an American visual artist and film-maker. For his art, he did not paint or draw. He put together pictures and objects that he found. This kind of art is called "collage" and "assemblage." He often arranged things inside of wooden boxes that he made himself.

Cornell was born in Nyack, New York in 1903. He had two sisters. His younger brother Robert had cerebral palsy. After his father's death in 1917, the family moved to a house on Utopia Avenue in Bayside, Queens in New York City. He lived there from 1929 until he died in 1972. 

From 1917 to 1921, Cornell went to Phillips Academy in Andover, Massachusetts, but he did not graduate. After that, he worked as a salesman and, later, as a textile designer in New York. He walked around the city and found many things to collect in used bookstores and junk shops.

In the 1930s he started making movies out of parts of other old movies. These and his collages and boxes were influenced by surrealism, an art and literature movement that made things that felt strange, like dreams.

His first public show was in "Surréalisme" at the Julien Levy Gallery in 1932, along with art by Salvador Dali and Marcel Duchamp.

Cornell died of a heart attack at home in 1972, a few years after the deaths of his mother and brother.



OpenAPI Specification

The OpenAPI Specification (OAS) is an open standard for describing and defining RESTful APIs. It was previously called the Swagger Specification and is currently maintained by the OpenAPI Initiative, which is a group of industry experts and companies.

The OAS is a machine-readable format that enables developers to outline the details of an API in a structured and standardized way. This includes information about the endpoints, operations, parameters, responses, and other relevant data. This uniformity makes it easier for developers to understand, use, and test APIs, as well as for tools to generate documentation, client libraries, and server stubs automatically from the specification.

The OAS supports both JSON and YAML formats and has become a popular tool in the API development community.

The Swagger Specification was created in 2010 by Tony Tam, technical co-founder of the dictionary site Wordnik. During the development of Wordnik's products, the need for automation of API documentation and client SDK generation became a major source of frustration. Tam designed a simple JSON representation of the API, building upon the flexibility of part of the REST style of architecture, and Swagger quickly gained popularity among API developers due to its ability to generate interactive documentation, client libraries, and server stubs automatically from API specifications. 

In 2015, the Swagger Specification was donated to the newly formed OpenAPI Initiative, which is a consortium of industry experts and companies who are dedicated to the development of the standard.

The OAS provides a variety of features that make it easier to design, build, document, and test RESTful APIs. These include:



De Película

De Película is a 24-hour cable television movie channel. It is owned by TelevisaUnivision under Televisa Networks. It is available in Mexico, the United States, and Latin America. This channel focuses on Mexican movies of all times that are under license of TelevisaUnivision.


De Película Clásico

De Película Clásico (Classic Films) is a Spanish-language cable channel. It is owned by TelevisaUnivision under Televisa Networks.


Mommie Dearest (movie)

Mommie Dearest is a 1981 American biographical psychological drama movie directed by Frank Perry and starring Faye Dunaway, Steve Forrest, Mara Hobel, Diana Scarwid and Xander Berkeley. The movie shows Christina Crawford's adoptive mother, Hollywood actress Joan Crawford, as an abusive, controlling and manipulative mother. Christina and her brother Christopher are suffering child abuse from their mother.

The movie was adapted for the screen by Robert Getchell, Tracy Hotchner, Frank Perry, and Frank Yablans from Christina's 1978 autobiography of the same name. The executive producers were Christina's husband, David Koontz, and Terry O'Neill, Dunaway's then-boyfriend and soon-to-be husband. The movie was distributed by Paramount Pictures, the only one of the "Big Eight" movie studios for which Crawford had never appeared in a movie.

The movie was not considered successful at the box office, making just over $19 million in North America from a $10 million budget. Despite receiving mostly negative reviews from movie critics, the movie's melodramatic script and Faye Dunaway's acting, made it a cult movie and an "unintentional comedy". It is often considered one of the worst movies ever made. It was nominated for nine Golden Raspberry Awards (Razzies) at the 2nd Golden Raspberry Awards, and won five, including "Worst Picture" and "Worst Actress" for Faye Dunaway.


Sweating Bullets (song)

"Sweating Bullets" is a song by Megadeth. Megadeth is an American thrash metal band. The song was released in 1993 as a single. It was the third single from "Countdown to Extinction" (1992). This is the band's fifth album. A music video for the song was also made. The song went to number 27 on the US Mainstream Rock music chart. It also went to number 26 on UK music charts.

The song was written by Dave Mustaine. It is about somebody that has schizophrenia.

Tromsdalen

Tromsdalen (Northern Sami: ) in Tromsø, Norway, is a neighborhood east of the city center. It has a population of 17,377 people as of 2019 and covers an area of 5.01 square kilometers. Its time zone is Central European Time, with a UTC offset of +1. The Tromsø Bridge connects Tromsdalen to Tromsøya island and the E8 highway runs through its northern part. The Tromsdalselva river flows through the valley. Tromsdalen features the Arctic Cathedral and the Fjellheisen aerial tramway that takes visitors to the top of Tromsdalstinden, a nearby mountain. Popular among Tromsø residents, the mountain can be climbed without special equipment, and reaches an elevation of 1,238 meters.

Tromsøya

Tromsøya or Romssasuolu is an island in Tromsø Municipality, Norway. It is between the mainland and the larger island of Kvaløya. The city of Tromsø is on this island, which has a population of 39,882 people. Tromsø Airport is on the western side of the island. The island is connected to Tromsdalen on the mainland to the east and the village of Kvaløysletta on Kvaløya island to the west by bridges. The Prestvannet lake, located in the middle of the island, is now a nature reserve area. The University of Tromsø, Tromsø police and fire stations, University Hospital of North Norway, and Tromsø Museum are located on the eastern part of the island. 

Tromsø Bridge

The Tromsø Bridge is a road bridge in Tromsø, Norway, connecting Tromsdalen on the mainland with Tromsøya island. The bridge, opened in 1960, was the longest in Northern Europe at the time. It has 58 spans and a maximum clearance of to the sea. The bridge replaced a ferry connection and helped boost Tromsø's growth. The bridge is a landmark of Tromsø and is protected against modifications. In 2005, the fencing was raised to prevent suicide. 

Arctic Cathedral

The Arctic Cathedral, also known as Tromsdalen Church, is a church in Tromsø Municipality in Norway. It is a part of the Tromsøysund parish and is managed by the Tromsø domprosti, which is responsible for a group of churches in the area. The church is also under the authority of the Diocese of Nord-Hålogaland.

The church was built in a long church style in 1965 using plans drawn up by architect Jan Inge Hovig. The church is made mainly of concrete and metal, and it has a seating capacity of approximately 600 people. The church was built by Ing. F. Selmer A/S Tromsø as the main contractor for the construction.

Despite being nicknamed the Ishavskatedralen or "The Cathedral of the Arctic Sea", it is important to note that the church is not a cathedral, but a parish church.

The church is notable for its design and is one of the most notable churches in Tromsø. Tromsø has other notable churches, including the Protestant Tromsø Cathedral, which is the only wooden cathedral in Norway, and the Catholic Cathedral of Our Lady, Tromsø.

The church was consecrated on 19 November 1965 by Bishop Monrad Norderval. The church is made out of cast-in-place aluminum-coated concrete panels and has a glass mosaic on the eastern side, made by Victor Sparre in 1972. The church acquired a new organ built by Grönlunds Orgelbyggeri in 2005 to replace the old organ delivered by Vestlandske Orgelverksted, Hareid in 1965.

Fjellheisen

Fjellheisen or Tromsø Cable Car is an aerial tramway in Tromsø, Norway. It has a lower station in Tromsdalen and an upper station called Storsteinen, which offers a panoramic view of the city, surrounding islands, and fjords. The cable car is a popular starting point for hikes to Tromsdalstinden, an iconic peak visible from the city. It is busy in summer due to cruise ship passengers wanting to experience the midnight sun and is also an excellent place to view the Northern Lights in winter. Fjellheisen was built by Brødrene Jakobsens Rederi in 1960 and officially opened on February 22, 1961. It is currently owned by Skips AS Nordfisk and operated by Utelivsbyen AS.

Li Qiang

Li Qiang (born 23 July 1959) is a Chinese politician who is currently serving as the 8th Premier of the People's Republic of China. Known to be one of Xi Jinping's closest ally, he used to serve as chief of staff and a de facto personal aide under Xi. This is when Xi served as the top party leader in the province of Zhejiang from 2004 to 2007.

In March 2023, he was appointed to premiership by the National People's Congress with 2,936 votes, three voting against his appointment, and eight abstaining. As premier, he promised to improve the economy and to expand China's gross domestic product by 5%.

List of ball games

This is a list of ball games and ball sports that include a ball as a main part of the activity, usually for scoring points inside of the game.

Ball sports fall within many sport categories, some sports within multiple categories, including:

Games that are similar and have a common starting letter are grouped under the primary name such as bowling, football and hockey.




Tromsdalstinden

Tromsdalstinden is a mountain in Tromsø Municipality in Norway, with an elevation of 1,238 meters. The mountain is located at the southern end of the Tromsdalen valley, just southeast of the city of Tromsø. The Norwegian name Tromsdalstinden means "the peak above Tromsdalen," while the Sámi name is made up from the parts Sálaš and Oaivi, with the first word meaning a good hunting area, and the second meaning a rounded mountain without jagged peaks.

The mountain is a popular hiking destination and can be summited from the suburb Tromsdalen or from Ramfjorden. The slopes up are not technically difficult, though fog and rain can make the ascent complicated for those not familiar with the terrain. Skiers usually take the Fjellheisen aerial tramway to Mount Storsteinen and begin their ascent from there.

In 2003, plans to build an alpine skiing facility on the slopes of Tromsdalstinden for the 2014 Winter Olympics were proposed. However, this sparked immediate protests from some Sámi activists who claimed that Tromsdalstinden has been a Sámi sacred mountain since ancient times. The Sami Parliament enacted a resolution declaring it a holy mountain in 2004, and the plans were discontinued.

While some argue that Tromsdalstinden was made a holy mountain in recent times as part of Sámi identity politics, others believe that it has been sacred at one point before Christianization. The mountain bears the significant feature of a traditional sacred mountain, dominating the landscape due to its shape and/or height. Although the classic Sámi religion is dead, the mountain remains of cultural significance to modern Sámi, and their commitment to preserving it displays its intense cultural significance to their ancestors.

French alphabet

The French alphabet uses the same letters as the ISO basic Latin alphabet as well as the English alphabet, although its pronunciation is different from that of English. Some letters sometimes also have diacritics on them (e.g. Français), but letters with diacritics are considered to be a modified form of the letters without diacritics, so they are not different letters of the alphabet. The letters "k" and "w" do not appear in original French words, only in words borrowed from other languages (e.g. kangourou, wagon).

If You're Gone (Matchbox Twenty song)

"If You're Gone" is a 2000 song by Matchbox Twenty and is the second single from their second studio album "Mad Season". It went to number 5 in the United States, number 12 in New Zealand, number 16 in the Netherlands, number 18 in Australia, number 27 in Canada and number 50 in the United Kingdom.

UK CD single

European CD single

Australian maxi-CD single

Tim Paine

Timothy David Paine was born 8 December, 1984 in Hobart, Australia. He was an Australian cricketer who played 35 tests and 35 one-day internationals for Australia from 2010 to 2021 including captaining them in 23 tests from 2018 to 2021. He also played for Tasmania in the Sheffield Shield.

YAML

YAML (YAML Ain't Markup Language) is a human-readable data serialization format that is commonly used for configuration files and data exchange between programming languages. It is often used in conjunction with web development frameworks and other systems that need to share data.

YAML was first released in 2001 by Ingy döt Net, Brian Ingerson, and Oren Ben-Kiki. It was designed to be a more user-friendly alternative to other markup languages like XML and JSON. YAML's syntax is designed to be easy to read and write, using whitespace and indentation to organize data.

YAML is often used for configuration files, such as those used by web development frameworks like Ruby on Rails and Django. It is also commonly used for data exchange between programming languages, especially in systems that use different programming languages for different components.

One of the key features of YAML is that it is designed to be easy for humans to read and write, while still being machine-readable. This makes it a popular choice for configuration files, as it allows developers to easily modify settings without needing to understand complex markup languages.

YAML is a superset of JSON, meaning that any valid JSON document is also a valid YAML document. However, YAML adds additional features, such as support for comments, anchors and aliases, and complex data types like maps and lists.

YAML has been implemented in many programming languages, including Python, Ruby, Java, and Perl. It is also supported by many text editors and IDEs, which can provide syntax highlighting and other features to make working with YAML easier.

Overall, YAML is a flexible and user-friendly data serialization format that is widely used in web development, system configuration, and other areas where data needs to be exchanged between different components.

YAML's syntax is designed to be simple and easy to read. It uses indentation and whitespace to organize data, rather than relying on explicit tags or markup. Here is an example of a YAML document:
name: John Smith
age: 35
In this example, the document contains three key-value pairs, where the keys are `name`, `age`, and `email`, and the values are `John Smith`, `35` , respectively.
- name: John Smith
- name: Jane Doe

YAML also supports more complex data structures, like maps and lists. Here is an example of a YAML document that contains a map and a list:

Brad Haddin

Bradley James Haddin was born 23 October, 1977 in Cowra, New South Wales. He was an Australian cricketer who played 66 tests, 126 one-day internationals and 34 Twenty20 Internationals for Australia. He made his one-day international debut in January 2001 and became Australia's 400th test cricketer following the retirement of Adam Gilchrist in May 2008. He scored four test centuries (including three of them in The Ashes) and two one-day international centuries both against New Zealand. He also played for New South Wales in the Sheffield Shield. He retired from international cricket after the 2015 Ashes.


Druk

The Druk (or Dzongkha: འབྲུག་) is a dragon that appears on the flag and coat of arms of Bhutan. It is an important national symbol that represents the country's identity and mythology.

In Bhutanese culture, the Druk is often associated with thunder and lightning, and is considered to be a powerful and benevolent creature. According to legend, the Druk was the emblem of the founder of Bhutan, the Tibetan saint and ruler, Ngawang Namgyal.

The Druk on the Bhutanese flag is depicted holding jewels that represent the wealth and prosperity of the country. Its white color represents purity and loyalty, while the snarling mouth symbolizes the strength and courage of the Bhutanese people. The overall design of the flag, which features a yellow and orange background, is said to represent the colors of Buddhism and the country's position between India and China.

Overall, the Druk is an important symbol of Bhutanese identity and cultural heritage, and is deeply ingrained in the country's history and mythology.

List of Gambia Twenty20 International cricketers

This is a list of Gambian Twenty20 International cricketers who have played for Gambia. Gambia played their first Twenty20 International against Eswatini on 1 December, 2022.

Anlia van Rensburg

Anlia van Rensburg is a singer and actress, living in Cape Town, South Africa. 

Anlia made her TV debut in South Africa's popular TV Series, Getroud Met Rugby, playing the feisty role of Sasha Richter.

Anlia's latest projects include roles in the HBO Ridley Scott TV Series, Raised by Wolves, and the local Horror film The Last Sacrament.

She took part in a scene that was a reenactment for Simone Starr's episode.

In 2021, Anlia signed a music record deal with AppelMusiek under the stage name, Anlia Star.

In 2021, Anlia portrayed the role of Simone Starr in an episode of Locked Up Abroad. Anlia acted in productions including: Mike&Mavis, Deep Sate, Playboyz, Die Spreeus, n Man Soos My Paand Agent 2000

In 2022, her single “Plaaslewe” was released.

She holds an honors degree in Performing Arts and graduated Cum Laude.

She sang South Africa's national anthem at Cape Town Stadium.

In 2022, Anlia got engaged to SA Rugby Player EbenEtzebeth

Platymantis negrosensis

The Negros forest frog ("Platymantis negrosensis") is a frog. It lives in the Philippines on Negros and Panay Islands. People have seen it between 200 and 1800 meters above sea level.

This frog is about 30-50 mm long from nose to rear end. It has large disks on its toes for cimbing trees.

This frog moves around at night. It climbs trees. The female frog lays eggs in fern plants that grow on trees. The eggs hatch into small froglets. They are never tadpoles.

This frog is in danger because human beings change the places where it lives. Humans cut down trees in forests to get wood to build with. Humans let animals eat grass where the frog lives.

Anti-environmentalism

Anti-environmentalism is a political ideology where protecting the environment is not seen as necessary. Anti-environmentalists don't like strict rules that protect nature and say the Earth can take care of itself without humans getting involved. They don't like environmental groups and try to stop them from influencing politicians.

Hut (dwelling)

A hut is a simple shelter that is built by humans. A hut is small, and most of the time, it is less well-built than a house, but is more complex than a tent. Some indigenous peoples use huts as their permanent place of safety. A hut can be built out of many things, such as wood, grass, or fabric.

The word is, many times, used by people who think homes that are uncommon in their country are primitive. Sometimes, the word "house" is used to avoid this. Often, how the hut looks is based off of tradition. The design of the hut in tropical and sub-tropical areas is meant to allow air to come inside, reducing the heat inside of the hut. Also, instead of being called a shed, something can be called a hut. The word has also been used to speak about structures that shelter climbers and backpackers. The word comes from the 1650s, from French "hutte".

Huts are used by shepherds when they are moving animals from one grassland to another. 
They are also used by people who are traveling in rural areas.
Some populations use huts during a diaspora, such as those on farms in the Amazon jungle.
Huts have been built to keep items safe, to build items, and to teach when regular classrooms cannot be used.

Many huts are planned to be built quick, and with a small amount of work. These huts only need a bit of understanding of architecture to be built, and do not need special tools.

Sometimes, the word "hut" is used in the names of stores, to imply that it is a small place, and that it is friendly. Some stores that use the word in their name are Pizza Hut and Sunglass Hut. Buildings that sell things in a park or beach can look like huts.

Cultural diffusion

Culture diffusion refers to the spread of cultural traits or patterns from one society or group of people to another. This process can occur through various means, such as migration, trade, communication, or technological advancements.

For example, the diffusion of Buddhism from India to other parts of Asia is an example of cultural diffusion. Another example could be the spread of American fast food chains, such as McDonald's, to different parts of the world, where they have adapted their menus to local tastes.

Cultural diffusion can lead to the blending of different cultures and the creation of new cultural forms, such as creole languages or fusion cuisine. However, it can also result in the loss of traditional cultural practices and the homogenization of global cultures.

Ram Chandra Poudel

Ram Chandra Poudel (Nepali: राम चन्द्र पौडेल; born 15 October 1944) is a politician from Nepal who is the third President of Nepal (leader) since March 2023. He used to be a senior leader of the Nepali Congress. Poudel became president on 9 March 2023.

Ford Madox Brown

Ford Madox Brown (16 April 1821 – 6 October 1893) was a British painter. He mostly used the Pre-Raphaelite style. 

His best know painting is called Work. It is now in Manchester Art Gallery.
He spent the last years of his life painting murals in Manchester Town Hall. They are about the importance of Christianity, commerce and the textile industry in Manchester's history.

Limerick (poetry)

A limerick is a funny, silly, rude, or sexual poem that has five (or four) lines. Lines 1, 2, and 5 rhyme with each other and have eight (or more) syllables. Lines 3 and 4 have a different rhyme word and have five (or more) syllables each. The poem often begins with "There was a ...", but it doesn't have to.

This one is by Rudyard Kipling:
A limerick by Edward Lear, who is famous for writing this kind of poem, has four lines because he combines lines 3 and 4 into one ten-syllable line:

Atropa

Atropa is a genus of flowering plants, in the nightshade family. They are herbaceous perennials, with large leaves, and shiny berries. These berries are particularly dangerous to children, because they look like cherries, but they are highly poisonous. Atropa species prefer temperate climates and alkaline soils. They often grow in light shade in woodlands near limestone hills and mountains. Their seeds can remain viable in the soil for long periods, germinating when the soil of sites in which plants once grew (but from which plants have long been absent) is disturbed by human activity or by natural causes, e.g. the windthrow of trees. The best-known member of the genus Atropa is deadly nightshade ("A. belladonna") - the poisonous plant "par excellence" in the minds of many. Atropa species contain chemicals that are used in medicine, such as atropine, scopolamine, and hyoscyamine. These are all tropane alkaloids that have anticholinergic, deliriant, antispasmodic and mydriatic properties. The genus is named for Άτροπος ("Atropos") - lit. 'she who may not be turned (aside)' - one of the Three Fates and cutter of the thread of life / bringer of death. They are named after her because of the extreme toxicity of "A. belladonna" and its fellow species.

In some older classifications, the mandrake ("Mandragora officinarum") has been placed in the genus "Atropa", with the scientific name "Atropa mandragora".

Kvaløya (Tromsø)

Kvaløya is a large and mountainous island located in Tromsø Municipality in Troms county, Norway. With a total area of , it is the fifth largest island in mainland Norway. The island is connected to neighboring islands and the mainland by bridges and tunnels.

Kvaløya is home to at least ten mountains higher than 700 metres and three that are over 1,000 metres, including Store Blåmann, the highest peak on the island at 1,044 metres. The island is also characterized by several small fjords, including Kaldfjorden, Ersfjorden, and Kattfjorden, which almost divide the island into two or three parts.

The Rystraumen, a tidal current in the Straumsfjorden strait separating Kvaløya from the mainland, is a popular recreation area for fishing and is home to Ryøya, an island that was formerly home to a small population of musk oxen. The island is also home to Straumhella, a popular recreational area near the current.

Approximately 13,000 people live on Kvaløya, with most residing on the eastern side near Kvaløysletta, which is a suburban area of the city of Tromsø, located near the Sandnessund Bridge.

The west coast of Kvaløya, facing the open ocean, is the warmest part of Tromsø municipality, with the weather station at Sommarøy recording 24-hour averages of -1.9°C in January and 11.9°C in July, and a mean annual temperature of 3.9°C. Annual precipitation on the west coast of Kvaløya is approximately 940 millimetres. 

Kvaløysletta

Kvaløysletta is a neighborhood within the city of Tromsø in Tromsø Municipality, located on the eastern shore of the island of Kvaløya. It is situated about 5 kilometers northwest of the city center of Tromsø, and is connected to the island of Tromsøya by the Sandnessund Bridge. The neighborhood has a population of 8,681 people as of 2017, with a population density of 2,782 inhabitants per square kilometer.

Tromsø

Tromsø is a municipality in Troms county, Norway, with an area and a population of 77,992. The city center of Tromsø (settlement) is located on the island of Tromsøya, but the urban area also surrounds part of the nearby mainland and part of the island Kvaløya. Tromsø is known for its nice weather because it's up north but still gets warm ocean water from the Gulf Stream. Tromsø's latitude of just below 70°N means there’s an annual midnight sun and polar night depending on the season. The city has a rich Norse and Sámi heritage, with evidence of them living there since the end of the ice age. The name Tromsø is believed to come from the Old Norse name of the island Trums, which means "(strong) current." However, the first part of the name's etymology is uncertain. Tromsø is a cultural hub for the region, with several festivals taking place in the summer. Many countries used to have consulates or missions in Tromsø in the 1990s.


Elliott Lipinsky

Elliot Lipinsky (born 1986) is an attorney, author and politician from Alabama, United States.

Lipinsky was born in Montgomery, Alabama in 1986. He attended Saint James School. He completed his Bachelors in History and Political Science from University of Alabama. Later, he studied law at Thomas Goode Jones School of Law.

Lipinsky has been working as 4th Judicial Circuit Assistant District Attorney, Alabama since June, 2017. He has previously served as Sixth Judicial Circuit Deputy District Attorney from June 2016 till May 2017.

In 2018, he was the Republican candidate for Alabama's State auditor. He was defeated by Jim Zeigler.

State Auditor of Alabama election, 2018

Threshold > 50%

In 2020, Elliott Lipinsky published the book, "Space Pup: The Adventures of Elrod Cannon."

In 2019, Elliott Lipinsky was charged with two counts of computer tampering and one count of attempted computer tampering. He surrendered to the Montgomery County Sheriff’s Office on April 3, 2019. Later, the charges were dismissed by the state and his record was expunged.

...Like Clockwork

...Like Clockwork is the sixth studio album by Queens of the Stone Age. Queens of the Stone Age is an American rock band. The album was released on June 3, 2013 in the United Kingdom. It was released on June 4 in the United States. The album was released by Matador Records. It is the first Queens of the Stone Age album to have music with Michael Shuman (bass guitar) and Dean Fertita (keyboard, guitar). Both of them joined the band in 2007.

The band started recording the album in August 2012. At first, they wanted Trent Reznor to produce it. This did not happen. The band produced the album. Joey Castillo left the band while they were making the album. He was the band's drummer. Dave Grohl, who played the drums on "Songs for the Deaf", played the drums for "...Like Clockwork".

Many copies of the album were sold when it was released. Many critics liked the album. It reached the number two spot on the UK Albums Chart. It went to number one on the "Billboard" 200. This is the first Queens of the Stone Age album to be number one on the "Billboard" 200. The album was nominated for three Grammy Awards.

Only Love Can Break Your Heart

"Only Love Can Break Your Heart" is a 1970 song by Canadian singer Neil Young and was taken from his third studio album "After the Gold Rush". It went to number 33 in the United States. It has covered by various artists over the years including Saint Etienne in 1990 and went to number 39 in the United Kingdom and number 97 in the United States.

Troms og Finnmark

Troms og Finnmark, ('Troms and Finnmark'), was a county in northern Norway. Its last day, was the last day of 2023. 
It was created in 2020 by merging the former counties of Troms and Finnmark. The county has a population of about 244,000 and covers an area of 74,840 square kilometers.

On January 1, 2024, the county will be split into separate counties: Finnmark and Troms; Parliament decided that in June 2022; The Tjeldsund Municipality from Nordland county will belong to Troms county.

Troms og Finnmark is located in the northernmost part of Norway and is bordered by the counties of Nordland to the south, and Finnmark to the east. The county is also bordered by Sweden, Finland, and Russia to the east.

The landscape of Troms og Finnmark has both coastal and mountainous terrain. The county is home to several national parks, including Reisa National Park and Øvre Dividal National Park. 

Tromsø is the biggest city in the Troms og Finnmark region of Norway. It is located in the northern part of the country, above the Arctic Circle. Tromsø is known for its beautiful nature, including mountains, fjords, and Northern Lights. The city is also home to many cultural attractions, such as museums and festivals. It has a population of around 75,000 people.

The economy of Troms og Finnmark is largely based on fishing, aquaculture, and the oil and gas industry. The county is also home to several indigenous communities, including the Sámi people, who have a long history in the region.

Indigenous communities are groups of people who have lived in a particular place for a very long time. In many countries, these communities have unique traditions, languages, and ways of life that are important to preserve and celebrate.

One such community in the Nordic countries is the Sámi. They have lived in northern Norway, Sweden, Finland, and parts of Russia for thousands of years. The Sámi have their own language, called Sámi, which has several different dialects.

The Sámi traditionally relied on reindeer herding, fishing, and hunting to sustain themselves. They also had a deep spiritual connection to the natural world and believed in the importance of respecting and protecting the environment.

Today, the Sami people continue to maintain their traditions and cultural practices, such as the Sámi National Day, which is celebrated on February 6th.

Hiking is one of the most popular activities in the region, as there are numerous trails for hikers of all levels of experience. The mountainous landscape of Troms og Finnmark makes hiking in this region very popular.

Skiing is also a popular pastime in Troms og Finnmark, with its numerous mountains and ski resorts offering many ways to access skiing in Norway. Like hiking trails, there are also options available for all levels of experience.

Fishing is another popular activity in the region, with its rivers and lakes teeming with fish. The region is known for its salmon fishing.

The Sámi also play a role in tourism and recreation. There are several buildings in Tromsø built around Sámi cultures and traditions. There are also tours that teach people about their beliefs and ways of doing things.

One of the buildings that are associated with the Sámi includes the Arctic Cathedral. The Arctic Cathedral was built in 1965 in the shape of an iceberg and is known for its large stained-glass windows and wood carvings.

Another important cultural attraction in Tromsø is the Sami Siida Museum. The museum is dedicated to the Sámi, who are the indigenous people of Norway, Sweden, Finland, and Russia. The Sami Siida Museum allow visitors to learn about the culture and traditions of the Sámi. The museum features exhibits on traditional Sámi clothing, crafts, and music, as well as a collection of Sámi artifacts and artwork.

In addition to these two main attractions, there are many other cultural and historical sites to explore in Tromsø. For example, the Polar Museum features exhibits on the lives of Norwegian explorers such as Fridtjof Nansen and Roald Amundsen, who were among the first to explore the Arctic and Antarctic regions.

John Wick: Chapter 4

John Wick: Chapter 4 is a 2023 neo-noir action thriller movie directed by Chad Stahelski. It is a sequel to "" (2019). It is the fourth movie in the "John Wick" franchise. It stars Keanu Reeves as the main character with Donnie Yen, Bill Skarsgård, Laurence Fishburne, Hiroyuki Sanada, Shamier Anderson, Lance Reddick, Rina Sawayama, Scott Adkins, and Ian McShane.

The movie was released in the United States on March 24, 2023.

Doug La Follette

Douglas J. La Follette (born June 6, 1940) is an American academic, environmental scientist, and politician. He was the 30th Secretary of State of Wisconsin from 1983 to 2023. He is a member of the Democratic Party. He was re-elected in 2022 to a 12th term in office, but retired shortly after the start of the new term.

Enemy of the State

Enemy of the State is a 1998 action film directed by Tony Scott and starring Will Smith, Gene Hackman, Jon Voight and Gabriel Byrne. Released on November 20, 1998, it received positive reviews and was a box office success.


The Mask of Zorro

The Mask of Zorro is a 1998 movie directed by Martin Campbell and starring Antonio Banderas. Released on July 17, 1998, it received positive reviews and was a box office success. It was followed by The Legend of Zorro in 2005.

Rated R (Queens of the Stone Age album)

Rated R (also made as Rated X and Rated RX) is the second studio album by Queens of the Stone Age. Queens of the Stone Age is an American rock band. The album was released on June 6, 2000 by Interscope Records. It was the band's first album with Nick Oliveri and Mark Lanegan.

"Rated R" was the band's first popular album. It went on the UK Albums Chart, and was certified gold by the BPI. The album had two singles: "The Lost Art of Keeping a Secret" and "Feel Good Hit of the Summer".

All tracks written by Josh Homme and Nick Oliveri, except where noted. Lead vocals by Homme, except where noted.

Scottville, Michigan

Scottville is a city in Mason County, Michigan, United States.

Stephenson, Michigan

Stephenson is a city in Menominee County, Michigan, United States.

Coleman, Michigan

Coleman is a city in Midland County, Michigan, United States.

McBain, Michigan

McBain is a city in Missaukee County, Michigan, United States.

Luna Pier, Michigan

Luna Pier is a city in Monroe County, Michigan, United States.

Petersburg, Michigan

Petersburg is a city in Monroe County, Michigan, United States.

Carson City, Michigan

Carson City is a city in Montcalm County, Michigan, United States.

Greenville, Michigan

Greenville is a city in Montcalm County, Michigan, United States.

Montague, Michigan

Montague is a city in Muskegon County, Michigan, United States.

Spirit (rover)

Spirit, also known as MER-A (Mars Exploration Rover – A) or MER-2, was a robotic rover that was active on Mars from 2004 to 2010. It was part of the Mars Exploration Rover program, and the rover's twin, "Opportunity" (also known as MER-B), was launched to the other side of the planet. "Sprit" got stuck in a sand trap, and, due to freezing temperatures, the rover made its last communication with NASA on March 22, 2010. ytvkg

SM City Olongapo Downtown

SM City Olongapo Downtown Opened 2012 and soft opening in the 2011 the more floors the address is Magsaysay Drive, cor Gordon Ave, Olongapo, 2200 Zambales. 

in 2000s SM mall in Construction started in 2000s and soft opening in the 2011 P10B more money value and opened 2012. the Mall in the money for SM Prime Holdings. the malls is open 2011 located in the Antipolo, Olongapo. is 2012s P50M money was big to SM Prime.

Baalveer 3

Baalveer 3 is a Indian fantasy television series. It premiered on 18 March 2023 on Sony SAB. It was produced by Vipul D. Shah under Optimystix Entertainment.

The series stars Dev Joshi and Aditi Sanwal.


The series was announced on Sony SAB by Optimystix Entertainment. The shooting of the series started in February 2023, Dev Joshi as Baal Veer and Aditi Sanwal as Kaashvi were signed as the lead. The promo featuring Dev Joshi was released on February 2023.


Argentine Township, Michigan

Argentine Township is a civil township in Genesee County, Michigan, United States.

Kate Moyer

Kate Moyer (born May 2, 2008) is a Canadian actress from the 2018 horror movie called Our House.

Le Papa de Simon

Le papa de Simon is a book written by Guy de Maupassant. The book tells the story of a young boy Simon who has no father. Simon is harassed at school by his classmates because he doesn't have a father. Tired of this mockery, Simon decides to drown in the river, but is stopped by the blacksmith Philippe. It's a perfect opportunity for the little boy, who makes him an immediate deal: if Philippe agrees to play the role of father, he won't drown. If he refuses, he will return to the river.

Deaths in July 2002

The following is a list of notable deaths in July 2002.

Entries for each day are listed alphabetically by surname. A typical entry lists information in the following sequence:
































Bückeburg

Bückeburg is a town in Lower Saxony, Germany. 19,336 people live there. It was the capital of Schaumburg-Lippe. The Bückeburg Palace is where the Princes of Schaumburg-Lippe lived.

S. S. Van Dine

Van Dine was a writer who wrote detective novels. ‘S.S. Van Dine’ is actually a pseudonym. He was born Willard Huntington Wright. He created the fictional detective Philo Vance, a sleuth and aesthete who first appeared in books in the 1920s, then in films and on the radio.

Born to Archibald Davenport Wright and Annie Van Vranken Wright on October 15 1888, Van Dine grew up in his brother’s shadow. His brother, Stanton, was a respected painter; one of the first American abstract artists. Willard was however was more humble in his strength. He was a self-taught writer, attended St. Vincent College, Pomona College, and Harvard University, but did not graduate.

At age 21, Wright began his professional writing career as literary editor of the Los Angeles Times, where – describing himself as "'Esthetic expert and psychological shark". He wrote book reviews for the newspaper. For romance and detective fiction in particular, he was especially brutal.

Van Dine died on April 11 1939, aged 50.

John Martyn

Iain David McGeachy (11 September 1948 – 29 January 2009) was a Scottish singer, guitar player and songwriter. His stage name was John Martyn. He made music for over 40 years. He made 23 studio albums. Most of his music was folk rock and blues.

Martyn started making music when he was 17. He was in the Scottish folk music community. His music was inspired by English folk music and American blues. He joined Island Records and started making albums. He started to make his music sound similar to jazz and rock. His most popular albums were "Bless the Weather" (1971), "Solid Air" (1973) and "One World" (1977). He made music with other people, such as Phil Collins. He kept making music until he died in 2009.

Martyn became a musician when he was 17. He played a mix of folk music and blues. This made him an important person in the British folk music community in the 1960s. In 1967, he joined Island Records, a record label. He released an album named "London Conversation" in 1967. One year later, he released "The Tumbler".

Martyn had a special way of playing the guitar. He played the acoustic guitar, but used many effect pedals with it. This made the guitar sound different. The first time he played the guitar in this way was on "Stormbringer!" in 1970. He made this album with his wife, Beverley Martyn. He made two albums with his wife. The second is named "The" "Road to Ruin".

In February 1973, Martyn released "Solid Air". The song "Solid Air" was made for singer Nick Drake. The album sold many copies. In 2009, a new version of "Solid Air" was made. It had more songs on it. A few months later, he made "Inside Out". This album was about improvised music. Later, he made more music. He visited Jamaica, and met Lee Perry. Perry was a music producer, and worked with Martyn to make new music.

In 1977, he released "One World". Many musicians helped Martyn make the album, such as Rico and Steve Winwood. Lee Perry helped him make the song "Big Muff". The album was influenced by dub music because of Perry. In 1978, he played guitar on "Harmony of the Spheres" by Neil Ardley.

At the end of the 1970s, Martyn's marriage got worse. Some say that this was because he was addicted to drugs and was an alcoholic. Beverly said that John hurt her. Martyn said this was a "very dark" time in his life. Because of this, he made the album "Grace and Danger". Phil Collins played the drums on the album. It was released in October 1980. Chris Blackwell, the owner of Island Records, did not want to release the album. This was because he was a good friend of Martyn and Beverley. He thought the album was too sad to release. Martyn wanted him to release the album, so he did. In the late 1980s, Martyn said "Grace and Danger" was his favorite album. It is one of his most popular albums.

In 1981, Martyn left Island Records. He joined WEA, another record label. He made two more albums: "Glorious Fool" and "Well Kept Secret". Both of these albums went into the top 30 on the UK Albums Chart. He left WEA after making the albums, and joined Island Records again. He made three albums with Island, and then left the record label again in 1988.

Martyn joined Permanent Records and made two albums. These were "The Apprentice" (1990) and "Cooltide" (1991). Phil Collins helped him make "No Little Boy" in 1993. This album had new versions of some of his older songs. In the late 1990s, Martyn started mixing his music with trip-hop. Some of his albums that had this type of music were "And" and "Glasgow Walker".

Martyn had to have his right leg amputated below the knee. This was because a cyst opened on his leg, and he got sepsis. In July 2006, BBC made a documentary named "Johnny Too Bad" about this time. The documentary was also about Martyn writing and making music for "On the Cobbles". This was an album that was released in 2004. The album had a more acoustic sound. 

On January 29, 2009, Martyn died in Thomastown, County Kilkenny, Ireland. He died because of acute respiratory distress syndrome. He had been living in Thomastown with his wife, Theresa Walsh. Martyn was put in the Order of the British Empire in 2009. Walsh accepted the award at Buckingham Palace for him. His last studio album, "Heaven and Earth", was finished in 2011.



Armageddon (movie)

Armageddon is a 1998 disaster movie directed by Michael Bay and starring Bruce Willis. Released on July 1, 1998, the film received mixed reviews but was a box office success.

Man on the Moon (movie)

Man on the Moon is a 1999 movie directed by Miloš Forman and starring Jim Carrey. It is a biographical comedy-drama film about the late American entertainer Andy Kaufman. Other actors were Danny DeVito, Courtney Love, and Paul Giamatti.

Released on December 22, 1999, it was a box office failure but it received mixed reviews.

Carrey won a Golden Globe for his performance, and the movie was also nominated for Best Musical or Comedy.

Olajide Fashikun

Olajide Fashikun, also known as Olajide Ayodeji Fashikun, was a Nigerian journalist who was arrested in November 2011 over his stories alleging corruption in the Nigerian Football Federation. He was the editor of the National Accord Newspaper and the publisher of Gong News until his death in January 2019.
He was known for his anti-corruption crusade against corruption in Nigerian sports. He was also known for initiating the "Adopt an athlete" idea for promising athletes to be supported by corporate organizations leading to major competitions.

Fashikun was born in Kaduna, Nigeria on 14 September 1965.

He began as all round sportsman who played football, handball, volleyball, basketball and won victories for his country.

He played handball for Nigeria (1979-1999) when he retired from international duties. He played football for Zabgai of Bauchi (1984); El-Kanemi Warriors of Maiduguri (1985); Zamalek of Egypt (1986-1988) when injuries ruled him out.

He was Nigeria's junior 200m winner and record holder in 1979. He was the youngest player in Nigeria handball men national team that won the African Nations Cup in 1979.
Fashikun won gold medal at African Nations Cup in Lagos, Nigeria in 1980; gold medal at African Nations Cup in Bauchi, Nigeria in 1984; gold medal at NIPOGA in 1985 in Kaduna, Nigeria; bronze medal at Nigeria Universities Games Association (NUGA) in 1988 in Calabar, Nigeria; gold medal at NUGA in 1998 in Kano, Nigeria.


He was the editor of the National Accord Newspaper, the sports editor of the Herald Newspaper and the senior sports reporter of ThisDay Newspaper. He was also the managing editor of Gong News and was known for his truthful reports. He was a former lecturer at the Kwara State Polytechnic and also a former chairman of the Sports Writers Association of Nigeria, Kwara State chapter.

He was the director, Sports Development and Marketing with the Nigeria Sports Development Fund Incorporated.
Fashikun died in the early hours of Sunday, 27 January 2019 at the Federal Medical Center, Jabi in Abuja, Nigeria after a brief illness. He was 54 years old.

He was buried on Wednesday, 30 January 2019 in his hometown at Obbo-Aiyegunle in Ekiti Local Government Area of Kwara State, Nigeria. He was survived by an aged mother, wife and four children.
On 25 March 2023, Isaiah Ogedegbe recognized Olajide Fashikun's contribution to sports development in Nigeria, describing him as "a sports journalist who gave sports journalism a new definition".
After his death, Olajide Fashikun was remembered by Isaiah Ogedegbe as "an acidic reporter who was never afraid of opening cans of worms", either with his acidic mouth, or with his acidic writing pen.

He was also remembered by the same writer as "a perfect gentleman, yet a dogged fighter for the truth in defence of a just society".

Armenian Church, Singapore

The Armenian Church of Saint Gregory the Illuminator, known locally as the Armenian Church, is the oldest Christian church in Singapore.It was completed in 1836. It is located at 60 Hill Street, Singapore.

The building became a national monument of Singapore in 1973.

The church was designed by George Drumgoole Coleman. The church is dedicated to St Gregory the Illuminator, the first Patriarch of the Armenian Church. 

The land for the church was given in 1834 and building began in 1835. It was opened in 1836.

The church has had few changes made to it.In 2016, the church underwent restoration. 

Armenian Church, was built mostly in the British neoclassical style. It was also influenced by other styles. 


1989–90 Austrian Cup

The 1989-90 Austrian Cup was Austria's nationwide football cup competition. FC Tirol Innsbruck were the defending champions. The official name was "ÖFB Memphis Cup" after the competition sponsor Austria-Tabak-Werke. (Memphis was a brand of the sponsor.) 

FK Austria Wien:
Franz Wohlfahrt – Harald Schneider, Robert Frind, Ernst Aigner, Anton Pfeffer, Attila Sekerlioglu, Walter Hörmann, Manfred Zsak (82. Peter Stöger), Thomas Flögel (82. Ralph Hasenhüttl), Hannes Pleva, Andreas Ogris
<br>coach: Herbert Prohaska

SK Rapid Wien:
Michael Konsel – Robert Pecl, Peter Schöttel, Andreas Poiger, Franz Weber, Franz Blizenec, Andreas Herzog, Andreas Reisinger, Zlatko Kranjčar (87. Karl Brauneder), Jan Åge Fjørtoft (89. Horst Steiger), Heimo Pfeifenberger
<br>coach: Hans Krankl

Gotham City Sirens

The Gotham City Sirens is an American comic book series published by DC Comics. It refers to a group of female Gotham City villains that consists of Catwoman, Harley Quinn, and Poison Ivy. The "Gotham City Sirens" were created by Paul Dini and Guillem March, first appearing in "Gotham City Sirens #1". (2009).

Dheghom

Dheghom (Proto-Indo-European: "*dʰéǵʰōm" or "*dʰǵʰōm"; 'earth'), or Plethwih (PIE: "*pleth₂wih₁", the 'Broad One'), is an Earth-goddess from Proto-Indo-European mythology.
She is often called Mother Earth ("*Dʰéǵʰōm Méh₂tēr"), and is called vast (*"pleth₂wih₁") and dark ("*dʰengwo-") . She represents the place where people and animals live.

She takes care of everything and everyone, like plants and animals. She is often thought of together with Dyēus, who is the god of the sky and where the other gods live. They are different but work together. Dyēus can make it rain which helps things grow and makes people happy. People who speak certain languages believe that the Mother Earth helps things grow and die. They think she is where people come from and where they go when they die.

The word for 'earth' in Proto-Indo-European is *dʰ(é)ǵʰōm. This word is found in many different languages that come from Proto-Indo-European. For example, it is in Albanian dhe and toka, Hittite tēkan and tagān, Sanskrit kṣám, Greek khthṓn, Latin humus, Avestan zam, Tocharian tkaṃ, Old Irish dú, Lithuanian žẽmė, and Old Slavonic zemlja. This is why it is considered to be one of the most certain words we know from Proto-Indo-European.. However, there isn't much proof from language that the name *Dheghom was used for rituals. In fact, she was also known by other names, such as *Pleth₂-wih₁ (the 'Broad One'). But these other names aren't found as much in the different languages that came from Proto-Indo-European.
If we can trust that the Earth-goddess in Proto-Indo-European was called Dheghom and that Plethwih was one of her nicknames, it's likely that people thought of her as the Earth as a god-like being, not just a goddess who ruled over the Earth. This is because Proto-Indo-European mythology was strongly influenced by animism, which means people believed that everything had a spirit or soul.



Yeonmi Park

Yeonmi Park (; born 4 October 1993) is a North Korean defector and activist whose family fled from North Korea to China in 2007 and settled in South Korea in 2009, before moving to the United States in 2014. Her family turned to black-market trading during the North Korean famine in the 1990s. Her father was sent to a labor camp for smuggling. They fled to China, where Park and her mother fell into the hands of human traffickers and she was sold into slavery before escaping to Mongolia. She is now an advocate for victims of human trafficking in China and works to promote human rights in North Korea and around the globe.

Murder of Victoria Climbié

Adjo Victoria Climbié (November 2, 1991 - February 25, 2000), better known as Anna Climbié or Victoria Climbié was born in Abobo near Abidjan in the Ivory Coast, and when she was aged seven she was sent by her parents to Europe with her great-aunt Marie Thérèse Kouao for a chance for an education. They travelled first to France, and then to England. In London, Kouao met bus-driver Carl Manning, and she and Victoria moved into his flat in Tottenham in July 1999. Here, Victoria was abused by both Kouao and Manning. She was admitted to casualty on February 24, 2000, unconscious and suffering from hypothermia; she died the next day. The Home Office pathologist noted 128 separate injuries and scars on her body. 

Marie Thérèse Kouao and Carl Manning were charged with child cruelty and murder. During police interviews, both claimed that Victoria was possessed. Their trial ran from November 2000 to January 12, 2001. Both were found guilty, and were sentenced to life imprisonment. 

Victoria's murder led to a public inquiry, chaired by Lord Herbert Laming, who investigated the role of social services, the NHS and police in her death. The Laming report found that on at least 12 occasions care workers could have saved her life. The highly critical report has lead to further reforms of the way child protection measures are implemented in the U.K., including the creation of a database to keep track of every child in Britain in order to better co-ordinate the notes of doctors and social workers.


Abobo

Abobo is a town and commune in Côte d'Ivorie. 

Them Crooked Vultures

Them Crooked Vultures is an alternative rock band. It was formed in 2009 in Los Angeles. It is a supergroup (a band of musicians that are already popular). The band's members are Josh Homme (singing, guitar), John Paul Jones (bass guitar, keyboard) and Dave Grohl (drums). The group also has Alain Johannes when they play at concerts.

The band started making music in 2009. In October 2009, they released their first single. It was named "New Fang". In November 2009, they released the album "Them Crooked Vultures". The album went to the number 12 spot on the "Billboard" 200. The group won a Grammy Award in 2011 for "New Fang". The band took a break in 2010.

In September 2022, the band played at two concerts. The concerts were for Taylor Hawkins, the drummer for Foo Fighters that had died. Greg Kurstin helped play the keyboards for the band during these concerts. 

Gerald Willfurth

Gerald Willfurth (born 6 November 1962) is a former Austrian football midfielder. He played mainly for SK Rapid Wien and SV Austria Salzburg. He also played for the Austrian national football team.

Willfurth began his career at ASK Bad Fischau. In 1981 he moved to Rapid Wien. With the club he was Austrian champion four times and won the cup four times until 1989. Another great success was reaching the final of the 1984–85 European Cup Winners' Cup . Willfurth played 204 Bundesliga games for SK Rapid. From 1989 to 1993. Willfurth then played for SV Austria Salzburg (2-time runners-up in 1992 and 1993). Then he moved back to ASK Bad Fischau. In 1996 he moved to ASK Kottingbrunn, in 1997 to SC Eisenstadt. He ended his active career in 1998.

He made his debut for Austria in a June 1983 European Championship qualification match away against Albania, coming on as an 88th-minute substitute for Felix Gasselich. He played 30 matches and scored 3 goals for the national team. His last match was an April 1991 friendly match against Norway.




Pasindu Kumara

Kalawila Vithanage Pasindu Kavinda Kumara is an Sri Lankan translator and the founder of Sri Lankan Language Research Center. He is well known among the Sri Lankan people for the effort he done to make Sinhala language available to many platforms, including Facebook.
Besides translating, Kumara is also interested in foreign languages, especially Hindi. Pasindu Kumara was born at Castle Street Hospital in Sri Lanka but now he lives in Singapore.

Pasindu Kumara was born in Colombo, Sri Lanka. He went to Hewavitharana Maha Vidyalaya.

In 2014, Facebook was used over millions of Sri Lankan people but it was lacking the of support in native language Sinhala and Pasindu saw an opportunity to transform the Facebook platform into Sinhala language, which was used by the millions of Sri Lankan users by the time, but it was a very difficult work at first. He decided to make a request to Facebook that saying Sinhala language was used by millions of users in Sri Lanka but it lacks support for Sinhala, and it was acepted by Facebook Translations Team in February 2014. Pasindu started to translate Facebook into Sinhala in March and he was finally able to complete the translation by May, then he requested the team to publish and make the language available to Sinhala users worldwide. He was featured in many newspapers and media back in 2014 for the work his done for the Sinhala language community.

Pasindu enjoys translating.


Kingdom of Mutapa

The kingdom of Mutapa was a state that existed in Africa. It was made of parts of modern-day Zimbabwe, and the middle part of Mozambique. Probably it was most successful in the 13th to the 15th century. The Portugese were th e first to come to the southern parts of Africa. When they did, the kingdom had alreadysplit into smaller parts. As the people didn't use writing, most of what is known is from ruins, and archeological sites. Great Zimbabwe is probably the best known of these. Other than that, there are many oral traditions about its rulers. 

How the kingdom was organized in detail is unclear. The oral traditions that are there, tell that there was a great focus on the king, as a person. This points to some king of absolutism. Likely, the king was sacred, and seen as god. This is typical for early African states, and can also be observed elsewhere in the region. 

They used canals for irrigation. These canals are open ditches alongside the mountain hills. There's a lot of engineering which keeps the water flowing. Both of these point to a society which was higlhly organised, and able recruit many workers, in a short time. 

The kingdom likely had two periods: in the first, Great Zimbabwe was built, and was the center of economic activity. In a second period, there were other centers as well. 

Philip V of France

Philip V (French: "Philippe V"; 1293 — 3 January 1322) nicknamed the Tall (French: "le Long") was the King of France from 1316 until his death in 1322. He was also the King of Navarre (as Philip II) from 1314 until his death in 1322, and also the Regent of France during the interregnum between the death of his older brother Louis X and the birth of Louis' posthumous son, John I and also during the reign of the short-lived king.

Philip was the second son of King Philip IV of France and Queen Joan I of Navarre. As the second son, he never expected to become king. He was granted an appanage, the County of Poitiers, while his elder brother, Louis, inherited the French and Navarrese thrones. However, when Louis inherited the French throne after his father's death in 1314, Louis gave the Navarrese throne to Philip and he became the King of Navarre as Philip II. When Louis died two years later in 1316, he left a daughter, Joan and a pregnant wife, Clementia of Hungary. Philip successfully claimed the regency. Clementia gave birth to a boy John who was immediately proclaimed after his birth king as John I, but the infant king lived only for five days.

After the death of his nephew, Philip immediately had himself crowned at Reims. However, his legitimacy was challenged by the party of Louis X's daughter Joan. Philip successfully contested her claims for a number of reasons, including her youth, doubts regarding her paternity (her mother was involved in the Tour de Nesle Affair), and the Estates General's determination that women should be excluded from the line of succession to the French throne. The succession of Philip, instead of Joan, set the precedent for the French royal succession that would be known as the Salic law.

Philip restored good relations with the County of Flanders, which had entered into open rebellion during his father's rule, but simultaneously his relations with his brother-in-law Edward II of England worsened as Edward, who was also the Duke of Guyenne, refused to swear homage to him. A spontaneous popular crusade started in Normandy in 1320 aiming to liberate the Iberian Peninsula from the Moors. Instead the angry populace marched to the south attacking castles, royal officials, priests, lepers, and Jews. Philip engaged in a series of domestic reforms intended to improve the management of the kingdom. These reforms included the creation of an independent Court of Finances, the standardization of weights and measures, and the establishment of a single currency.

In 1307 Philip married Joan II, Countess of Burgundy, with whom he had four daughters. The couple however, produced no male heirs, therefore, when Philip died from dysentery in 1322, he was succeeded by his younger brother Charles IV.

Philip as seen as one of France's greatest kings. Like his predecessors, he established a system of local militias under officers responsible to the crown. He also increased the efficiency of government machinery at all levels and checked the abuses of local officials. He also stabilized the country and kept France in peace.

I'll Be Your Baby Tonight

"I'll Be Your Baby Tonight" is a 1967 song by Bob Dylan and first released on his eighth studio album "John Wesley Harding". It has been covered by many artists.

In 1990 it was covered by Robert Palmer and UB40 for his 10th studio album "Don't Explain". The song was successful in Australia, Austria, Ireland, the Netherlands, New Zealand (where it peaked at #1), Switzerland and the United Kingdom.





Platymantis isarog

The Isarog forest frog ("Platymantis isarog") is a frog. It lives in the Philippines on Mount Isarog. People have seen it between 1200 and 1800 meters above sea level.

Rutanya Alda

Rutanya Alda (born Rūta Skrastiņa; October 13, 1942) is a Latvian-American actress.

Rutanya Alda was born Rūta Skrastiņa in Riga, in German-occupied Latvia, the daughter of Vera ("née" Ozoliņa), a businesswoman, and Jānis Skrastiņš, a poet. Alda, her grandmother, her mother and her brother spent seven years in a refugee camp in Allied-occupied Germany after World War II. She then moved with her family to the United States, briefly living in Chicago before settling in Flagstaff, Arizona.

She began her career in the late 1960s, and went on to have supporting movie roles in "The Deer Hunter" (1978), "Rocky II" (1979), and "Mommie Dearest" (1981). She also appeared in a lead role in the horror movies "" and "Girls Nite Out" (both 1982). She was nominated for the Golden Raspberry Awards (Razzies) as "Worst Supporting Actress" two years in succession (1982 and 1983) for "Mommie Dearest" and "Amityville II: The Possession". She has also won a Clio Award and is a member of the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences.

She was married to actor Richard Bright from 1977 until his death in 2006, when he was hit by a bus in New York City. They had one son, Jeremy.



Asim Azhar

Asim Azhar (Urdu: عاصم اظہر; conceived 29 October 1996) is a Pakistani vocalist, lyricist, performer and an entertainer. He began his profession as a vocalist on YouTube, covering contemporary Western melodies before he turned into a person of note.


John Washington

John Washington (1633 – 1677) was an English-born merchant, planter, politician and military officer. He was born in Tring, Hertfordshire. He later moved to the colony of Virginia, where he became a planter. Washington served in the Virginia militia and ownrf several plantations. His plantations used a combination of indentured and enslaved labor. Washington also served for many years in the House of Burgesses. He represented Westmoreland County. He was the first member of the Washington family to live in North America. He is also the paternal great-grandfather of George Washington, the first president of the United States.

Augustine Washington

Augustine Washington, Sr. (12 November 169412 April 1743), was an British colonial American planter and iron ore miner. He was the father of George Washington, the first president of the United States. He belonged to the Colony of Virginia's landed gentry. Like his father and his sons, Washington had owned plantations which he operated by the use of enslaved labor. He also speculated in less developed land and had even operated in an iron mine. Unlike his father and his son George, Washington was never a legislator. He held various offices in the counties where he had land.

Washington's first wife was Jane Butler, who died in November of 1729. His second wife was Mary Ball Washington, the mother of George Washington. He was the son of Lawrence Washington and his wife, Mildred Gale.

Lawrence Washington (1659–1698)

Lawrence Washington (1659 - 1698) was the father of Augustine Washington, who was the father of George Washington. Lawrence died in 1698 in Virginia, British Colonial America.

&quot;Weird Al&quot; Yankovic in 3-D

"Weird Al" Yankovic in 3-D (sometimes called In 3-D) is the second studio album by American singer-songwriter "Weird Al" Yankovic. It was released on February 28, 1984 by Rock 'n Roll Records. It was produced by Rick Derringer. It was recorded between October and December 1983.

The album's music is parodies of pop and rock music from the 1980s. Yankovic made parody versions of songs by many musicians. Half of the album is parodies of songs other people have made, such as Michael Jackson, Men Without Hats, the Police, and Survivor. The other half of the album is "style parodies". This is music that does not parody any song. It parodies the style of music a person makes. The album has style parodies based on Bob Marley and the B-52s. "In 3-D" is different from Yankovic's first album (""Weird Al" Yankovic"). The parody songs on the album were more similar to their original songs. Yankovic also did not play the accordion for every song. It is Yankovic's first album with a polka themed mix of popular songs on it. Yankovic has put a polka mix on many albums since "In 3-D".

""Weird Al" Yankovic in 3-D" went to number 17 on the "Billboard" 200. This is an American music chart. It also went to number 61 on Australian music charts. The album has one of Yankovic's most popular singles on it. It is named "Eat It". This single went to number 12 on the "Billboard" Hot 100. This was his highest charting song until 2006. "Eat It" was also number one in Australia. This makes it his only number one song in any country. The album had two more singles: "King of Suede" and "I Lost on Jeopardy". The album was certified platinum by the RIAA. "Eat It" won a Grammy Award in 1985.

Mildred Gale

Mildred Gale, born Mildred Warner () was the spouse (wife) of Lawrence Washington. He was the paternal grandfather of George Washington. After her husband died in February 1698, she had to raise her children all alone, and thus became a single parent (mother). She herself died on . 

Kratié (Town)

Kraitie is a town in cambodia. It is the capital of Kratié Province within Cambodia and is a "sangkat" within Kratié Municipality.

Jesus Is King

Jesus Is King is a gospel album made by Kanye West. It is West's ninth album. The album has 2 singles: "Follow God" and "Closed On Sunday". It has 11 songs on it. It is 27 minutes and 4 seconds long. This makes it West's shortest album. "Jesus Is King" was released on October 25th, 2019. It was released by Def Jam Records and GOOD Music. "Jesus Is King" is very different from West's other music. It is inspired by gospel and Christian music. It has vocals from The Sunday Service Choir, Ant Clemons, Ty Dolla $ign, Fred Hammond, Clipse, and Kenny G. Many critics did not like the album. It is West’s worst-reviewed album. All sequels to this album, including "Jesus Is King II", "God’s Country", and "Yandhi", were scrapped. The album "Donda" (2021) was made instead.

The album won a Grammy Award in 2021. It is West's ninth album to be number one on the "Billboard" 200. The album was certified gold by the RIAA.

Track listing and credits are from Tidal and the BMI Repertoire.

Notes

Postfinance

Postfinance is a large bank in Switzerland. It is a part of Swiss Post (the Swiss Postal service). It is mainly active to do national and international payments. It also offers other services, such as saving accounts, or accounts for pension plans, or morgages, but to a lesser extent. It is among the biggest financial institutions in Switzerland. Because it is part of Swiss Post, everyone who legally lives in Switzerland must be able to get a bank account at Postfinance.

On the Count of Three

On the Count of Three is a 2021 American comedy-drama movie directed by Jerrod Carmichael. The movie is about two friends who make a suicide pact and plan to end their lives at the end of the day. Before they carry out their plan, they try to fix their problems and make up for their mistakes. The film stars Carmichael and Christopher Abbott as the two friends. Tiffany Haddish, J.B. Smoove, and Henry Winkler also appear in supporting roles. "On the Count of Three" premiered at the 2021 Sundance Film Festival. It was released in theaters and on video-on-demand in January 2022.

Donda

Donda is the tenth studio album by American rapper and producer Kanye West. It was released in August 2021. The album is named after West's late mother, Donda West, who died in 2007. The album features 27 tracks and runs for a total of 108 minutes. 

The album features guest appearances from a variety of artists, including The Weeknd, Jay-Z, Kid Cudi, Travis Scott, and more. The album has been praised for its innovative production and introspective lyrics, with many critics noting its emotional depth and West's willingness to be vulnerable. "Donda" debuted at number one on the Billboard 200 chart. It has been certified Gold by the Recording Industry Association of America. 

Track listing adapted from Tidal.

Listicle

When talking about journalism, a listicle in an article that is published as a list. The titles of such articles will usually contain a number, and often a superlative: "The 10 most important things...", "The 30 best places..." are examples of such titles. The article will then give this numbered list, and often also an explanation, for each item. Many of these listicles are presented in a count-down order, so that the best item is at the end. This also implies a ranking. Other listicles give no ranking directly, and simply discuss the items, perhaps gropuing them by theme: "20 things to do in ..".The word is a portmanteau derived from "list" and "article." The word is similar to "popsicle". This stresses the fun but "not too nutritious" nature of the listicle.

Listicles also have the benefit that they can be produced more rapidly than in-depth articles or essays, which may require a lot of research. 

While conventional reportage and essay-writing often require the careful crafting of narrative flow, the building-block nature of the listicle lends itself to more rapid production. It can also be a means of "recycling" information, as often it is the context, not the content, that is original. For example, one can construct a listicle by adding captions to YouTube clips. For these reasons, the form has come under criticism as a "kind of cheap content-creation".
It's so easy you wonder why everyone doesn't do it until you realize that now it's all they do: Come up with an idea ("Top 10 Worst [X]") on the L train ride to the office that morning, [and] slap together 10 (or 25, or 100) cultural artifacts ripe for the kind of snarky working over that won't actually tax you at all as a writer/thinker.
The blogger and technologist Anil Dash has disparaged the proliferation of listicles, particularly within the blogosphere, characterizing them in 2006 as the "geek equivalents of Cosmo coverlines".

Nevertheless, the form remains a mainstay of the newsstand and of the web. The covers of magazines such as "Cosmopolitan" and "Men's Journal" regularly sport at least one, if not several listicles. Some websites, such as BuzzFeed, generate hundreds of listicles daily.

Alex Johnson, writing for "The Independent", suggested that an 1886 speech by Sir John Lubbock which gave a list of around 100 books "which on the whole are perhaps best worth reading" was an early form of listicle, and that Lubbock should be considered the 'godfather' of the format.

Steven Poole suggested that listicles have literary precursors like Jorge Luis Borges's "The Analytical Language of John Wilkins". He also compares it to more high-art versions like Umberto Eco's "The Infinity of Lists", a book composed entirely of lists.

In 2009, posts in the format "25 Random Things About Me" became an Internet meme, starting on Facebook but spreading to the broader web, and attracting considerable media coverage in the process.


Programming block

A programming block is the arrangement of television and radio programs so that similar types of programs will air in succession. TV channels and radio stations tend to do this with the hope that it will keep viewers interested and stay tuned to the station for a longer period of time rather than leave after just one show. This is quite popular in cable TV, where they can arrange reruns into blocks to fill daytime slots where there aren’t so many viewers watching. Some blocks have become so popular that they ended up getting their own channel.

Gopa (caste)

Gopa or Gop or Gope is a synonym of the Ahir (Yadav) caste found in India and Nepal. in the Mahabharata, Ahir, Gopa, Gopal and Yadavas are all synonyms. The Amarakośa mentions Gopa, Gopāla, Gosaṁkhya, Godhuk and Ballava as the synonyms for Abhira and says that the village or place where Abhiras lived is named as Ghosha or Abhirapalli. The modern Ahirs are the descendants of the Abhiras of ancient times. The Abhiras were the same as the Gopas or Ballavas of Mathura becomes evident from the fact that the Padma Purana relates that Vishnu informed the Abhiras: I shall be born amongst you, O Abhiras, at Mathura in my eighth birth.

The Yadavas of the Mahabharata period were known to be the followers of Vaishnavism, of which Krishna was the leader: they were Gopas (cowherd) by profession, but at the same time they held the status of the Kshatriyas, participating in the battle of Kurukshetra. The present Ahirs/Yadavs are also followers of Vaisnavism.
In Harivamsa Purana, it has been said that Gopas and Yadav are generic of same lineage and they are called Gop or Yadav.

According to Bhagavata Purana, The Gopas are re-incarnation of Devas. They are the messengers of Krishna, They are fond of Gavya or the products of Cows. The relation between Krishna and the Gopas is that between an object and its image.

In Rigveda, King Yadu (ancestor of the Yadavas) is mentioned as Gopa, here the term Gopa may have been used to refer to the king or chief of the tribe as Gopa or Gopati was also the epithet given to the king in that period.

Narayani Sena (Gopayan) or Yadav(Ahir) Sena, the army of Lord Krishna of Dwarka Kingdom is called as the supreme sena of all time. It is described in the Mahabharat as being all of the Abhira caste. They were the basic threat to the rival kingdoms. Fearing Narayani Sena, many kings do not tried fighting against Dwarka. Because Dwarka sorted most of the threats through Krishna's politics and talent of Yadavas. Using Narayani Sena, the Yadavas extended their empire to most of India.
Krishna had offered Arjuna, the choice of selection between him or his whole army of Narayani Sena against Duryodhana. He possessed 10 million fighting Gopas who were brave fighters and were famous by the name of Narayan. In Harivansa Purana, it has been said that Gopa or Yadav are generic of the same lineage.
Before the war started in the Kurukshetra battlefield in Mahabharat (one of the two major epics of ancient India), both sides – the Kauravas and the Pandavas started out in all directions to meet various kings to solicit support. Incidentally, both Duryodhana (from Kauravas side) and Arjuna (from Pandavas side) reached Dwarika, the kingdom of Shree Krishna together. Lord Krishna put forward a condition in front of both – you can have either me on your side or my entire army, the Yadav army – known as the Narayani Sena. He also told both that he wouldn't take to any arms during the entire war. So when Krishna first asked Arjun what he wanted, much to Duryodhana's delight, he opted for the Lord- 'Narayan' and Duryodhana got these great warriors of the strong army-the Narayani Sena. When Narayani Sena was fighting for Kauravas, only Kritavarma and his army unit fought for the Kauravas. Satyaki fought for the Pandavas. The rest of the Atirathas and Maharathis were withheld from the Kurukshetra war on the advice of Balram and Krishna.
These Gopas, whom Krishna had offered to Duryodhana to fight in his support when he himself joined Arjuna's side, were no other than the Yadavas themselves, who were also the Abhiras. They were the supporters of the Duryodhana and Kauravas, and in the Mahabharata, Abhir, Gopa, Gopal and Yadavas are all synonyms. They defeated the hero of Mahabharatha war (Arjuna), and spared him when he disclosed the identity of the members of the family of Sri Krishna.

Other Side of the World

"Other Side of the World" is a 2005 song by KT Tunstall and is the opening track from her debut studio album "Eye of the Telescope". It went to number 13 in the United Kingdom, number 21 in the Netherlands, number 22 in Italy and number 25 in Ireland.

UK CD single 

UK limited-edition 7-inch single 

UK DVD single 

UK and US digital download

European CD single 

New Brighton, New Zealand

New Brighton is a coastal suburb of Christchurch. It is 8 kilometers east of the Christchurch Central and has an architecturally unique pier and scenic coastline. It was damaged in the 2011 Christchurch earthquake. It has three primary schools in the suburb and was the first to have trading on Saturdays in 1946. 

South New Brighton

South New Brighton is the eastern suburb of Christchurch, New Zealand. It is located east of New Brighton and west of Southshore. It has a primary school and opened in 1922.

Dancing with Tears in My Eyes

"Dancing with Tears in My Eyes" is a 1984 song by British new wave band Ultravox and is the second single from their seventh studio album "Lament". It went to number 2 in Belgium, number 3 in the United Kingdom, number 6 in the Netherlands and Poland, number 7 in Germany, number 8 in Ireland, number 16 in Switzerland, number 36 in France and number 38 in New Zealand. It failed to chart in the United States.

StopBayarPajak

StopBayarPajak (or spelled #StopBayarPajak) is a hashtag that appeared in cyberspace-especially on the social networking site Twitter-in February and March 2023 regarding criticism from the Indonesian public regarding the persecution case of David Ozora Latumahina on 20 February 2023 by the son of one who was previously an official within the Regional Office of the Directorate General of Taxes, Ministry of Finance, South Jakarta II. The credibility of the Ministry of Finance as a tax collection state institution was questioned due to allegations of misuse of his father's assets as an official within the Directorate General of Taxes for personal gain.


Sveagruva

Sveagruva (sometimes called Svea, translates to 'mine of the Swedes') was a mining settlement on Spitsbergen. It was used to get coal from the Svea Nord mine, the biggest mine on Spitsbergen. It is the southernomst settlement on Spitsbergen, not counting the Polish research station at Hornsund. The mine was closed in 2016. Only few people permanently lived in Sveagruva. Most poeple lived in Longyearbyen with their families, and commuted to work.

There are no roads to connect Sveagruva to other settlements. There is an airport, and there is a port, about away. The coal was transported by ship, the people used airplanes. Since 2020, there have not been permanent residents in Sveagruva. It is a ghost town.

Rafael Alun Trisambodo

Rafael Alun Trisambodo (born in Yogyakarta 11 August 1967) is a former echelon III civil servant who most recently served as Head of the General Section of the DGT South Jakarta Regional Office. He is known to have assets worth 56 billion rupiah which was revealed after the persecution case committed by his son.
He is also known as "Penguasa Jaksel".


Petroleum industry in Nigeria

Nigeria is one of the countries that manufactures oil and gas in Africa, the nation takes the second position based on the volume of production. There are two types of crude oil which is extracted from the Niger delta basin: the light, and heavy crude oil. The light crude oil equals 36 in weight while the heavier is about 20–25 in weight. Both the light and heavy crude oil have paraffin but they are low in sulfur. The wealth and financial plan of Nigeria have been improved upon through the income and revenues gotten from the petroleum industry since 1960. In February 2021, the statistics has shown that the Nigerian oil sector contributes to about 9% of the entire GDP of the nation. Nigeria is an African nation that mainly produces and exports oil and gas as well as other petroleum products to the United States of America. In 2010, Nigeria exported more than one million barrels per day to the United States, amounting to 9% of the total crude oil and petroleum products imported by the U.S. and more than 40% of exports by Nigeria.

The need for the improvement of the petroleum industry towards the provision of easy business environment, and encouragement of local contents results to the passing of the Petroleum Industry Bill into law by the Goodluck Jonathan administration on July 18, 2008.

Health in New Zealand

New Zealand is a high income country, and the population are generally healthy. The main health problems are obesity and heart disease. New Zealand was 7th among OECD countries for obesity in 2003, with 20.9% of the adult population having a body mass index of greater than 30.

Life expectancy rose steadily between 1960 and 2020. In 2022, the life expectancy of New Zealanders was 82.65 years.  Māori life expectancy was seven years less in 2000 and still 7 years less in 2023, but improved by 4 years between 2002 and 2022, just the same as the rest of the population. 

Data (computing)

Data is a sequence of numbers, words, or other symbols. Data needs to be explained to become information. Digital data is data stored using the binary system, and is 1s and 0s. In computer systems invented after 1960, all data is digital. Data can be transported over a network or in memory, be changed, or be stored and be inactive. Data moving inside of a computer moves in multiple of these binary digits, in multiple conductors. Data that comes from a system that detects temperature is often analog and needs to become many binary digits, instead. Data that is used for numbers, characters, or symbols is stored using various magnets, a disc, electronics, or mechanically. Data goes into and out of various other devices attached to the computer. Memory elements often use a hexadecimal address, and 1 byte of storage. Data is, many times, stored in databases. A visual, such as a graph, can be created out of data.

Data can be metadata, or data that is about other data. It can be suggested, or it can be given. Data relating to actual events usually has the time recorded as metadata. Computers follow commands given to them as data, and those commands are called programs. A program is a list of commands that control the computer, and which it does. When the program is acted on by the computer, it consists of code. The storage used by the program, but not acted on by the central processing unit (CPU) are data. A single datum is a value stored inside of the computer. Files containing only binary are sometimes called data, so as to point out the difference between these files and readable text. The amount of digital data was guessed to be 281 exabytes in 2008.

Platymantis luzonensis

The Luzon forest frog ("Platymantis luzonensis") is a frog. It lives in the Philippines. People have seen it about 600 meters above sea level.

Dentistry in the United Kingdom

Dentistry in the United Kingdom is partly a free part of the National Health Service and partly paid for privately. Most dentists run private businesses. UK dentists are regulated by the General Dental Council  and the Care Quality Commission. If they do NHS work they are paid for activity. There are contracts which sets down what they will be paid for and how much. They are different in the different part of the United Kingdom.

Before the NHS started in 1948 many people paid to have their teeth taken out because they were afraid of the cost of dentistry. In 2023 there were still many people over the age of 85 with no teeth.

People who qualify for the NHS Low Income Scheme do not have to pay, but they have to find a dentist who does NHS work. Other people have to pay standard charges - £23.80 for an examination, £65.20 for fillings, root canal treatment and removing teeth or £282.80 for more complex procedures, such as crowns, dentures and bridges. (2023 prices)

In 2023 many dentists had stopped taking on NHS patients. Only one in five dental practices in Scotland were taking on new NHS patients. 

Ram Sahaya Yadav

Ram Sahaya Yadav (born 24 July 1970) is a Nepalese politician serving as the Vice president of Nepal since 20 March. He is a former minister for forests and environment of Nepal. He was elected vice president on 17 March 2023.

Cockney

Cockney is an accent or dialect of English, spoken in London, particularly by working-class and lower middle-class Londoners. The term "Cockney" was used to describe a person from the East End, or born within earshot of Bow Bells - The Church of St Mary-le-Bow. Dick Whittington was supposed to have heard the bells calling him back to the city in 1392.

Dick Whittington

Dick Whittington, properly Sir Richard Whittington (1354 – March 1423), was four times Lord Mayor of London, a member of parliament and a Sheriff of London. He had no children and left his fortune (£7,000 equivalent to £6,300,000 in 2021) to form the Charity of Sir Richard Whittington.

His life was well known. He became a character in an English story that was adapted for the stage as a play, "The History of Richard Whittington, of his lowe byrth, his great fortune", in February 1604. This was turned into a pantomime called "Dick Whittington and His Cat." This tells how Dick, a boy from a poor Gloucestershire family, sets out for London to make his fortune, accompanied by, or later acquiring, his cat. At first he meets with little success, and is tempted to return home. However, on his way out of the city, whilst climbing Highgate Hill he hears the Bow Bells of London ringing, and believes they are sending him a message. There is now a large hospital on Highgate Hill, named the Whittington Hospital. A traditional rhyme associated with this tale is:Turn again, Whittington,

Once Lord Mayor of London!

Turn again, Whittington,

Twice Lord Mayor of London!

Turn again, Whittington,

Thrice Lord Mayor of London!

Whittington Hospital

Whittington Hospital is a district general and teaching hospital of UCL Medical School and Middlesex University School of Health and Social Sciences. It is in Upper Holloway, Islington, and is managed by Whittington Health NHS Trust. It is the place where Dick Whittington was supposed to have heard the Bow Bells ringing.

The first hospital there was St Anthony's Chapel and Lazar House, built for lepers in 1473.A Smallpox and Vaccination Hospital, was built there in 1848. In 1900 it was turned into a workhouse infirmary. It was taken over by the London County Council in 1930 and renamed St Mary's Hospital.

Sabita Poudel

Sabita Poudel (Nepali: सबिता पौडेल) is the spouse of Ram Chandra Poudel, President of Nepal who currently serving as First Lady of Nepal.

Geordie

Geordie is a word for a person from Newcastle upon Tyne, and the dialect used by people who live nearby. It is like the language spoken by Anglo-Saxon settlers. It may also mean a supporter of Newcastle United.

Common Geordie words include the nouns "bairn" ("child") and "clarts" ("mud"); the adjectives "canny" ("pleasant") and "clag" ("sticky"); and the imperative verb phrase "howay" ("hurry up!"; "come on!"). 

Hospitals in the United Kingdom

Hospitals in the United Kingdom are mostly now run by the National Health Service, but there are still a number of private hospitals, mostly in or near London. 

Before the NHS started in 1947 there were a very large number of small hospitals. It took over 1143 voluntary hospitals, with about 90,000 beds and 1545 municipal hospitals with about 390,000 beds. The average number of people in hospital beds went down from about 410,00 in 1960 to 341,000 in 1974, though the number of people treated went up. 

Voluntary hospitals started in the the eighteenth century in England. They gave free medical care to poor people. Their doctors were not paid for this. They made their money from private patients, who were mostly treated in their own homes. They were teaching hospitals and run as charities. 

Municipal hospitals were run by local government. They had taken over the workhouses after 1929. They were mostly for people with long term or infectious illnesses, mental illness and mental handicap. Hospitals for people with smallpox or tuberculosis were built in isolated places.

The people who worked in the hospitals under the NHS were paid by the rules of the Whitley councils.

Many of the small hospitals were closed by Nye Bevan in the first years of the NHS. In 1962 Enoch Powell launched the Hospital Plan which had plans for 90 new hospitals, 134 to be rebuilt and about 1000 more small hospitals to be closed. Not all of these were built. The new ones were called District General Hospitals, and they provided most services in the same building. The idea was to make sure there were enough beds in all parts of the country.

Whitley council

A Whitley council, also known as a joint industrial council, is a British organization which fixes wage rates, terms and conditions in a specific industry. They have both employers and trade unions. They were started in 1917.

In 1979 there were eight councils in the National Health Service covering all the NHS staff, except doctors and dentists.

In 2004 a new system was started for the NHS, called Agenda for Change. It has nine numbered pay bands subdivided into points, like the old alphabetic Whitley Council 'grades' pay scales.

Maria Rohm

Maria Rohm (August 13, 1945-June 18, 2018) is an Austrian actress and producer.

Benito Juárez Municipality

Benito Juárez is a municipality in the Mexican state of Quintana Roo.

The Great Beyond

"The Great Beyond" is a 1999 song by alternative rock band R.E.M. and taken from the 1999 movie "Man on the Moon". It went to number 3 in the United Kingdom, number 1 in Scotland and also went to the top 20 in Iceland, Ireland, Italy and Norway. It also went to number 57 in the United States. It was nominated for a Grammy Award in 2000.

All songs were written by Bill Berry, Peter Buck, Mike Mills, and Michael Stipe, except for "The Great Beyond", written by Buck, Mills, and Stipe.




The Defender (2004 movie)

The Defender is a 2004 American British German Romanian action thriller movie directed by first time director Dolph Lundgren (who also stars). Also starring Jerry Springer, Shakara Ledard, Caroline Lee Johnson, Gerald Kyd, Leigh Zimmerman, Iddo Goldberg and Colin Tarrant.


Satellite airfield

Satellite airfields are landing strips not regarded as airfields as such but must be taken as a substitute in one way to a larger nearby airfield. The way this can be done may vary such as the allocation of flight traffics and other functions to the satellite in order to releive pressure on the main airfield. 

Gayus Tambunan

Gayus Halomoan Partahanan Tambunan or commonly called Gayus Tambunan (born May 9, 1979) is a former civil servant at the Directorate General of Taxes, Ministry of Finance of Indonesia. He was known when Komjen (Pol) Susno Duadji said that Gayus kept rupiah gope money in his bank account, plus foreign money worth Rp. 60 billion and jewelery worth Rp. 14 billion in a bank safe on behalf of his wife, all of which were suspected of being illicit assets. In further developments, Gayus had fled to Singapore with his wife and children before being picked up again by the Legal Mafia Task Force in Singapore. The Gayus case tarnished the process of tax reform at the Ministry of Finance of the Republic of Indonesia, which at that time was being intensively rolled out by Sri Mulyani and at the same time destroyed the image of the Indonesian tax apparatus.

Gayus grew up and was born in Warakas, North Jakarta. He is the second of five children, son of Amir Syarifuddin Tambunan. Gaius is married to Milana Anggraeni and has five children. Milana herself is suspected of having received Rp 3.6 billion from Gaius Tambunan's account. It is known that there were five transfers of funds to Milana's account, between 4 December 2009 to 11 January 2010.



Pressure Down

"Pressure Down" is a 1986 song by John Farnham and is the second single from his 12th studio album "Whispering Jack". It went to number 4 in Australia, number 8 in New Zealand, number 11 in Sweden, number 32 in Germany and number 78 in the United Kingdom.

So I Married an Axe Murderer

So I Married an Axe Murderer is a 1993 American romantic black comedy movie directed by Paul Weiland and starring Mike Myers, Amanda Plummer, Nancy Travis, Alec Baldwin, Mike Hagerty, Michael Richards, Brenda Fricker, Phil Hartman, Matt Doherty, Charles Grodin, Alan Arkin. It was distributed by TriStar Pictures.


Sinchi Roca

Sinchi Roca, the second of fourteen Inca rulers of Peru, was the son of the founder of the Kingdom of Cusco. Sinchi Roca's parents arose from the waters of Lake Titicaca. According to legendary belief, During his time as an emperor, Sinchi Roca led his family to live in the valley of Cusco, and shortly afterwards, he built a territorial division of his territory and became an initiator of the first census of the Inca population and then established a law which required all people of the Inca ethnic group living in the Kingdom of Cusco, to pierce their ears as a sign of nobility. Many years later, Sinchi Roca died and was buried near Cusco, and thus ended his reign. Mama Cura was the wife of Sinchi Roca.

A Touch of Paradise

"A Touch of Paradise" is a 1982 song by Australian rock band Mondo Rock for their third studio album "Nuovo Mondo". The better known is the John Farnham version and was released from his 12th studio album "Whispering Jack". It went to number 27 in Australia and number 47 in New Zealand.


Something to Talk About (Bonnie Raitt song)

"Something to Talk About" is a 1991 song by Bonnie Raitt and taken from his 11th studio album "Luck of the Draw". It went to number 3 in Canada, number 5 in the United States, number 33 in New Zealand, number 57 in Australia and Germany and number 59 in the Netherlands. It won a Grammy Award in 1992.

1980–81 Austrian Cup

The 1980-81 Austrian Cup was the national cup in Austrian football. FK Austria Wien were the defending champions. 
First round with teams from the second league.

First round with teams from the first league.


Herbert Rettensteiner – Leopold Lainer, Gerhard Roos, Hannes Winklbauer, Günter Kronsteiner – Franz Bacher, Gerhard Breitenberger, Alfred Lettner (62. Ewald Gröss) – Gerhard Perlak, Hermann Stadler, Hans-Gerd Schildt (52. Jaroslav Pollák)<br>
coach:August Starek
Savo Ekmečić – Mario Mohapp, Erwin Hohenwarter, Erich Marko, Paul Bajlitz (68. Mario Zuenelli) – Josef Stering, Ernst Gössl, Ewald Ratschnig, Johann Pigel, – Harald Gamauf, Leo Weiss (59. Richard Burger)<br>
coach: Václav Halama


Savo Ekmečić – Harald Gamauf, Erwin Hohenwarter, Erich Marko, Paul Bajlitz (91. Ewald Ratschnig) – Josef Stering, Ernst Gössl, Mario Zuenelli, Josef Moder – Johann Pigel (81. Leo Weiss), Alfred Riedl<br>
coach: Václav Halama
Herbert Rettensteiner – Leopold Lainer (91. Ewald Gröss), Hannes Winklbauer, Gerhard Roos, Franz Bacher, Hans-Gerd Schildt, Gerhard Breitenberger, Franz Xaver Meusburger (46. Klaus Schulze), Hermann Stadler,Gerhard Perlak<br>
coach:August Starek

Working on It

"Working on It" is a 1989 song by English singer Chris Rea and taken from his compilation album "New Light Through Old Windows". It went to number 53 in the United Kingdom and number 73 in the United States. It was used in the 1994 movie "Camp Nowhere".









Quicksand (David Bowie song)

"Quicksand" is a 1971 song by David Bowie and is the sixth track from his fourth studio album "Hunky Dory". The song is influenced by Buddhism, Occult and criminals.

Bathyphysa conifera

Bathyphysa conifera, is a species of siphonophore. They live about 1000 to 4000 meters below the ocean. This depth is called the bathypelagic zone.

"Bathyphysa conifera" was nicknamed the "Flying Spaghetti Monster" by the oil workers who first saw it. Its cluster of reproductive structures called gonophores look a bit like cones. 

"Bathyphysa conifera" is found in the Atlantic Ocean: off the coast of Gabon and as far south as Angola. It is also in Monterey Bay in the Pacific Ocean.

These colonial organisms are all composites: they are groups of organisms, not single organisms. This is usual for the jellyfish called siphonophores. 
It is a group of polyps with no propulsion. Without propulsion, "B. conifera" moves by contracting and relaxing the body stem. The tentacles have stinging cells called nematocysts.

The entire animal, including tentacles, is several meters long. The feeding polyps are pink when young, before developing tentacles. A mature feeding polyp is yellow with a single tentacle.

Colonies are unisexual, and reproduce by asexual reproduction. 

Like many siphonophores, it is carnivorous. The typical siphonophore diet consists of a variety of copepods, small crustaceans, and small fish. "B. conifera" has been seen eating a lanternfish.

A species of manefish in the genus "Caristius" associates mutualistically with "B. conifera", using it for shelter, stealing meals, and perhaps nibbling on its host as well. The fish protects it from amphipod parasites like "Themisto".

Tolulope Arotile

Tolulope Arotile (December 13, 1995 - July 14, 2020), also known as Tolulope Oluwatoyin Sarah Arotile, was Nigeria's first female combat helicopter pilot in the Nigerian Air Force.
She was credited with fighting against insecurity in the northern states of Nigeria.
On 29 July 2020, Isaiah Ogedegbe praised Arotile in his tribute, describing her as "a young, brilliant, and brave lady with a promising future".
Tolulope Arotile was born in Kaduna, Nigeria on 13 December 1995 to the family of Mr and Mrs Akintunde Arotile, but she came from the Iffe area in Ijumu Local Government Area of Kogi State, Nigeria.

She attended Air Force Primary School, Kaduna from 2000 to 2005 and Air Force Secondary School, Kaduna from 2006 to 2011 before she later gained admission into the Nigerian Defence Academy, Kaduna as a member of 64 Regular Course on 22 September 2012, where she got Bachelor of Science degree in Mathematics.
Arotile had said she joined the military because of her love for the military. She had also said to be a military officer was her long time dream.

She was commissioned into the Nigerian Airforce on 16 September 2017 as a member of the Nigerian Defence Academy Regular Course 64.

She held a commercial pilot license and also underwent tactical flying training with the Agusta 109 Power Attack Helicopter in Italy.

In October 2019, the Nigerian Air Force had decorated her as the first female pilot that the service would get in 55 years.

On 14 July 2020, less than eight months since her decoration, Tolulope Arotile died at the age of 24 in Kaduna, Nigeria. The Nigeria President, the NAF, and the Nigerian masses were deeply touched by the news of her premature death resulting from a head injury she sustained in a car accident.

She was buried on 23 July 2020. She was remembered as a good woman who could have impacted the lives of many young Nigerian girls and women in the future.

Photophone

The photophone is a telecommunications device that allows transmission of speech on a beam of light. It was invented by Alexander Graham Bell along with his assistant on February 19, 1880. Bell believed that the photophone was his most important invention.

List of federal subjects of Russia by population

This is a list of 83 of the 89 federal subjects of Russia in order of population according to the 2010 and 2021 Russian Census.

a. excluding Nenets Autonomous Okrug.
 Data excludes Khanty–Mansi and Yamalo-Nenets Autonomous Okrugs.

The population of the federal subjects and federal districts of Russia over time:

Friday Night Baseball

Friday Night Baseball is a weekly baseball broadcast on Apple TV+, produced by Apple Inc. and the MLB Network.

Precision-guided munition

A smart bomb or smart ammunition is a kind of weapon that is able to hit a target more precisely. It will therefore do more damage to the intended target, and ideally, there will be less collateral damage. Officially, these bombs are called Precision-guided munition, or PGM. 

Such ammunition or bombs have the ability to influence their course, after they have been launched. 

Usually, such weapons have sensors, for example for:


During the First Gulf War guided munitions were only 9% of weapons fired, but they accounted for 75% of all successful hits. Despite guided weapons generally being used on more difficult targets, they were still 35 times more likely to destroy their targets per weapon dropped.

Platymantis cagayanensis

The Platymantis cagayanensis is a frog. It lives in the Philippines. People have seen it as high as 200 meters above sea level.

The adult male frog is about 26.4-30.8 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is about 34.7-37.4 long. The frog is brown in color with dark spots, dark bars behind the eyes, and dark bars on the back legs.

Altai Republic

The Altai Republic (; Altai: , "Altay Respublika"; , , ), also known as Gorno-Altai Republic, is a republic of Russia. It is in southern Siberia and is a part of the Siberian Federal District. It has an area of . It has a population of 210,924 people. It is the least-populous republic of Russia and least-populous federal subject in the Siberian Federal District. Gorno-Altaysk is the capital and the largest town of the republic.

The Altai Republic is one of Russia's ethnic republics. It mainly represents the indigenous Altai people. The Altai are a Turkic ethnic group that make up 37% of the republic's population, while ethnic Russians form a majority at 54%, and with minority populations of Kazakhs, other Central Asian ethnicities, and Germans. The official languages of the Altai Republic are Russian and Altai. Kazakh is official in areas where it is spoken more.

The Xiongnu Empire (209 BC – AD 93) owned the territory of the modern Altai Republic. The area was part of the First Turkic Khaganate, the Uyghur Empire, and the Yeniseian Kyrgyzs. This time was the time when Turkic cultures and languages became most common.

The southern part of the Altai Republic came under the Naiman Khanate. The territory of the modern Altai Republic has been ruled by the Mongolic Xianbei state (93–234), Rouran Khaganate (330–555), Mongol Empire (1206–1368), Golden Horde (1240–1502), Zunghar Khanate (1634–1758) and Qing Empire (1757–1864).

The entire Altan Nuur Uriankhai region was annexed into the Russian Empire in 1864–1867 by the Treaty of Tarbagatai. During the Russian Civil War, the Confederated Republic of Altai (Karakorum-Altai Region) was created in 1918. It claimed to be the first step to rebuilding Genghis Khan's Mongol Empire. But it never became a competing force in the Russian Civil War. It stayed neutral from 1918 until January 1920, when it was taken back by Russia. A second Altai Republic was formed in 1921 and lasted until 1922 when they were annexed by the Bolsheviks.

On June 1, 1922, the Oyrot Autonomous Oblast () was created in Altai Krai. This gave the Altai people more autonomy again. The original name for this region was Bazla. On January 7, 1948, it was renamed Gorno-Altai Autonomous Oblast (). In 1991 it was turned into the Gorno-Altai Autonomous Soviet Socialist Republic (ASSR). In 1992 it was renamed to the Altai Republic.

The Altai Republic is in the Altai Mountains. It is at the junction of the Siberian taiga, the Kazakh steppes, and the Mongolian semi-deserts. Forests cover about 25% of the republic. The highest point in the Altai Republic is Belukha Mountain, which stands at 4,506 m (14,783 ft) tall.

The Altai Republic borders Kemerovo Oblast to the north, Khakassia to the northeast, Tuva to the east, Altai Krai to the west/northwest, Mongolia (Bayan-Ölgii Province) to the southeast, China (Altay Prefecture, Xinjiang) to the south, and Kazakhstan (East Kazakhstan Region) to the south/southwest.

The republic has a temperate continental climate. It has short and mild summers (June–August) and long, cold, and often quite frosty winters (November–March).

In general, the republic's climate of the southeastern areas, such as the (Ulagansky and Kosh-Agachsky Districts), is harsher than the climate of the less elevated northern areas.


The Altai Republic is administratively divided into ten districts and Gorno-Altaysk Urban Okrug. The districts are further divided into ninety-two rural settlements.

Population:

According to the 2021 Census, ethnic Russians make up 53.7% of the republic's population. The indigenous Altai people make up 37.0%. Other groups include Kazakhs (6.4%), and several smaller groups.



Naré Maghann Konaté

Naré Maghann Konaté (died "c." 1218) was a 12th-century faama (king) of the Mandinka people, in what is today called Mali. He was the father of Sundiata Keita, who founded the Mali Empire, and a character in the oral tradition of the Epic of Sundiata.

In the Epic of Sundiata, Naré Maghann Konaté (also called Maghan Kon Fatta or Maghan the Handsome) was a Mandinka king who one day received a God-related hunter at his court. The hunter predicted that if Konaté married an ugly woman, she would give him a son who would one day be a mighty king. Naré Maghann Konaté was already married to Sassouma Berté and had a son by her, Dankaran Touman Keïta. However, when two Traoré hunters from the Do kingdom presented him an ugly, hunchbacked woman named Sogolon, he remembered the prediction and married her. She soon gave birth to a son, Sundiata, who was unable to walk throughout most of his childhood until 7 years old.

Circle dance

Circle dance, or chain dance, is a style of social dance done in a circle or a wavy line to background music, which has a beat and singing (sometimes just a beat without singing). It is a type of dance where anyone can join in without the need for a partner. 

Unlike line dancing, circle dancers connect with each other made by hand-to-hand, finger-to-finger or hands-on-shoulders, where they follow the leader around the dance floor. From gentle to energetic, the dance can be a fun group experience or part of a meditation.

Being probably the oldest known dance style, circle dancing is an old practice common to many cultures for celebrating special occasions, religious ceremonies, and for encouraging togetherness. Circle dances are performed to many different styles of music and rhythms. Modern circle dance mixes traditional folk dances, mainly from European or Near Eastern origins, with recently created ones to a variety of music both ancient and modern.

Modern circle dancing is found in many cultures, including Iraqi, Jordanian, Lebanese, Palestinian, Israeli, Assyrian, Kurdish, Turkish, Azerbaijani, Maltese, and Balkan.

Even though it is notable in the the Middle East and southeast Europe, circle dancing also has a historical importance in Brittany, Catalonia and Ireland to the west of Europe, and also in South America (Peruvian), Tibet, and with Native Americans. It is also used, in its more meditating form, in worship within various religious traditions including the Church of England and the Islamic Haḍra Dhikr (or Zikr) dances.

Some famous circle dances include Hora (Balkan), Kolo (Slavic), Sardana (Italy), Syrtos (Greece), An Dro (Breton), Dabke (Levant), Khigga (Assyrian), Kochari (Caucasus, Balkan and Anatolia), Tamzara (Caucasus, Anatolia and Greece).

Agustín Magaldi

Agustín Magaldi Coviello (December 1, 1898 – September 8, 1938) was an Argentinian tango and milonga singer-songwriter. His nickname was "La voz sentimental de Buenos Aires" ("The sentimental voice of Buenos Aires").
Magaldi took part in the opening broadcasts of Argentina's LOY Radio Nacional in July 1924.

Magaldi suffered from liver disease and was admitted to Sanatorium Otamendi early in September 1938. An operation by Dr. Pedro Valdez was successful, but Magaldi died 48 hours later. He was buried in La Chacarita Cemetery in Buenos Aires.

In the Andrew Lloyd Webber's and Tim Rice's musical "Evita", Magaldi is shown as bringing Eva Duarte to Buenos Aires and so is therefore referred to as "the first man to be of use to Eva Duarte".

There is some disagreement, however, about the role Magaldi played in Eva's real life, or that they knew each other. For example, in the biography "Evita: The Real Life of Eva Perón", biographers Marysa Navarro and Nicholas Fraser write that there are no records of Magaldi performing in Eva's hometown of Junín in the year that Eva is said to have met Magaldi.

A major historical error is that the musical shows Magaldi performing at a charity concert given in aid of the victims of an earthquake in San Juan, Argentina. The concert, where Eva Duarte and Juan Perón met for the first time, happened on January 22, 1944, when Magaldi had been dead for over five years.


Murder of David Gunn

Dr. David Gunn was a medical doctor, specialized in gynecology and obstetrics. On March 10, 1993, Michael Frederick Griffin shot and killed Dr. Gunn, in Pensacola, Florida. It was the first documented killing of an obstetrics and gynaecology doctor where the killer said he wanted to prevent a doctor from performing abortions in an act of anti-abortion violence in the United States.

A jury deliberated three hours before finding Griffin guilty on March 4, 1994. He was sentenced to 25 years to life in prison, which he is serving at Okaloosa Correctional Institution in Crestview, Florida. In November 2017, the Florida Commission on Offender Review set Griffin's tentative release date for March 4, 2043. Griffin can have his reliese date reviewed in 2024, and additional reviews after no more than 7 years.

On March 10, 1993, anti-abortion protesters had been demonstrating in front of Gunn's Pensacola Women's Medical Services clinic. Griffin waited outside, then ambushed Gunn by shooting him three times in the back with a shotgun, shouting "Don't kill any more babies" before opening fire. Griffin did not deny his actions after shooting Gunn and told police "We need an ambulance."

Griffin claimed to be acting on behalf of God. During his trial, Griffin's lead defense attorney, Robert Kerrigan, argued that anti-abortion activist John Burt had brainwashed Griffin and drove him to commit murder. At the time, Burt was the Northwest Florida regional director of the national pro-life group Rescue America. Burt was also a former member of the Ku Klux Klan and self-professed "spiritual adviser" to a group of activists who bombed three abortion clinics in 1984. A jury deliberated three hours before finding Griffin guilty on March 4, 1994.

The murder was one of reasons why in 1994 of the federal Freedom of Access to Clinic Entrances Act was passed. From March 1993 through May 2009, Gunn was the first of a total of four doctors murdered by anti-abortion extremists. Others killed were doctors Barnett Slepian, John Britton and George Tiller. Gunn's murder helped lead to the passage of the Freedom of Access to Clinic Entrances Act. Gunn's murder also prompted Paul Jennings Hill to issue the Defensive Action Statement, signed by 30 anti-abortion leaders, which stated their belief that the killing of doctors who perform abortions was justified. Hill went on to murder physician John Britton and Britton's bodyguard in 1994.

Climate of Luxembourg

Luxembourg is a small country located in Western Europe. 
It is bordered by Germany, France and Belgium. 

Luxembourg has a continental climate.
Summers are warm, and winters are cold. 

The highest temperature ever recorded in Luxembourg was on 25 July 2019 in Steinsel.

The lowest temperature ever recorded in Luxembourg was on 2 February 1956 in Wiltz.

F40PH

The F40PH is a Passenger locomotive originally made for Amtrak in 1974.

Wet nurse

A wet nurse is a woman who breastfeeds and cares for someone elses child. In ancient times this was very common, partly because many women died in childbirth. Many babies died so women were available to do this. Wealthy people would pay women to do this.

Since infant formula was invented this has become much less common.

Verklärte Nacht

Verklärte Nacht (Transfigured Night), Op. 4, is a string sextet in one movement composed by Arnold Schoenberg in 1899. Composed in just three weeks, it is considered his earliest important work. It was inspired by Richard Dehmel's poem of the same name, combined with the influence of Schoenberg's strong feelings upon meeting the sister of his teacher, Alexander von Zemlinsky (1877–1923), whom he married in 1901. The movement can be divided into five distinct sections which refer to the five stanzas of Dehmel's poem;

History of nursing

Nursing in ancient times seems to have developed from wet nursing. Nursing was a job for women, and it still is dominated by women in the 21st century. More than 85% of American nurses are women. Nursing was seen as part of Christianity. Medieval hospitals in Europe were religious communities, with care provided by monks and nuns. 

The Crimean War was important in nursing history. The English nurse Florence Nightingale started professional nursing with the her book "Notes on Nursing". She understood how important hygiene was. Money was collected to support her - £44,039 (worth more than £2 million today). She used it to start the first nurses training school at St Thomas' Hospital. The first nurses trained there used to be called 'Nightingales'. 

Nurses were often expected to live in nurses homes. If they married they lost their job. 

Nurses in psychiatric hospitals were mostly men, because the hospitals had mostly developed from prisons. 

Children's hospital

A children's hospital is a type of hospital. It is generally for people under the age of 18. Some children's hospitals also do maternity and childbirth. 

Before the 19th century there were no children's hospitals as we now know them. Sick children were looked after by their mothers. There were orphanages, and foundling hospitals for children with no mothers. The Foundling Hospital, set up in London in 1739, is one of the most well known. Dispensaries, funded by donations were opened to provide medicine and medical attention to families who could not afford private care. 

Children's hospitals were started in the 19th century. They were mostly quite small. They did not usually care for babies. They were mostly funded by donations. In the 20th century doctors and nurses began to specialize in the care of children. The death rate of children improved. The Hôpital des Enfants Malades was the first in Europe, started in 1801.
Great Ormond Street Hospital was the first in Britain, started in 1852. 

Until the 1970s most children's hospitals restricted adult visitors.

Necker–Enfants Malades Hospital

The Necker–Enfants Malades Hospital is a teaching hospital in Paris. The Necker Hospital started in 1778 and in 1920 it joined with the Sick Children's Hospital ("Hôpital des Enfants Malades"), the oldest children's hospital in the Western world, founded in 1801. which was next to it. At first it was run by the Catholic Sisters of Charity. 

The French physician René Laennec invented the stethoscope in 1816 while he was working there. 

Philip Carteret (colonial governor)

Philip Carteret (born 1733, Trinity Manor, Jersey, Europe) was a commander in the Royal Navy. on the ship, the Salisbury, In 1747, he joined the colonial government of New Jersey. He stayed in the government until 1794. In December 1796, he died at age 63 after many years in service.

Carteret's mother was named Elizabeth. In 1733, in Jersey, Europe, Elizabeth Carteret gave birth to a little boy, and named him Philip. 

Philip went to All Saints Church, Southampton, and when he was 14, he joined the Royal Navy. He worked on the ship the HMS "Salisbury", later commanding on the Salisbury.

