Mount Cook

Mount Cook also known in the local Maori language as Aoraki or Aorangi is the highest mountain in New Zealand with a height of .

It is part of the Southern Alps Mountain Range and is flanked by the Hooker Glacier to the southwest and the Tasman Glacier to the east. The mountain has three peaks: The south peak being the lowest at 3,593m/11,788 ft., The middle peak at 3,717m/12,195 ft. and the North peak being the highest at 3,724m/12,218 ft. This is the height of the north peak after the landslide of December 1991 which took 30 meters off the top and also turned the summit into a knife-edge ridge. 

The mountain was named by Captain John Lort Stokes in honour of Captain James Cook who travelled around the islands of New Zealand in 1770 however the first Europeans to see Mount Cook were probably members of Abel Tasman's crew. 

It was first climbed by Tom Fyre, George Graham and Jack Clarke. Mount Cook is a favourite destination for climbers and was used by Sir Edmund Hillary as training for his historic climb of Mount Everest.

London Bridge (Fergie song)

"London Bridge" is the debut single recorded by American singer and rapper Fergie. It was on her debut studio album, "The Dutchess" (2006). It was written by Fergie, Mike Hartnett, Sean Garrett, and producer Polow da Don.




Arrondissement of Valence

The arrondissement of Valence is an arrondissement of France. It is part of the Drôme "département" in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region. Its capital is the city of Valence.

When the Drôme department was created on 17 February 1800, the "arrondissement" of Valence was part of that original department.

The "arrondissement" of Valence is the most northern of the "arrondissements" of the department; it is the smallest "arrondissement" of the department, with an area of , but the one with more people living in it, with 314,233 inhabitants and a population density of inhabitants/km².

The "arrondissement" of Valence is bordered to the north and east by the Isère department, to the south by the "arrondissement" of Die and to the west by the Ardèche department.

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

There are 12 cantons in the "arrondissement" of Valence: they are:


The "arrondissement" of Valence has 105 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes):
The "communes" with more inhabitants in the "arrondissement" are:


2018 FIFA World Cup qualification – UEFA Group D

The 2018 FIFA World Cup qualification UEFA Group D was one of the nine UEFA groups for 2018 FIFA World Cup qualification. The group was made up of six teams: Austria, Georgia, Republic of Ireland, Moldova, Serbia, and Wales. Serbia won the group and qualified for the world cup, while the Republic of Ireland finished 2nd and moved on to the second round.








2018 FIFA World Cup qualification – UEFA Group E

The 2018 FIFA World Cup qualification UEFA Group E is one of the nine UEFA groups for 2018 FIFA World Cup qualification. The group is made up of six teams: Armenia, Denmark, Kazakhstan, Montenegro, Poland and Romania. Poland won the group and qualified for the world cup, while Denmark finished 2nd and moved on to the second round.










2018 FIFA World Cup qualification – UEFA Group I

The 2018 FIFA World Cup qualification UEFA Group C was one of the nine UEFA groups for 2018 FIFA World Cup qualification. The group was made up of six teams: Croatia, Finland, Iceland, Kosovo, Turkey, and Ukraine. Iceland won the group and qualified for the world cup, while Croatia finished 2nd and moved on to the second round.









David Consunji

David M. Consunji (October 18, 1921 – September 4, 2017) was a Filipino businessman and politician. He was the chairman of a publicly listed holding firm, DMCI Holdings, Incorporated. He was a former secretary of the Department of Public Works, Transportation and Communications from 1970 to 1975, during the Marcos administration.

In 2014, Forbes listed him as the 6th richest Filipino, with a net worth of US$3.9 billion.

Consuji's death was announced on September 4, 2017. His cause of death was not given.

Sultan Ahmed

Sultan Ahmed (Bengali: সুলতান আহমেদ) (6 June 1953 – 4 September 2017) was an Indian politician. He was born in Kolkata, India. He served as the Union Minister of State for Tourism in the Council of Ministers of the Republic of India. He was elected to the 15th Lok Sabha from Uluberia (Lok Sabha constituency) on a Trinamool Congress ticket. He had previously been a 2-time Congress MLA for Entally ( in1987–91 and once again in 1996–2001).

Ahmed died at a hospital in Kolkata after suffering from cardiac arrest on 4 September 2017 at the age of 64.

Mountaga Diallo

Mountaga Diallo (1942 – 4 September 2017) was a Senegalese diplomat and former army general. He was the Ambassador of Senegal to Russia from presenting his credentials to Russian President Vladimir Putin on 17 February 2005 until his death in 2017. He previously served as the Force Commander of MONUC from 2000 to 2004. He was born in Kolda, Senegal.

Diallo died on 4 September 2017 in Dakar, Senegal of a heart attack at the age of 74 or 75.

Rosey Grier

Roosevelt "Rosey" Grier (born July 14, 1932) is an American actor, singer, Protestant minister, conservative politician and former professional American football player. 

Grier was born in Cuthbert, Georgia. He was named after President Franklin D. Roosevelt. Grier was raised in Roselle, New Jersey. He studied at Pennsylvania State University.

Grier was a notable college football player for Pennsylvania State University who earned a place in the National Collegiate Athletic Association 100th anniversary list of 100 most influential student athletes. As a professional player, Grier was a member of the New York Giants and the original Fearsome Foursome of the Los Angeles Rams. He played in the Pro Bowl twice.

After Grier's professional sports career, he worked as a bodyguard for Robert Kennedy during the 1968 presidential campaign and was guarding the senator's wife, Ethel Kennedy, during the Robert F. Kennedy assassination. Although unable to prevent that killing, Grier took control of the gun and subdued the shooter, Sirhan Sirhan.

Grier appeared in movies and television shows such as "Desperate Mission" (1969), "Carter's Army" (1970), "Skyjacked" (1972), "The Thing with Two Heads" (1972), "The Treasure of Jamaica Reef" (1975), "The Glove" (1979), "" (1979) and "The Seekers" (1979).

As a singer, Grier first released singles on the A label in 1960, and over the following twenty-five years he continued to record on various labels including Liberty, Ric, MGM, and A&M.

Grier was also a featured speaker at the 1984 Republican National Convention; during its evening session on August 20, 1984, he endorsed President Ronald Reagan for re-election.

On January 5, 2017, Grier announced his intention to run for Governor of California as a Republican in the 2018 gubernatorial election. He ended his candidacy in July 2017.

Grier was married to Bernice Lewis until they divorced. Then he married Margie Grier in 1972. They divorced in 1978, but remarried in 1980. Margie Grier died in 2001. In 2013, he married teacher Cydnee Seyler. Grier has three children (one daughter from an early relationship, one adopted daughter from Bernice and one son with Margie).

Grier released his autobiography 'Rosey: The Gentle Giant' in 1986.


United States presidential elections in New Mexico

Below is a table of all United States presidential elections in New Mexico since it became a state in 1912.

New Mexico voted for the winning Presidential candidate from 1912 until 1976. This gave the state a bellwether reputation.


2017 German federal election

The 2017 German federal election was held in Germany on 24 September 2017. The Christian Democratic Union won 33% of the vote, but both them and the Social Democratic Party lost many seats. The Alternative for Germany and Free Democratic Party both entered parliament and made great gains.

These parties have received at least 4% of the national vote in the last German federal election, and are predicted to win seats in this next election.


These parties received at least 1% of the national vote in the last German federal election.


Below is the monthly average of opinion polls towards the election.

Folder

Folder may mean:

Willy Borsus

Willy Borsus (born 4 April 1962 in Ciney) is a Belgian politician of the Mouvement réformateur. He is the current Minister-President of Wallonia.

Borsus was both a councillor and mayor of the Somme-Leuze municipality, a councillor of the Namur Province, a member of the Parliament of Wallonia and the Parliament of the French Community, and also a government minister in the Michel Government.

He has been Minister-President of the Walloon Government since July 28, 2017, succeeding Paul Magnette.



Ancient slaughterhouses of Casablanca

The ancient slaughterhouses of Casablanca were constructed under the French protectorate in Morocco in 1912 in the neighbourhood of Hay Mohammadi in Casablanca.

The ancient slaughterhouses of Casablanca were constructed by architect George-Ernest Desmarest in 1912 and modernist in 1922 by Henri Prost.

They were expanded in 1951, then closed in 2002, substituted by new slaughterhouses in the periphery of Casablanca, they were inscribed in 2003 on The List of Historical Monuments and inscribed buildings.

2018 FIFA World Cup qualification – UEFA Group F

The 2018 FIFA World Cup qualification UEFA Group F was one of the nine UEFA groups for 2018 FIFA World Cup qualification. The group was made up of six teams: England, Slovakia, Scotland, Slovenia, Lithuania, and Malta. England won the group and qualified for the world cup.








Pampa, Texas

Pampa is a city of Texas in the United States. 16,867 people lived there in the 2020 census. It is the county seat of Gray County.

Hurricane Irma

Hurricane Irma was a Category 5 hurricane in 2017, the 9th named storm, 4th hurricane, 2nd major hurricane, and a 1st Category 5 hurricane of the hyperactive 2017 Atlantic hurricane season. Irma is also the 4th consecutive hurricane of the 2017 Atlantic hurricane season—after Franklin, Gert, and Harvey. The storm threatened the Leeward Islands, Virgin Islands and Puerto Rico. Irma was also forecast to threaten the East Coast of the United States, but later forecast to hit Southwest Florida.
Irma was the first major hurricane to develop in the eastern Atlantic since Hurricane Julia in 2010. The storm developed on August 30, 2017 near the Cape Verde islands. On September 5, 2017, the storm became a Category 5 hurricane. It had maximum sustained winds of 180 miles per hour since Hurricane Wilma in twelve years earlier. As it hit landfall, Irma went down to a Category 2 hurricane. Irma was the easternmost Category 5 hurricane on record in the Atlantic Ocean. 

Hurricane or tropical storm watches and warnings were issued from Haiti to Dominica.

Hurricane Irma inflicted $77 billion worth of damage especially in Florida after making landfall in Florida.

Due to significant amount of damage and loss of life from the storm especially in Florida, the name "Irma" was retired in April 2018 by the World Meteorological Organization, and it was replaced with "Idalia" for the 2023 Atlantic hurricane season.

Ilanz

Ilanz () is a town and former municipality of the district of Surselva in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2014, the former municipalities of Ilanz, Castrisch, Ladir, Luven, Pitasch, Riein, Ruschein, Schnaus, Sevgein, Duvin, Pigniu, Rueun and Siat merged into the new municipality of Ilanz/Glion.


Heidwiller

Heidwiller is a commune in the Haut-Rhin department of east France.

Findlay, Ohio

Findlay is a city in Ohio in the United States. It is the county seat of Hancock County. It is 64 km south of Toledo. In 2020, 40,313 people lived there.

Hancock County, Ohio

Hancock County is a county in Ohio in the United States. In 2020, 74,920 people lived there. The county seat is Findlay.

Rogéria

Rogéria (Astolfo Barroso Pinto; 25 June 1943 – 4 September 2017) was a Brazilian actress and drag queen. She was born in Cantagalo, Brazil. She was known for her performances as a drag queen on "TV Rio". She was known for her movie roles in "A Maldição do Sanpaku", "Ambitious Women", and in "Mulheres no Poder".

Rogéria died in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil from sepsis caused by urinary tract infection on 4 September 2017 at the age of 74.


Bus terminus

A bus terminus is a place where a bus or coach starts or ends its scheduled route. The terminus is the place that a timetable is timed from. Terminuses can be located at bus stations, interchanges, bus garages or bus stops, and also at train stations or airports. Terminuses can start and end at the same place, or may be in different locations for starting and finishing a route.


Victor Krasin

Victor Aleksandrovich Krasin (also spelled Viktor Krasin, , 4 August 1929 – 3 September 2017) was a Russian human rights activist, economist, a former Soviet dissident and a political prisoner. At the time of his death Krasin was a US citizen. He was the founder of Initiative Group for the Defense of Human Rights in the USSR. He was born in Kiev, Ukraine.

Krasin died in Nahariya, Israel on 3 September 2017 at the age of 88.

Mary MacKillop

Mary MacKillop (born 15 January 1842, Fitzroy, Victoria, Australia, died 18 August 1909, Sydney, Australia) was the first saint and nun in Australian history. She was a member of the Religious Sisters of Joseph. She is properly known in the Catholic Church as "Saint Mary of the Cross Mary MacKillop". Her mother, Flora Mackillop, had eight children, the eldest was Mary. To this day, she is the first Australian Saint..

Hybrid drive

A hybrid drive, also known as a hybrid hard drive (HHD) or solid-state hybrid drive (SSHD), is a type of large-capacity computer storage device that combines features of both hard disk drives (HDDs) and solid-state drives (SSDs).

The hybrid drive integrates these two technologies with the aim to offer a balance between speed, capacity, and cost. It uses the SSD component to store frequently accessed data and the operating system, providing faster boot times and quicker data access for those files. The HDD component, meanwhile, is used for storing less frequently accessed data.

By intelligently managing data between the SSD and HDD portions, a hybrid drive can offer much of the speed of an SSD while retaining the large storage capacity and cost-effectiveness of an HDD. However, it's important to note that the performance of a hybrid drive would still be less than that of a pure SSD.

SSD portion: This is typically a smaller portion of the drive and is used to store frequently accessed data (like operating system files and most-used applications), leveraging the high-speed nature of SSD technology.

HDD portion: This larger portion of the drive is used for general data storage, taking advantage of the high capacity and lower cost per gigabyte of traditional hard drives.

K. W. T. Nissanka

K. W. T. Nissanka (October 21, 1971 - November 1993 in Pooneryn) was a Sri Lankan army officer.

Nissanka was a platoon commander and had the rank of second lieutenant. He served in the Sri Lankan Army from 1990 till his death in 1993. He was killed in action during the Sri Lankan Civil War.

After his death, he was given the Parama Weera Vibhushanaya, the highest award of the Sri Lankan Army.


Emirate of Fujairah

Fujairah is an emirate on the east coast of the United Arab Emirates. The emirate lies along the Gulf of Oman.

Fujairah is known for its beaches and the Hajar Mountains, which run through much of the emirate. In the south, the city of Fujairah is home to the massive Sheikh Zayed Mosque, known for its towering white minarets. Overlooking the city is the Fujairah Fort, a reconstructed 17th-century fortress featuring round and square towers.

Monika Samtani

Monika Samtani is an American broadcast journalist. She is best known for directing a documentary movie "Suma's Story: It's Her Turn" (2015).

Samtani attended George Washington University and obtained a Bachelor of Arts in Radio and Television Communications. She was a fill-in disc jockey on Essex Radio/Breeze AM in 1989. She joined as a morning traffic anchor on WUSA9 in 1997. She appeared in the film "An American Affair (2008)". 

Samtani founded LAUNCH Network from 2011 to 2013, a networking organization for women entrepreneurs. In 2014, she started her company "Ms. Media", with a focus on helping businesses and non-profits market themselves, including Sahara Deepika Foundation for Education In 2016, Samtani became a TEDx talker.



Beibeilong

Beibeilong is an extinct genus of oviraptor-like dinosaur. The genus contains a single species B. sinensis, named in 2017 by Pu and colleagues based on a nest with an embryo (nicknamed "Baby Louie") and eggs. It was similar to "Gigantoraptor", and may have been of similar size as an adult. 

Allosauroidae

Allosauroids were a clade of theropod dinosaurs. The oldest-known allosauroid, "Shidaisaurus", appeared in the early Middle Jurassic (probably Bajocian stage) of China. The last known surviving members of the group died out around 93 million years ago in Asia ("Shaochilong") and South America ("Mapusaurus"), though the megaraptorans, including the late-surviving "Orkoraptor". Allosauroids had long, narrow skulls, large orbits, three-fingered hands, and usually had "horns" on their heads. The most famous and best understood allosauroid is the "Allosaurus". 

Roxas Boulevard

Roxas Boulevard is one of the distinguished roads in Manila, the capital of the Philippines. It is a boulevard, or a wide road, that runs along the shores of Manila Bay. It is famous for its sunsets and stretch (or line) of coconut trees. It is now a trademark of tourism. It is also famous for its yacht club, hotels, restaurants, commercial buildings, and parks.

The old name of the road is "Cavite Boulevard". It was then changed to "Dewey Boulevard" after the American Admiral George Dewey. Dewey's men defeated the Spanish navy in the Battle of Manila Bay in 1898. 

The name was changed to "Heiwa Boulevard" in 1941 during the Japanese occupation of the Philippines. It was changed again to "Roxas Boulevard" in the 1960s after Manuel Roxas, the former president of the Philippines.


Europelta

Europelta is an extinct genus of nodosaurid dinosaur known from the Early Cretaceous (early Albian stage) of northeastern Spain. It contains a single species, Europelta carbonensis. It is the most complete ankylosaur known from Europe.

Tom Horn

Thomas Horn, Jr. (November 21, 1860 – November 20, 1903) was an American Old West scout, who carried out various lines of work, including hired gunman, detective, cowboy, and soldier. He is believed to have committed 17 killings throughout the West as a hired gunman. In 1902 Horn was convicted of the murder of 14-year-old Willie Nickell near Iron Mountain, Wyoming, for which crime he was hanged.

Kiyoshi Ogawa

Kiyoshi Ogawa ( "Ogawa Kiyoshi", October 23, 1922 – May 11, 1945) was a Japanese naval aviator ensign () of the Imperial Japanese Navy during World War II. As a kamikaze pilot, Ensign Ogawa's final action took place on May 11, 1945, during the Battle of Okinawa.

None

USS Bunker Hill (CV-17)

USS "Bunker Hill" (CV/CVA/CVS-17, AVT-9) was one of 24 Essex Aircraft Carriers built during World War II for the United States Navy. The ship was named for the Battle of Bunker Hill in the American Revolutionary War and was commissioned in May 1943.

While covering the invasion of Okinawa, "Bunker Hill" was struck by two kamikazes in quick succession, setting the vessel on fire. Casualties exceeded 600, including 346 confirmed dead and an additional 43 missing,

Sinosaurus

Sinosaurus (meaning "Chinese lizard") was a tetanuran theropod dinosaur which lived during the Early Jurassic Period. Its fossils were found in China. It was a bipedal carnivore. It was approximately 5.6 meters long.

Sino-Vietnamese War

The Sino-Vietnamese War was a war fought between China and Vietnam from February 17, 1979 to March 16, 1979. It is also known as the Third Indochina War, was a brief border war fought between the People's Republic of China and the Socialist Republic of Vietnam in early 1979. 

Invisible Touch

Invisible Touch is the thirteenth studio album by Genesis. It was released on 6 June 1986 through Atlantic Records.

All music written and arranged by Tony Banks, Phil Collins and Mike Rutherford. Lyricists specified below. 

John P. White

John Patrick White (February 27, 1937 – September 3, 2017) was an American politician and military personnel. He was born in Syracuse, New York. He served as United States Deputy Secretary of Defense from June 22, 1995 through July 15, 1997. He was a First Lieutenant at the United States Marine Corps.

White died at a retirement center in Great Falls, Virginia from complications of Parkinson's disease on September 3, 2017 at the age of 80.


Holger Czukay

Holger Czukay (, Holger Schüring; 24 March 1938 – 5 September 2017) was a German musician. He was born in the Free City of Danzig . He was probably best known as a co-founder of the krautrock group Can. Czukay was also known for having created early important examples of ambient music, for having explored "world music" well before the term was coined, and for having been a pioneer of sampling.

Czukay was found dead at his apartment in Weilerswist, Germany on 5 September 2017 at the age of 79.


Gauri Lankesh

Gauri Lankesh ( "Gauri Laṅkēś", 29 January 1962 – 5 September 2017) was an Indian journalist-turned-activist from Bangalore, Karnataka. She worked as an editor in "Lankesh Patrike", a Kannada weekly started by her father P. Lankesh, and ran her own weekly called "Gauri Lankesh Patrike". Lankesh was known for advocating freedom of the press. She had written about the wrongdoings of the Indian National Congress leader, D. K. Shivakumar, a close associate of the former Chief Minister of Karnataka, S. M. Krishna.

On September 5, 2017, Gauri was fatally shot by three unidentified gunmen as she arrives home in Rajarajeshwari Nagar at night of 8. She was 55 years old. At the time of her death, Gauri was known for being a critic of right-wing Hindu extremism.

Carlo Caffarra

Carlo Caffarra (1 June 1938 – 6 September 2017) was an Italian cardinal and Roman Catholic Archbishop of Bologna. He was created Cardinal in the consistory of 24 March 2006 by Pope Benedict XVI. He was born in Busseto, Italy.

Caffarra died on 6 September 2017 in Bologna, Italy of brain cancer at the age of 79.


Walter Brandmüller

Walter Brandmüller PhD (born 5 January 1929) is a cardinal of the Catholic Church and president Emeritus of the Pontifical Committee for Historical Sciences. As required by canon law for cardinals, he was appointed a bishop.

On 22 July 1990, he received the Cross of the Order of Merit of the Federal Republic of Germany from president Richard von Weizsäcker. He served as President of the International Commission for Contemporary Church History from 1998 until 2006. He is a canon of the chapter of the Saint Peter's Basilica since 1997.

Brandmüller was born in Ansbach, Germany.

Brandmüller, along with three other cardinals, has issued a request to Pope Francis, entitled "Seeking Clarity: A Plea to Untie the Knots in "Amoris Laetitia"", seeking clarification on various points of doctrine in the Pope's apostolic exhortation, "Amoris laetitia". 

In June 2017 after seven months of not receiving a response from Pope Francis to their request that he clarify highly disputed parts in his apostolic exhortation Amoris Laetitia (The Joy of Love), four cardinals asked the Holy Father for an audience in April but the Pope has yet to respond, it has emerged. 

In an April 25 letter hand-delivered to the Holy Father on May 6, Cardinals Carlo Caffarra, Brandmüller, Raymond Burke and Joachim Meisner wrote to Francis asking for an audience, having received no response to the dubia they sent him on Sept 2016.

Nicolae Lupescu

Nicolae Lupescu (17 December 1940 – 6 September 2017) was a Romanian football defender and manager. He was born in Bucharest, Romania. Lupescu earned 21 caps and scored 2 goals for the Romanian national team. He represented his country at the 1970 FIFA World Cup.

Lupescu died on 6 September 2017 of liver cancer in Bucharest at the age of 76.

Mike Neville

Mike Neville, MBE (17 October 1936 – 6 September 2017) was a British broadcaster. He was a best known as a veteran anchorman on regional TV news in North East England. In a 43 year career with the BBC and ITV franchisee Tyne Tees Television. He became an iconic figure in the region and was remembered for his solid representational style. He was born in Willington Quay, Northumberland, England.

In 1990, Neville was awarded the MBE for services to broadcasting. 

Neville died on 6 September 2017 of pancreatic cancer at the age of 80.


Mongoloid (race)

Mongoloid was a word for a person from East Asia, Southeast Asia, the Arctic, the Americas or the Pacific Islands. The group of these persons was called "Mongoloid race". In former times, many people divided human beings into three races. These races were called "Mongoloid", "Caucasoid", and "Negroid". Today, scientists agree that there is only one human race. Modern genetic research has shown that the idea of three races was wrong.

German anthropologists invented the name "Mongolian race" in the 18th century. Later, the name changed to "Mongoloid". This means "looking like a Mongol". 

The word "mongoloid" was once also used to mean a person with Down syndrome. This was an offensive term (an insult) because people said it was like "Mongolian idiocy" or "Mongolian imbecility". Down syndrome has nothing to do with the "Mongoloid race": it is a genetic condition found in all types of humans.

Australoid (race)

Australoid race was a word for the aboriginal people of Australia, Melanesia, and parts of Southeast Asia. In former times, many people divided human beings into four races. These races were called "Australoid", "Mongoloid", "Caucasoid", and "Negroid". Today, scientists agree that there is only one human race. Modern genetic research has shown that the idea of four races was wrong.

Margaret River, Western Australia

Margaret River is a town in the South West of Western Australia located in the Southern Hemisphere. Despite its small population of nearly 9000 people, it is well known for its quality of wine, timber forests, clean and beautiful coastlines, and ancient underground caves.

Castizo

Castizo (ca-STEE-tzo) is a Spanish term for a person who is around 3/4 Caucasian and 1/4 Indigenous ancestry.

Castizos are mostly found in the Southern cone region of Latin America (especially Chile, Argentina and Brazil), Costa Rica, as well as parts of Northern and Western Mexico, many of the Canadian Metis (those of mixed French-Canadian and First Nations ancestry) and Mixed-Blood Americans (those who mixed of Anglo-American and Native Americans from the United States) are Castizos.

Castizos usually have more Caucasian traits, but many can have light features, but with heavy Native American features, while many can have a dark Native American-like pigmentation, but totally Caucasian features.

Famous Castizos include Johnny Depp, Gael Garcia Bernal, and Enrique Peña Nieto, it's unknown whether they are genetically Castizo, but based on their phenotype, they appear to be.

THE MOST FAMOUS CASTIZO AND CALIFORNIA DIPLOMAT,
FOUNDED MONTEREY BAY,FIRST EUROPEAN FO STEP FOOT ON San Fancusco Bay.
SCOUT FOR DEPORTOLA EXPEDITION,ALCALDE,AND COMANDANTE, FOUNDER OF MODER.DAY 101 US CALI FREEWAY
ATTORBEY,LINGUIST,PATRIARCH OF CHUMASH PEOPLE,3rd richest man in the World creater of Old Spanush Days Sant Barbara Only Spanish Land Grant in SB County recognized Land Act 1850 
CASTIZO BORN 1836 SPANISH OLD MEXICO Celaya Guanajuato
JOSE Maria Francisco Ortega True Californio
My 7 time Great Geandfather
CASTIZO
Harnizo

Harnizo (har-NEE-so) is a Spanish term for a person who is around 2/3 Caucasian and 1/3 Indigenous ancestry.

Harnizos are mostly found in Northern and Western Mexico, Costa Rica, Chile, Brazil as well as Mexican American population in the Southwestern United States.

Harnizos usually have more Caucasian traits, but with obvious Native American traits, Harnizos usually have a mixed pigmentation, much like Mestizos, but with more Caucasian traits, Harnizos can be confused for Mestizos sometimes.

Famous Harnizos include Jay Hernandez, Felipe Calderon, and Hugo Sanchez, it's unknown whether they are genetically Harnizo, but based on their phenotype, they appear to be.

Griffe

Griffe is a word that was used in slave societies in the Americas to describe some mixed-race people. It meant someone who was 3/4 black and 1/4 white.

Quadroon

Quadroon is a word that was used in slave societies in the Americas to describe some mixed-race people. It meant someone who had three white grandparents and one black grandparent.

Octoroon

Octoroon is a word that was used in slave societies in the Americas to describe some mixed-race people. It meant someone who was 7/8 white and 1/8 black.

Sami literature

Sámi literature has been written at least since 1673.

Prose (in Sámi language) has been written since 1910.

The first prose (in a Sámi language) came in 1910: ["a story about the life of the Sami ]" Muitalus samiid birra. It was written by a wolf hunter, Johan Turi. The financing of the book, was by a Swedish captain of industry, Hjalmar Lundbohm.

The first novel (in a Sami language) came in 1912: ["dawn"] "Beaivi-álgu" - by Anders Larsen.

Despacito

"Despacito" (; English: "Slowly") is a song by Puerto Rican singer Luis Fonsi featuring Puerto Rican rapper Daddy Yankee from Fonsi's upcoming studio album. On January 12, 2017, Universal Music Latin released "Despacito" and its music video, which shows both artists performing the song in La Perla neighborhood of Old San Juan, Puerto Rico and the local bar La Factoría. The song's music video is the first video to reach over three billion views on YouTube. The song was written by Luis Fonsi, Erika Ender and Daddy Yankee, and was produced by Andrés Torres and Mauricio Rengifo.

By being certified Diamond in the US only a year after its release, it reached this level faster than any other song since Elton John's double A-side single "Candle in the Wind 1997/Something About the Way You Look Tonight". This certification means the song has shipped and streamed over 10 million equivalent copies in the US.

On April 17, 2017 a remix version featuring vocals by Canadian singer Justin Bieber was released, who sang in Spanish for the first time in his career. The remix was released as a single by Universal Music Latin, Republic Records, Def Jam Recordings, RBMG and School Boy Records. The song maintained the original rhythms and Luis Fonsi translated some lines to English, singing a verse in Spanglish, while Daddy Yankee's verses were kept from the original version. It was the first collaboration between Luis Fonsi and Daddy Yankee with Bieber. The remix's official audio video garnered 20 million views on YouTube on its first 24 hours, making it the highest debut for a music-related video in 2017 as of April.

The song became Bieber's fifth chart-topper on the US "Billboard" Hot 100, after "What Do You Mean?", "Sorry", "Love Yourself", and "I'm the One". In the US, UK, and Canada, it replaced "I'm the One" at the top spot. "Despacito" became Bieber's sixth British and seventh Canadian chart-topper.

Soriatitan

Soriatitan ("Soria titan") is a genus of sauropod from the Early Cretaceous of Spain. It is known from one species, "S.golmayensis".

Kunbarrasaurus

Kunbarrasaurus is a genus of plant eating ankylosaur dinosaur from the Cretaceous of Australia.

Kunbarrasaurus was a small armoured dinosaur that was quadrupedal and had a long tail.

Sword of Reinheimen

The Sword of Reinheimen is a sword that was found in Norway in 2017 - in the county of Oppland. The age of the sword: Some archeologists think it is from 800 A.D. to early 10th century.

The sword was found at an altitude of 1640 m; and the sword is thought to be in a good condition, in part because it was found in a scree, without the sword being in contact with soil.

The sword was found by a reindeer hunter (while hunting), in the county of Oppland.

A "viking sword", it has been called.

On 4 September 2017 archeologists were taken to the exact place, where the sword was found.
The find was reported by media, later that week.

On 4 September 2017, "archeologists from Lillehammer" looked closely at the sword. The sword is expected to come to Museum of Cultural History, Oslo [later in 2017].

The sword could have belonged to somebody who died outside.

The sword could have belonged to somebody traveling across snow, and the sword could have been lost in snow.

The area where the sword was found, is a place used for hunting reindeer. Reindeer hunters often sneak up on reindeers, and sometimes the hunters leave things somewhere outside (while trying to sneak towards reindeer), and sometimes those things can not be easily found, especially when there is snow on the ground.


Style of the British sovereign

The precise style of British sovereigns has varied over the years. style is officially proclaimed in two languages:


Heimersdorf

Heimersdorf is a commune in the Haut-Rhin department of east France.

Heimsbrunn

Heimsbrunn is a commune in the Haut-Rhin department of east France.

Howard Hawks

Howard Winchester Hawks (May 30, 1896December 26, 1977) was an American movie director, producer and screenwriter of the classic Hollywood era. The classic Hollywood era was the time between 1917 and 1960 when American films first started to be created. During the classical Hollywood era, directors learned how to make films tell stories in ways that are still used today.

Hawks made many different kinds of films. He made funny films, dramas, gangster films, science fiction, film noir, and westerns. He made many popular movies. Some of them are "Scarface" (1932), "Bringing Up Baby" (1938), "Only Angels Have Wings" (1939), "His Girl Friday" (1940), "To Have and Have Not" (1944), "The Big Sleep" (1946), "Red River" (1948), "The Thing from Another World" (1951), and "Rio Bravo" (1959). Hawks often included strong women who talked a lot in his films. This kind of woman was in so many of Hawks's films that people now call that type of woman a "Hawksian woman."

In 1942, other movie people in the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences nominated Hawks for the Academy Award for Best Director for his work making "Sergeant York." In 1975 the Academy gave Hawks an Honorary Academy Award Hawks's work has influenced some of the most popular movie directors such as Martin Scorsese, Robert Altman, John Carpenter, and Quentin Tarantino.

Howard Winchester Hawks was born in Goshen, Indiana, the first child of Frank W. Hawks (1865–1950), who made his money making paper, and his wife, Helen (née Howard; 1872–1952), the daughter of a businessman with money. Hawks's family on his father's side were American pioneers and his old family member John Hawks had come from England to Massachusetts in 1630. The family lived in Goshen and by the 1890s was one of the richest families in the Midwest, because the Goshen Milling Company made a lot of money.

The dad of Hawks's mom, C. W. Howard (1845–1916), lived in Neenah, Wisconsin in 1862 at age 17. In 15 years he had made his money in the town's paper mill and other business moves. Frank Hawks and Helen Howard met in the early 1890s and married in 1895. Howard Hawks was the oldest of five kids and his birth was followed by Kenneth Neil Hawks (August 12, 1899 – January 2, 1930), William Bellinger Hawks (January 29, 1901 – January 10, 1969), Grace Louise Hawks (October 17, 1903 – December 23, 1927) and Helen Bernice Hawks (1906 – May 4, 1911). In 1898, the family moved to Neenah, Wisconsin where Frank Hawks started working for his father-in-law's Howard Paper Company.

Between 1906 and 1909, the Hawks family started to live in Pasadena, California because of the cold Wisconsin winters. This helped Helen Hawks's ill health. Little by little they started to live in Wisconsin only in the summers. They then moved to Pasadena for good in 1910. The family lived in a house down the street from Throop Polytechnic Institute (later known as the California Institute of Technology). The Hawks children started going to the school's Polytechnic Elementary School in 1907.

Hawks did okay in school. He did not do well in sports, but by 1910 he made up coaster racing, an early kind of soapbox racing. In 1911, Hawks's younger sister Helen died suddenly of food poisoning. From 1910 to 1912, Hawks went to Pasadena High School. But in 1912, the Hawks family moved to Glendora, California. Frank Hawks had orange trees there. Hawks ended his junior year of high school at Citrus Union High School in Glendora. When there he flew planes for performers.

He was then sent to Phillips Exeter Academy in New Hampshire from 1913 to 1914. His family's money may have been a part his being let into the high-end private school. He was only seventeen, but he was let in as a student the same level of a sophomore. While in New England, Hawks went to the movie houses in Boston. In 1914, Hawks went back to Glendora and graduated from Pasadena High School that year.

That same year, Hawks was let into Cornell University in Ithaca, New York. He studied mechanical engineering and was a part of Delta Kappa Epsilon. School friend Ray S. Ashbury remembered Hawks spending more of his time playing craps and drinking alcohol than studying. Hawks also loved reading popular American and English books in school.

While working in the movie industry in his 1916 summer vacation, Hawks made an attempt to change schools to Stanford University. He was not let in. He went to Cornell that September. He left in April 1917 to join the Army when the United States joined World War I. Like a lot of students who joined the armed services in the war, he got a degree in absentia in 1918. Before Hawks went to war, he went back to Hollywood and by the end of April 1917 was working on a Cecil B. DeMille movie.

In 1916, Hawks met Victor Fleming, a Hollywood filmmaker who had fixed cars and flown planes. Fleming started in the movie industry when a friend, Marshall Neilan, told movie director Allan Dwan that Fleming could fix his car. (Fleming left an impression on Dwan by quickly fixing his car and a broken camera.) By 1916, Fleming was a cinematographer.

Hawks met Fleming when he started racing and working on a Mercer race car—bought for him by his grandfather, C.W. Howard—during his 1916 summer vacation in California. They say he met Fleming when the two men raced on a dirt track and caused an accident. 

Fleming gave Hawks's his first job in the movie industry, as a prop boy on the Douglas Fairbanks movie "In Again, Out Again" (on which Fleming worked as the cinematographer) for Famous Players-Lasky. Hawks said, a new place to be filmed needed to be made quickly when the studio's set designer could not be there, so Hawks offered to do the job. He did a good job. Fairbanks was happy. He then worked making things used in the movie and general helper on an unknown movie put together by Cecil B. DeMille. (Hawks never said what film in interviews and DeMille made five movies about in that time).

Gin D. Wong

Gin Dan Wong (September 17, 1922 – September 1, 2017) was a Chinese-born American architect. 

During his career, he was the chief of the Architectural Guild for the School of Architecture and Fine Arts at University of Southern California, the founder and chairman of Gin Wong Associates, and the president of William L. Pereira Associates. He was known as the designer of numerous buildings and centers in Southern California and the Pacific Rim: LAX Theme Building; the Atlantic Richfield Company (ARCO) Headquarters Building in Downtown Los Angeles; the Columbia Broadcasting System Television City; the Crean Tower and Mary Hood Chapel on the Crystal Cathedral campus; the Jack Colker's 76 Station in Beverly Hills; Hyatt Regency International Airport in Inchon, Korea; and the Pan Pacific Tower in Honolulu, Hawaii.

Wong died of complications from Alzheimer's disease on September 1, 2017 in Los Angeles, California at the age of 94.

Jim McDaniels

James Ronald McDaniels (April 2, 1948 – September 6, 2017) was an American professional basketball player. He was born in Scottsville, Kentucky. McDaniels was drafted by the Seattle SuperSonics in the second round of the 1971 NBA draft and by the Utah Stars in the ABA Draft, but he began his professional career with the Carolina Cougars of the American Basketball Association. 

McDaniels died in Bowling Green, Kentucky on September 6, 2017 from a long-illness at the age of 69.

Noel Picard

Joseph Jean-Noel Yves Picard (December 25, 1938 – September 6, 2017) was a Canadian ice hockey defenceman. He was the brother of former National Hockey League (NHL) player Roger Picard with whom he briefly played in St Louis, Missouri for one season. He was born in Montreal, Quebec. He played for the Montreal Canadiens, St. Louis Blues and the Atlanta Flames.

Picard died in Montreal, Quebec on September 6, 2017 at the age of 78.

Kim Ki-duk (director, born 1934)

Kim Ki-duk (29 September 1934 – 7 September 2017) was a South Korean movie director and professor. He was best known outside of Korea for his 1967 giant monster movie "". Kim directed 66 movies in total from his directorial debut in 1961 until his retirement from the movie industry in 1977. 

Along with Kim Soo-yong and Lee Man-hee, Kim was one of the leading young directors of the Korean cinematic wave of the 1960s. The most distinctive and successful genre of this period was the melodrama (청춘영화 - "cheongchun yeonghwa"). He was not related to Kim Ki-duk, the South Korean director of "3-Iron".

Kim died on 7 September 2017 at the age of 83 from lung cancer in Seoul, South Korea.


Kim Ki-duk

Kim Ki-duk ( ; December 20, 1960 – December 11, 2020) was a South Korean movie director and screenwriter. His movies have received many awards in the festival awards, making him one of the most important contemporary Asian movie directors.

He won the Golden Lion at 69th Venice International Film Festival for "Pietà", Silver Lion for Best Director at 61st Venice International Film Festival for "3-Iron", Silver Bear for Best Director at the 54th Berlin International Film Festival for "Samaria" and Un Certain Regard prize at 2011 Cannes Film Festival for "Arirang".

His best known movie was "Spring, Summer, Fall, Winter... and Spring" (2003). Two of his movies were official submissions for Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film as South Korean entries.

Kim wrote scripts to many of his former assistant directors including Juhn Jai-hong ("Beautiful" and "Poongsan") and Jang Hoon ("Rough Cut").

On December 11, 2020, Kim died in Riga, Latvia from problems caused by COVID-19, just nine days before his 60th birthday.



Jeremiah Goodman

Jeremiah Goodman (October 22, 1922 – September 7, 2017) was an American illustrator. He was born in Buffalo, New York.

Goodman signed his work with his first name only. Goodman used his unique painting style to create the essence of a building's interior. 

His painting interprets the plans of both architects and interior designers. He paints original portraits of spaces for both commercial and private clients. For almost twenty years he created the covers for "Interior Design" magazine, and also books on interiors and for murals.

Goodman died on September 7, 2017 of complications from pneumonia in New York City at the age of 94.


Tomás Villanueva

Tomás Félix Villanueva Rodríguez (25 February 1953 – 7 September 2017) was a Spanish politician. He was born in Valladolid, Spain. He served as a politician for the region of Castile and León. He served as the region's Vice President from 2001 through 2003.

Villanueva died of a heart attack on 7 September 2017 in Valladolid, Spain at the age of 64.

Gene Michael

Eugene Richard "Gene" Michael (June 2, 1938 – September 7, 2017), nicknamed "Stick", was an American shortstop, coach, scout, manager and executive in Major League Baseball. He was born in Kent, Ohio.

Michael played for the Pittsburgh Pirates, Los Angeles Dodgers, New York Yankees, and Detroit Tigers from 1966 to 1975. After his playing career, Michael managed the Yankees and Chicago Cubs, and served as the Yankees' general manager. Michael built the Yankees team that became a dynasty in the late 1990s.

Michael died of a heart attack on September 7, 2017, in Oldsmar, Florida at the age of 79.

2017 Chiapas earthquake

The 2017 Chiapas earthquake was a strong earthquake that hit Mexico and Guatemala on September 7, 2017. The quake scored a magnitude of 8.4 M on the magnitude (or strength) scale. At least sixty people died.

Christchurch earthquake (disambiguation)

Christchurch earthquake may refer to a number of earthquakes that affected Christchurch, New Zealand.



Aérospatiale SA-341 Gazelle

The Aérospatiale SA-341 Gazelle is a French helicopter designed and built by Aérospatiale. It was also built under licence in UK by Westland as Westland Gazelle for Royal Navy and Royal Air Force. Some were built and used by Yugoslavia as SOKO SA-341 Partizan.
It was used for anti-tank, reconnaissance and training.
Many are also used for private helicopter.


Training helicopter

A training helicopter is a light helicopter used specially for training. Some are civilian but most are military. 


Agathaumas

Agathaumas ("great wonder") is a dubious genus of a large ceratopsid dinosaur that lived in Wyoming during the Late Cretaceous (65 million years ago). The name comes from Greek, "αγαν" - 'much' and "θαυμα" - 'wonder'. It was seen as the largest land animal known at the time of its discovery and might be a synonym of "Triceratops". It was related to "Ceratops".

Bajocian

In the geologic timescale, the Bajocian is an age or stage in the Middle Jurassic. It lasted from approximately 170.3 Ma to around 168.3 Ma (million years ago). The Bajocian age succeeds the Aalenian age and precedes the Bathonian age.

God in Judaism

Jews believe in only one god, because they believe that that one god was not only the creator of the world, but also that they can have an individual and personal relationship with Him. The name of that god is God, meaning “The Name” or “My Master”. 

The religion started in Mesopotamia, later on moving to Canaan, and near the Middle East. It developed gradually around 1800 BCE. During this time, God talked to Abraham, and told him to go to Canaan with his followers. Once they arrived, they became sheep herders. But one day, famine caused them to flee to Egypt, where they eventually became slaves. After all that happened, God talked to another spiritual leader in Judaism to help Abraham and his followers get back to Canaan, which he eventually did. The religion spread widely after that. The spread is called the Jewish Diaspora. The Jews spread to other countries and took their religion with them. 

The Jews have to follow specific rules from their bible. One of them is the 10 commandments. They also have to live near their Synagogue because they don't believe in taking transportation on Shabbat.

2018 FIFA World Cup qualification – UEFA Group A

The 2018 FIFA World Cup qualification UEFA Group A was one of the nine UEFA groups for 2018 FIFA World Cup qualification. The group was made up of six teams: Netherlands, France, Sweden, Bulgaria, Belarus, and Luxembourg.








Innerferrera

Innerferrera () is a village and former municipality of the district Hinterrhein in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland. On 1 January 2008 the former municipalities of Innerferrera and Ausserferrera merged into the new municipality of Ferrera.

Jenaz

Jenaz () is a municipality of the district of Prättigau/Davos in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland.


Jenins

Jenins () is a municipality in the district of Landquart in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland.


Ferrera

Ferrera is a municipality of the district of Hinterrhein in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland.

It was formed on 1 January 2008 through the merger of Ausserferrera and Innerferrera.



Villars-Sainte-Croix

Villars-Sainte-Croix is a municipality in the district of Ouest lausannois in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.


Die, Drôme

Die () is a small city and commune in southeastern France in the Drôme department, of which it is a sub-prefecture. It is in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region.

Die is in the eastern part of the Drôme department. The Drôme river, a tributary of the Rhône river, flows through the "commune".

It has an area of . Its average altitude is ; at the city hall, the altitude is .

The distances from Die to other cities are:

The "commune" of Die is surrounded by 8 "communes": Chamaloc, Romeyer, Laval-d'Aix, Molières-Glandaz, Aix-en-Diois, Barsac, Ponet-et-Saint-Auban, Marignac-en-Diois.

The climate of Die, in the Köppen climate classification, is Cfb - Oceanic climate with template summers.

The inhabitants of Die are known, in French, as "Diois" (women: "Dioises").

With a population of 4,516, Die has a population density of inhabitants/km.
Evolution of the population in Die

Die is a sub-prefecture in the Drôme department since 1800. It is the capital of the Die "arrondissement" and is also the administrative centre () of the "canton" of Le Diois formed by 63 "communes", with 13,617 inhabitants (2014).

Die is twinned with:



Türkân Akyol

Türkân Akyol (September 12, 1928 – September 7, 2017) was a Turkish politician, physician and academic. She was the first Turkish female government minister, and the first female university rector in Turkey. She was born in Istanbul, Turkey. She served as Minister of State from 1992 through 1995.

Akyol died on 7 September 2017 in Ankara, Turkey of a lung infection at the age of 88.


Don Williams

Don Williams (May 27, 1939 – September 8, 2017) was an American country singer, songwriter, and 2010 inductee to the Country Music Hall of Fame. He began his solo career in 1971, singing popular ballads and amassing 17 number one country hits.

His straightforward yet smooth bass-baritone voice, soft tones, and imposing build earned him the nickname: "Gentle Giant" of country music.

On September 8, 2017, Williams died after a short battle with emphysema in Mobile, Alabama at the age of 78.

Jerry Pournelle

Jerry Eugene Pournelle (; August 7, 1933 – September 8, 2017) was an American science fiction writer, essayist, and journalist. He contributed for many years to the computer magazine "Byte". Pournelle served as President of the Science Fiction and Fantasy Writers of America in 1973.


Les McDonald

Les McDonald, CM (30 April 1933 – 4 September 2017) was a Canadian athlete and administrator. He was the founding President of the International Triathlon Union (ITU) from 1989-2008, and was made an Honorary President for the organization until his death in 2017.

McDonald is largely credited with getting the sport of triathlon into the Olympic Games, with the inaugural race taking place at the Games of the XXVII Olympiad in Sydney, Australia, in 2000. He is a member of the Canadian Olympic Hall of Fame (2007), the BC Sports Hall of Fame (2009), and the ITU Hall of Fame (2014). He was awarded the Olympic Order in 2010, in Vancouver, by the International Olympic Committee.

McDonald was inducted as a Member of the Order of Canada in 2013 by His Excellency the Right Honourable David Johnston, the Governor General of Canada.

Myopathy

Myopathy is a disease of the muscle in which the muscle fibers do not function properly. 

This results in muscular weakness. "Myopathy" simply means muscle disease (Greek myo- "muscle" + patheia < -pathy "suffering"). This meaning implies that the primary defect is within the muscle, as opposed to the nerves ("neuropathies" or "neurogenic" disorders) or elsewhere (e.g., the brain). Muscle cramps, stiffness, and spasm can also be associated with myopathy.

Muscular disease can be classified as neuromuscular or musculoskeletal in nature. Some conditions, such as myositis, can be considered both neuromuscular and musculoskeletal.

Pierre Bergé

Pierre Bergé (; 14 November 1930 – 8 September 2017) was a French industrialist and patron. He was the co-founder of Yves Saint Laurent Couture House and onetime life partner and longtime business partner of the late fashion designer Yves Saint Laurent.

Bergé was recognized with the Order of Orange-Nassau, Officer of the Ordre National du Mérite, Commandeur des Arts et des Lettres, and Legion of Honor.

Bergé died of myopathy on 8 September 2017, in Saint-Rémy-de-Provence, at the age of 86.

United States National Health Care Act

The United States National Health Care Act, or the Expanded and Improved Medicare for All Act () is a bill introduced in the United States House of Representatives by Representative John Conyers (D-MI). The bill had 49 cosponsors in 2015. As of August 12, 2017, it had 116 cosponsors, which amounts to a majority of the Democratic caucus in the House of Representatives and is the highest level of support the bill has ever received since Conyers began annually introducing the bill in 2003.

The act would create a universal single-payer health care system in the United States, the rough equivalent of Canada's Medicare and Taiwan's Bureau of National Health Insurance, among other examples. Under a single-payer system, most medical care would be paid for by the Government of the United States, ending the need for private health insurance and premiums, and probably recasting private insurance companies as providing purely supplemental coverage, to be used when non-essential care is sought.

The bill was first introduced in 2003, when it had 25 cosponsors, and has been reintroduced in each Congress since. During the 2009 health care debates over the bill that became the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, H.R. 676 was expected to be debated and voted upon by the House in September 2009, but was never debated.

The bill was introduced again recently by Rep. Conyers in the House of Representatives. Senator Bernie Sanders has said that he intends to introduce a parallel bill in the United States Senate in the future. 

Energy policy

Energy policy means the way of usage and conservation of energy and the means to conserve it. Energy has bought immense changes in human life. Thus energy conservation is gaining much momentum.

Blake Heron

Blake Heron (January 11, 1982 – September 8, 2017) was an American actor. He starred as Marty Preston in the 1996 movie "Shiloh". He was born in Sherman Oaks, California. He also appeared in "Cheaters", "Boston Public" (2000), "Family Law" (1999) and "The Guardian", he took on the role of Specialist Galen Bungum in "We Were Soldiers" (2002). He also appeared in "Dandelion" (2004).

Heron was found dead at his apartment by his girlfriend in Los Angeles, California on September 8, 2017, aged 35. In the days before his death, he was recovering from his heroin addiction and suffered from the flu.

Toshi Ichiyanagi

Ichiyanagi was born in Kobe, Japan.

One of his best known works is the 1960 composition "Kaiki", which combined Japanese instruments, "shō" and koto, and western instruments, harmonica and saxophone.

Another work, "Distance" (1961), required the performers to play from a distance of three meters from their instruments. "Anima 7" (1964) stated that chosen action should be performed "as slowly as possible".

Ichiyanagi was married to Yoko Ono from 1956 to 1963.

Ichiyanagi won the 33rd Suntory Music Award (2001). He has been honored with Japan's Order of Culture.
Ichiyanagi died on 7 October 2022, at the age of 89.

Michael Moriarty

Michael Moriarty (born April 5, 1941) is an American-Canadian stage and screen actor and a jazz musician. He received an Emmy Award, a Tony Award and Golden Globe Award. He is known for his first acting role on American television as a Nazi SS officer in the 1978 mini-series "Holocaust".

Moriarty played Executive Assistant District Attorney Benjamin Stone for the first four seasons (1990–1994) on the television show "Law & Order." Moriarty is also known for his roles in movies such as "Bang the Drum Slowly", "Who'll Stop the Rain", "Q: The Winged Serpent", "The Stuff", "Pale Rider", "Troll", "Courage Under Fire", and "Shiloh".


Mícheál Ó Muircheartaigh

Mícheál Ó Muircheartaigh (; born 20 August 1930) is an Irish Gaelic games commentator for the Irish national radio and television, Raidió Teilifís. 

In a career that has lasted 60 years, he has come to be regarded as the "voice of Gaelic games." His prolific career has earned him a place in "Guinness World Records".

Trump: The Art of the Deal

Trump: The Art of the Deal is a 1987 book credited to businessman Donald Trump and journalist Tony Schwartz. Part memoir and part business-advice book. It was the first book published by Trump, Trump said that the book helped to make him a "household name". 

It reached number 1 on "The New York Times" Best Seller list, stayed there for 13 weeks, and altogether held a position on the list for 48 weeks.

The book received additional attention during Trump's 2016 campaign for the presidency of the United States. He said it as one of his proudest accomplishments and his second-favorite book after the Bible.

Megaflora

Megaflora (from Greek μέγας "megas" "huge" and Latin "Flōra" goddess of flowers, from "flōs" "flower") is the collective name of extremely large plant species. Examples of megaflora include the sequoias of California and a number of extinct plant species from the Mesozoic.

Luna Shamsuddoha

Luna Shamsuddoha (4 October – 17 February 2021) was a Bangladeshi Women Entrepreneur. She was the Chairman of the software firm Dohatec New Media, in Dhaka Bangladesh, which she founded in 1992. She was the first woman to head any state-owned bank in Bangladesh. She is the founder President of Bangladesh Women in Technology (BWIT). She has got ‘Bangladesh Business Award-2017’ for her exceptional contribution to the country’s economy and honored with `Annona Best 10 award' for her remarkable execution in local software industry as a women entrepreneur She serves as board member of SME Foundation, Independent University Bangladesh (IUB), Director of state-owned Janata Bank Limited. She has joined as chairman of the state-owned Janata Bank Limited.

Shamsuddoha was born to Lutfar Rahman and Hasina Rahman on 4 October in Dhaka. She got her Secondary School certificate from Viqarunnisa Noon School and College and Higher Secondary School certificate from Holy Cross College. She has a master's degree in International Relations (IR) from University of Dhaka.

She began business in 1985 as the Managing Partner of The Executive Center. Prior to that, she functioned as English Language Teacher at British Council Language Resource Center and as Lecturer, English Language, Institute of Modern Languages, Dhaka University. Her company is an Independent Software Vendor (ISV) and System Integrator. Dohatec provides software solutions to institutions, government agencies and corporations in USA, Canada, Germany, Switzerland, and Bangladesh. Dohatec’s key clients are The World Bank, World Health Organisation, US Postal Service, Government of Bangladesh and Bangladesh Army.

Shamsuddoha was married to A. K. M. Shamsuddoha, a businessman in Dhaka. The couple had a daughter Reem Shamsuddoha.

Shamsuddoha died on 17 February 2021 in Dhaka.


University of Dhaka

The University of Dhaka (ঢাকা বিশ্ববিদ্যালয়), also known as Dhaka University or simply DU), is the oldest university in modern Bangladesh. It was created in 1921 during the British Raj. It is important to the modern history of Bangladesh. After the Partition of India, the university was important to the progressive and democratic movements in Pakistan. Its students and teachers played a central role in the rise of Bengali nationalism and the independence of Bangladesh.

Today, it is the largest public university in Bangladesh, with a student body of 33,000 and a faculty of 1,800.


Heiteren

Heiteren is a commune. It is in the Haut-Rhin department of eastern France.

Chingleput District (Madras Presidency)

Chingleput district was a district in the Madras Presidency of British India. It covered the area of the present-day districts of Kanchipuram and Tiruvallur and parts of Chennai city. It was sub-divided into six taluks with a total area of 7,970 square kilometres (3,079 sq mi). The first capital was the town of Karunguzhi, with an interruption between 1825 and 1835, administrative headquarters were transferred to Kanchipuram. In 1859 the region of Saidapet, now a neighbourhood in the city of Chennai, was made the administrative headquarters of the district.

Excavations made by Robert Bruce Foote indicate that the region was inhabited in the Stone age. During the end of first millennium B. C, it was under the Thondaiman kings. The Pallavas with their capital at Kanchi came to power in about 500 A. D. When the Pallava kingdom began to decline, the region was conquered by the Western Gangas in about 760 A. D. Chingleput was ruled by the Rashtrakutas, Cholas and the Kakatiyas of Warangal until the 13th century AD when it fell to the Delhi Sultanate. Chingleput area was conquered by the Vijayanagar Empire which ruled the region from 1393 till 1565 and from 1565 till 1640 as the kingdom of Chandragiri.

The area was annexed by the Mughals in 1687 and was later conquered by the Nawab of the Carnatic. In 1763, Chingleput was ceded to the British East India Company by Mohammad Ali, the then Nawab of the Carnatic. It was the site of the Carnatic Wars and was frequently taken by Tipu Sultan during the last years of the 18th century.After the independence of India, the district became part in 1950 of the newly named Madras State. As a result of the 1956 States Reorganisation Act, the state's boundaries were re-organised following linguistic lines.

As of 1901, Chingleput had a total population of 1,312,222. 96 percent of the population were Hindus while the rest where Christians and Muslims. About three-fourths of the people spoke Tamil as their mother tongue the remainder spoke Telugu. Due to its proximity to Madras city, there were also large numbers of Europeans in the district.

Coimbatore District (Madras Presidency)

Coimbatore district was one of the districts of the erstwhile Madras Presidency of British India. It covered the areas of the present-day districts of Coimbatore, Erode and Tirupur and the Kollegal taluk of present-day Karnataka. It covered a total area of 20,400 square kilometres (7,860 sq mi) and was sub-divided into 10 taluks. The administrative headquarters was Coimbatore city. Most of Coimbatore's inhabitants were Tamil-speaking but there were also large numbers of Malayalam, Telugu and Kannada speaking people.

Coimbatore was a part of the ancient Chera kingdom during the Sangam Age. After the Chera kingdom fell, the region was ruled by the Western Gangas and the Hoysalas. Coimbatore came under Muslim rule in the 13th century AD and was a province of the Vijayanagar Empire. After the fall of the Vijayanagar Empire, Coimbatore was ruled by the Madurai Nayaks till 17th century. A series of wars between the Kingdoms of Kingdom of Mysore of Madurai Nayak dynasty resulted in the region coming under the control of Mysore kings till the defeat of Tipu Sultan in the Third Mysore War in 1792, Coimbatore became a part of British India.
The district was founded in 1805. In 1868 Nilgiri District was segregated. The Avinashi taluk was formed when Karur was separated from the district and merged with Trichinopoly District. In 1927 and 1929 other readjustments were made. In 1956 the Kollegal taluk was transferred to Mysore State.

Madura District (Madras Presidency)

Madura District was one of the districts of the Madras Presidency of British India. It covered the present-day districts of Madurai, Dindigul, Theni, Ramanathapuram, Sivagangai and parts of Virudhunagar District in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu.

Madura district was the centre of the Pandya kingdom and its capital city of Madurai was flourishing ever since the Sangam period. In the 10th century AD, the region was conquered by the rising Chola power. The Pandyas governed as subordinate from the 10th to the 13th century AD when they asserted their independence and established their supremacy over the declining Cholas. After a short and progressive rule, the Pandyas were defeated by the Delhi Sultanate whose ruled Alauddin Khilji sacked Madura. The region was ruled by the Madurai Sultanate for some time before it was conquered by the Vijayanagar Empire. The Vijayanagar kings were succeeded by the Madurai Nayak kingdom whose demise in 1736 left behind a huge void. After a short period of anarchy, Madura was conquered by the British East India Company and the district of Madura was carved out.

Madura district was sub-divided into 15 taluks, including 5 zamindari taluks of Ramnad estate and 3 zamindari taluks of Sivaganga estate.

Gyposaurus

Gyposaurus (meaning "vulture lizard", referring to the outdated hypothesis that prosauropods were carnivores) is a genus of prosauropod from the early Jurassic of South Africa and China. It is usually considered to represent juveniles of other prosauropods, but "G." "sinensis" is regarded as a possibly valid species.

Ibadan

Ibadan is the capital of Oyo State, Nigeria. There are over 3 million people living in Ibadan which makes it the most populous city in Oyo state. It is the third most populous city in Nigeria, after Lagos and Kano. It is the largest city in the country by land size.

Ibadan is located in south-western Nigeria. Ibadan was the centre of administration of the old Western Region since the days of the British colonial rule, and parts of the city's ancient protective walls still stand to this day. The major inhabitants of the city are Yoruba, as well as various communities from other parts of the country.

Citipati

Citipati (pronounced in Hindi, meaning 'funeral pyre lord') is a genus of oviraptorid theropod dinosaur from the Late Cretaceous Period of what is now Mongolia.

The type species, "Citipati osmolskae", was described in 2001. A second, as yet unnamed species may also exist. "Citipati" is often confused with the similar "Oviraptor"

Zapalasaurus

Zapalasaurus is a genus of dinosaur named after the city of Zapala. The type species, "Zapalasaurus bonapartei", was found in Neuquén Province, Argentina. It was a diplodocoid, a long-necked herbivore, and it lived during the Early Cretaceous. 

Limaysaurus

Limaysaurus is a herbivorous rebbachisaurid sauropod dinosaur from Argentina.

Telmatosaurus

Telmatosaurus (meaning "marsh lizard") is a genus of basal hadrosaurid dinosaur from the Late Cretaceous. It was about five meters (16 ft) long. It was found in what is now Romania.

Dakotaraptor

Dakotaraptor is a genus of large carnivorous theropod dromaeosaurid dinosaur. It lived in the Late Cretaceous of North America.

"Dakotaraptor" was about long. That makes it one of the largest dromaeosaurids known. 

Latenivenatrix

Latenivenatrix (meaning "hiding hunter") is a genus of troodontid. It was previously identified as "Troodon". 

"Latenivenatrix" has an estimated skull length of and a size . This makes it the largest troodontid known.

Guarinisuchus

Guarinisuchus is an extinct genus of crocodyliform from the Late Cretaceous and Early Paleocene periods, 66-62 million years ago of the María Farinha Formation, Brazil. It was a dominant predator in its environment, and reached a length of 3 m (10 ft). "Guarinisuchus" appears to be closely related to marine crocodylomorphs found in Africa, which supports the hypothesis that the group originated in Africa and migrated to South America before spreading into the waters off the North American coast.

Tangvayosaurus

Tangvayosaurus (meaning "Tang Vay lizard") is a genus of sauropod dinosaur from the Aptian-Albian age Lower Cretaceous Grès Supérior Formation of Savannakhet, Laos. It was a basal titanosaur, about 15 m long, and is known from the remains of two or three individuals.

It is based on TV4-1 to TV4-36, consisting of a partial pelvis, several back vertebrae and a tail vertebra, ribs, and an upper arm bone (humerus).

P. J. Kennedy

Patrick Joseph "P. J." Kennedy (January 14, 1858 – May 18, 1929) was an American businessman and politician. Kennedy was a major figure in the Democratic Party in Boston. He was the father of Joseph P. Kennedy, Sr. (1888-1969) and the grandfather of President John F. Kennedy (1917-1963).

The son of Irish immigrants, he was the only surviving male in the family after two outbreaks of Cholera. He started work at fourteen as a stevedore in the docks. Kennedy owned three saloons and a whisky import house, and eventually had major interests in coal and banking. He moved successfully into politics, as a sociable man able to mix comfortably with both the Irish and the Protestant elite, and he sat in the Massachusetts House of Representatives and in the Massachusetts Senate. His particular talent was for the behind-the-scenes machinations for which Boston politics became so notorious.

P. J. was the youngest of five children born to Irish Catholic immigrants Patrick Kennedy (1823–1858) and Bridget Murphy (1821–1888), who were both from New Ross, County Wexford, and married in Boston on September 26, 1849. The couple's elder son, John, had died of cholera in infancy two years before P. J. was born. Ten months after P. J.'s birth, his father Patrick also succumbed to the infectious cholera epidemic that infested the family's East Boston neighborhood. As the only surviving male, P. J. was the first Kennedy to receive a formal education. His mother Bridget had purchased an East Boston stationery and notions store where she had worked. The business took off and expanded into a grocery and liquor store.

At the age of fourteen, P. J. left school to work with his mother and three older sisters, Mary, Joanna, and Margaret, as a stevedore on the Boston Docks. In the 1880s, with money he had saved from his modest earnings, he launched a business career by buying a saloon in Haymarket Square downtown. In time, he bought a second establishment by the East Boston docks. Next, to capitalize on the social drinking of upperclass Boston, Kennedy purchased a third bar in an upscale East Boston hotel, the Maverick House. Before he was thirty, his growing prosperity allowed him to buy a whiskey-importing business. By the time he died in 1929, Kennedy held an interest in a coal company and a substantial amount ofstock in a bank, the Columbia Trust Company. His wealth afforded his family of one son and two daughters an attractive home on Jeffries Point in East Boston.

Kennedy was "always ready to help less fortunate fellow Irishmen with a little cash and some sensible advice." He enjoyed the approval and respect of most folks in East Boston, living on the hill of a mixed Boston neighborhood of upscale Irish and Protestant elite. Beginning in 1884, he converted his popularity into five consecutive one-year terms in the Massachusetts House of Representatives, followed by three two-year terms in the Massachusetts Senate. Establishing himself as one of Boston's principal Democratic leaders, he was invited to give one of the seconding speeches for Grover Cleveland at the party's 1888 national convention in St. Louis. However, he found campaigning, speech making, and legislative maneuvering, to be less appealing than the behind-the-scenes machinations that characterized so much of Boston politics in the late-nineteenth and early-twentieth centuries. After leaving the Senate in 1895, Kennedy spent his political career as an appointed elections commissioner, an appointed fire commissioner, as the backroom boss of Boston's Ward Two, and as a member of his party's unofficial Board of Strategy.

On November 23, 1887, he married Mary Augusta Hickey (1857-1923), daughter of James Hickey and Margaret Martha Field. P. J. and Mary had four children:

P. J. Kennedy died on May 18, 1929 from natural causes at age 71.

Filippo Reef

Filippo Reef is a coral reef in the Pacific Ocean. It is located at , east of Starbuck Island in the Line Islands. The reef was reported by the master of the Italian barque "Filippo" who saw it on 28 June 1886. From an unidentified report of breakers dated 1926, it was estimated to have a water depth of only , and appeared to be about long northwest to southeast, and less in width.

The only sighting referenced shows a date of 1926. The topographic data supplied by the General Bathymetric Chart of the Oceans (GEBCO), however, shows a sea depth of . It is therefore likely that this 1926 report is an error, and that Filippo Reef is a phantom island. Maps showing the reef rely on the report of 1926, and are likely in error.

Nevertheless, it is marked in the 2005 edition of the "National Geographic Atlas of the World".

FC Schaffhausen

FC Schaffhausen is a football club which plays in Switzerland.



Wood fuel

Wood fuel is a type of energy that is burnt down to create energy, such as heat or light.

Klosters-Serneus

Klosters-Serneus is a ski resort and municipality of the district Davos in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland.

It is a popular ski location and the slopes are easily accessible via a large cable car.


Küblis

Küblis is a municipality in the district of Davos in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland.

Drôme (river)

The Drôme () is a river in southeastern France. It is a left tributary of the Rhône river. It gives its name to the French department of Drôme.

The Drôme river has a length of , and a drainage basin with an area of .

Its average yearly discharge (volume of water which passes through a section of the river per unit of time) is at Saillans in the Drôme department.

Average monthly discharge (m/s) at Saillans (108 years)
The Drôme starts in the "Col de Carabès", in the western foothills of the Alps, in the "commune" of La Bâtie-des-Fonds, (Drôme department), at an altitude of about . From here, the Drôme flows first to the northwest and then to the west.

The Drôme river flows within the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region, 2 departments and 37 "communes". It flows through the following "communes", among others:

Finally, it flows into the Rhône river in the "commune" of Loriol-sur-Drôme, on the border with the Ardèche department.

The main tributaries of the Drôme river are:
Left tributaries:
Right tributaries:

Air Transat

Air Transat is a Canadian leisure airline based in Montreal, Quebec. It was founded in December 1986. In 2016 there were about 2,500 employees.


Selima Ahmad

Selima Ahmed (born 7 July 1960) is a Bangladeshi politician and businesswoman. She is the Vice Chairperson of Nitol-Niloy Group and started and is the President of the Bangladesh Women Chamber of Commerce and Industry (BWCCI). She is part of the board of Janata Bank Limited. She was a board member of Sonali Bank Limited, but is not any more. In 2014 she won the Oslo Business for Peace Award for her work in Business. She is a Global Ambassador of The International Alliance for Women (TIAW) and also a Course Teacher of MBA class in University of Dhaka.

Ahmed earned her graduation and Masters in Business Management from Dhaka University and did short courses from USA, Japan, Denmark and Canada. She is a fellow of Stanford University. She has been working to help businesses for over 28 years and has helped many women entrepreneurs.

Ahmad, is Vice Chairperson of the Nitol-Niloy Group. She is the Key person of the Bangladesh chapter of Women Democracy Network. She is a member of the Civil Society Advisory Group of UN Women. She also holds positions in different committees of various national and international organizations.

Ahmad is married to Abdul Matlub Ahmad, a Business Leader and former President of Federation of Bangladesh Chambers of Commerce & Industries (FBCCI).


Haleh Afshar, Baroness Afshar

Haleh Afshar, Baroness Afshar OBE FAcSS (; 21 May 1944 – 12 May 2022) was a British professor and a life peer in the House of Lords. She was a prominent Muslim feminist, and characterises herself as a Socialist and a Shi'a Muslim. Her background is in equal opportunities in Britain, and before that, land reform and development in Iran, where she grew up, and journalism in both countries.

Afshar died on 12 May 2022 at the age of 77.

Ramnad estate

The estate of Ramnad was a permanently settled zamindari estate that existed in the Ramnad subdivision of the Madura district and later Ramnad district of the Madras Presidency in British India from 1801 to 1949.

The seat of administration was the town of Ramanathapuram. The Zamindari had its origins in the Kingdom of Ramnad established by Raghunatha Kilavan in the late 17th century. In 1803, the Kingdom was converted to a Zamindari by the British. The male rulers of Ramnathapuram also bore the title of Sethupathi or "protector of the bridge", the bridge here referring to the legendary Rama's Bridge while female rulers bore the title "Nachiyar".
The estate covered an area of 2,104 square miles (5,450 km2) and had a population of 723,886 in 1901. It was one of the largest and most populous zamindari estates in the Madras Presidency. The zamindar of Ramnad paid a tribute of Rs. 3.75 lakhs for the year 1903-04 to the British government.



 (1795-1803)


Alina Janowska

Alina Maria Janowska-Zabłocka (16 April 1923 – 13 November 2017) was a Polish actress. She was known for her roles in "Zakazane piosenki" and in "Samson" (by Andrzej Wajda). From 1970 to 1974, she starred in the comedy series "Czterdziestolatek".

Janowska was born in 1923 in Warsaw, Poland. She came from a wealthy family. She was arrested on the night of 23 April 1942 for helping a Jewish family. She was imprisoned for 7 months in Pawiak in Warsaw. She was a member of the Warsaw Uprising.

In 1963, she married fencer Wojciech Zabłocki.

Janowska died on 13 November 2017 in Warsaw from Alzheimer's disease, aged 94.

Justice Party (India)

The Justice Party, officially the South Indian Liberal Federation, was a political party in the Madras Presidency of British India. It was established in 1917 by T. M. Nair and P. Theagaraya Chetty as a result of a series of non-Brahmin conferences and meetings in the presidency. Communal division between Brahmins and non-Brahmins began in the presidency during the late-19th and early-20th century, mainly due to caste prejudices and too much Brahminical representation in government jobs.
In 1920, it won the first direct elections in the presidency and formed the government. For the next seventeen years, it formed four out of the five ministries and was in power for thirteen years. It was the main political alternative to the nationalist Indian National Congress in Madras. After it lost to the Congress in the 1937 election, it never recovered. It came under the leadership of Periyar E. V. Ramaswamy and his Self-Respect Movement. In 1944, Periyar transformed the Justice Party into the social organisation Dravidar Kazhagam and withdrew it from electoral politics. A rebel faction that called itself the original Justice Party, contested one final election, in 1952.
The Justice Party was isolated in Indian politics by its many controversial activities. It opposed Brahmins in civil service and politics, and this anti-Brahmin attitude shaped many of its ideas and policies. It opposed Annie Besant and her Home rule movement, because it believed home rule would benefit the Brahmins. The party campaigned against the non-cooperation movement in the presidency. It disagreed with M. K. Gandhi, primarily due to his praise for Brahminism. Its mistrust of the Brahmin–dominated Congress led it to be hostile toward the Indian independence movement. Although it professed to represent all non-Brahmins, the Justice Party eventually lost the support of Muslims and Untouchables, who accused it of serving the interests of only a few castes like Vellalars (Mudaliars, Pillais), Balija Naidus, Beri Chettis, Kapus and Kammas.

The Justice Party's power period is remembered for the introduction of caste-based reservations, and educational and religious reform. In opposition it is remembered for participating in the anti-Hindi agitations of 1937–40. The party was responsible for creating Andhra and Annamalai universities and for developing the area around present-day Theagaroya Nagar in Madras city.


List of scientists from Africa

This is a list of scientists from Africa.



















List of scientists from the Middle East









List of scientists from Asia

This is a list of scientists from Asia.























List of scientists from Europe

This is a list of scientists from Europe.










































List of scientists from North America

This is a list of scientists from North America 














B. V. Radha

Bengaluru Vijaya Radha (August 1948 – 10 September 2017) was an Indian actress and movie producer. Starting her career in the 1964 movie "Navakoti Narayana". She went on to play mostly supporting roles in over 300 movie, 250 of which were in Kannada, and the rest in Tamil, Telugu, Malayalam, Tulu and Hindi. She was born in Bangalore, Mysore State, India.

Radha died of a heart attack on 10 September 2017 in Bangalore at the age of 69.

Nancy Dupree

Nancy Hatch Dupree (; October 3, 1927 – September 10, 2017) was an American-Afghan historian whose work primarily focused on the history of modern Afghanistan.

Dupree went to Barnard College and Columbia University to study Chinese.

Dupree was the director of the Afghanistan Center at Kabul University in Afghanistan and author of five books that she compiled while studying the history of Afghanistan from 1962 until the late 1970s.

Michael Friedman (composer)

Michael Friedman (September 24, 1975 – September 9, 2017) was an American composer and lyricist. He was a founding associate artist of The Civilians. He received a 2007 Obie award for excellence. His musical "Bloody Bloody Andrew Jackson" opened on Broadway in October 2010. He was born in Boston, Massachusetts, but was raised in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.

Friedman was openly gay.

Friedman died on September 9, 2017 in Manhattan, New York from complications of AIDS at the age of 41.


Frank Aarebrot

Frank Henrik Aarebrot (19 January 1947 – 9 September 2017) was a Norwegian political scientist. He was born in Bergen, Norway. He was professor of comparative politics at the University of Bergen and adjunct professor of democracy development at the Örebro University. He regularly lectured at Institut des Sciences Politiques and at the Humboldt University. Aarebrot has written 69 books on the democratisation of Europe, following the fall of the Berlin Wall. In Norway, Aarebrot was known as a political commentator.

Aarebrot died in Bergen from heart surgery-related problems for a heart attack he suffered on 9 September 2017 at the age of 70.

Solomon Efimovich Shulman

Solomon Efimovich Shulman (January 20, 1936 – September 6, 2017), also known as Sol Shulman and Semion Shulman, was a Belarusian author, screenwriter, movie director and adventurer. He was the writer of more than forty documentary movies, five feature movie scripts, plus a host of literary and publicist works, published in many countries worldwide. His best known book was "Power and Destiny". His movies include "In Broad Daylight", "On the Slopes of Elbruce" and "In Ancient Khiv".

Shulman died on September 6, 2017 in Melbourne, Australia of heart failure, aged 81.

Nick Theodore

Nick Andrew Theodore (born September 16, 1928) is an American politician. He was a State representative from 1963-66 and 1970-78, a South Carolina state senator from 1967-68 and from 1981-86, and the 85th Lieutenant Governor of South Carolina from 1987 to 1995. 

Theodore is a member of the Democratic Party.

W. Brantley Harvey Jr.

William Brantley Harvey Jr. (August 14, 1930 – December 12, 2018) was an American lawyer and politician. He was elected to the South Carolina House of Representatives as a Democrat in 1958, and served until 1975, when he was installed as Lieutenant Governor of South Carolina. He served in that position until 1983. 

Harvey later served on the South Carolina Commission of Parks, Recreation and Tourism, as well as the South Carolina Department of Transportation.

Harvey died on December 12, 2018 in Beaufort, South Carolina at the age of 88.

Hugh Leatherman

Hugh K. Leatherman Sr. (April 14, 1931 – November 12, 2021) was an American Republican politician. He was a member of the South Carolina Senate, from 1981 until his death. He was the Chairman of the Senate Finance Committee, Leatherman and sat on the state's Budget and Control Board. 

He was President Pro Tempore of the South Carolina Senate for all but one day from 2014 through 2019.

On October 22, 2021, it was announced that Leatherman was in hospice care in Florence, South Carolina for colorectal cancer. He died from the disease on November 12, 2021 at the age of 90.


HIV Drug Resistance Database

HIV Drug Resistance Database, also named "Stanford HIV RT and Protease Sequence Database" is a database at Stanford University that shows 93 versions of HIV. The latest list uses data from other laboratories in Europe, Canada and the United States including more than 15,000 pieces of data.


History of the sword

The different types of swords have been of great importance throughout history. In addition to its use as a weapon, the sword has been the object of special considerations forming part of funerary rituals, mythology and other ancient traditions.

The present chronology includes diverse and relatively uneven documents. The need to group them into a single list responds to the desire of simplicity.

The manufacturing process was that the bronze swords were cast into moulds, heated to a certain temperature and allowed to cool slowly. Finally they were cold hammered (hitting them with a hammer on an anvil) to increase hardness.





Shafiul Islam Mohiuddin

Shafiul Islam Mohiuddin is a Bangladeshi Business leader. He is the President of Federation of Bangladesh Chambers of Commerce and Industries (FBCCI). He led the Ready-Made Garment (RMG) sector of the country over thirty years and became the President of Bangladesh Garment Manufacturers and Exporters Association (BGMEA), the largest export earning sector of the country.

Md. Shafiul Islam (Mohiuddin) obtained B.Com (Hon’s) and M.Com degree in Accountancy from University of Dhaka.

Mohiuddin involve with RMG sector of the country over thirty years. He entered garment industry in 1992 by establishing Onus Apparel Ltd. Since he started his export oriented garments industry named Onus Group, the largest export earning sector of the country. He has also successfully diversified his business in other business sectors like Garment Accessories, Real Estate, Shipping, Fishing, Trawler, Dredging, Solar Energy, Auto Bricks, Handicrafts, etc. He has currently employed over six thousand people in his business group. He is the Director of Trustee Board, BGMEA University of Fashion and Technology (BUFT). He is also the Vice President of Society for Anti addiction Movement (SAAM), Centre of Excellence for Bangladesh Apparel Industry (CEBAI) and Rugby Federation, Director of Mohammedan Sporting Club Limited, Director of BGMEA Apparel Club.

Mohiuddin is married to Leesa Khalid Islam. They have three daughters puspo Islam Mohiuddin Simran, Taina Islam Mohiuddin, Isabela Islam Mohiuddin and one son Ramiz Islam Mohiuddin.

Kunwar Singh

Kunwar Singh (13 November 1777 – 26 April 1858) belonged to a royal Ujjainiya Rajput house of Jagdispur, which is currently a part of Bhojpur district, Bihar, India. During the Indian Rebellion of 1857 he led soldiers against the troops of the British East India Company. He was the chief organizer of the fight against the British in Bihar.

The Republic of India issued a commemorative stamp on 23 April 1966. The Kunwar Singh University in Arrah is named after him.

Gadi Eizenkot

Gadi Eizenkot, Hebrew: גדי איזנקוט, (born May 19, 1960 in Tiberias) has been the Chief of General Staff ("Ramatkal") of the Israel Defense Forces (IDF) since February 16, 2015.

Eizenkot has the rank of lieutenant general ("rav aluf").

He has been an Israeli soldier since 1978. He commanded the following units: the Northern Command, the Golani Brigade, the Judea and Samaria Division, and the Operations Directive. In between he was military secretary to prime minister Ehud Barak from 1999 to 2001.

He fought in several wars, like the 1982 Lebanon War, the 2006 Lebanon War and the Gaza War.

Eizenkot is a Maghrebic Jew (he is of Jewish-Moroccan descent). During his youth he lived in Eilat. He studied history at Tel Aviv University and political science at Haifa University. He also studied at the United States Army War College.

He is married with five children, and lives in Herzliya.


Chabana

Chabana (茶花, literally "tea flowers"), is a general word used in the Japanese language, for the arrangement of flowers at a Japanese tea ceremony. The flowers are not arranged in any special way, the method for arranging these flowers is known as "thrown in". 

This style of flower arranging is recognised as a particular type of Ikebana (生け花, "arranging flowers"), also known as Kādo (華道, the "way of flowers"), which has its beginnings in Buddhist flower offerings.

Chabana in particular, refers to a flower display for the room where the tea ceremony is to be held, the Chashitsu (茶室, literally "tea rooms").

Tatya Tope

Tatya Tope also spelled Tantia Tope (16 February 1814 — 18 April 1859), was an Indian freedom fighter. He was a General in the Indian Rebellion of 1857. His full name is Ramachandra Pandurang Tope.

Tope was a close associate of Nana Saheb. Tope and Sahib led the Indian forces in the Siege of Cawnpore. The British East India Company surrendered and were told they could have safe passage. But they were attacked by Indian forces and all but 210 women and children were killed.

He fought valiantly against the British in 1857. He was very loyal to Nana Sahib.

Notes

Single non-transferable vote

The single non-transferable vote (often Abbreviated to S.N.T.V.) is an electoral system for multiple member electoral districts. It is an electoral system which can produce an proportional result but it will depend on the district's magnitude (the number of representatives in the electoral district) if there is more members in each electoral district the more proportional the result will be. In many cases the single non-transferable vote has been replaced by other voting systems. 

In certain cases S.N.T.V. is thought to be similar to Plurality-at-large voting, commonly refereed as Bloc Voting, but is different because in S.N.T.V electors are only allowed to vote for one candidate but in Plurality-at-large voting the voter have as many votes as there are seats to win. 

This example has three winners in the electoral district
Today there are very few places which use the Single Non Transferable Vote: 


Green fluorescent protein

Green florescent protein (GFP) is a protein that is found in moon jellyfish. It helps scientists look at cell molecules. There is another substance the is called RFP that serves the same purpose but is red, and is found in coral.

For GFP scientists have learned that if you take away one molecule it can change the whole color of the substance, along with if you add a molecule to the original substance it will also change the color. Scientists have made the colors cyan (ECFP) and pink (mRaspberry). The GFP is a florescent substance that is kind of like a highlighter.

Helen Foster Snow

Helen Foster Snow (September 21, 1907 – January 11, 1997) was an American journalist. She lived in China in the 1930s.

Helen Foster was born in Cedar City, Utah. She grew up in the The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church). Her parents were John Moody Foster and Hannah Davis. They met while working as teachers at Ricks Academy, a school connected with the LDS Church. Hannah went to school at Ricks Academy. John went to Stanford University. Both of Helen's parents were the children of Mormon pioneers. The pioneers came to Utah in the mid-1800s.

When Helen was young, the Foster family moved a lot. After Helen was born, the Fosters moved to Chicago so John could go to law school. Many years later, the family moved back to Idaho. Moving a lot made Helen more outgoing. She cared about what her new classmates thought of her. Because she was the oldest child and only daughter of the family, she had to help a lot as the family grew. She often worked with her mother to care for her three younger brothers and do chores. This was needed even more when the Fosters did not have a lot of money.

Helen moved to Salt Lake City when she started high school. She lived with her grandmother and aunt. She went to West High School and did many school activities. She worked on the school's yearbook. She was the student vice president of her senior class. Helen planned to go to college at Stanford, like her father. But the cost of school was too much for her parents. Helen said her parents thought that girls could only get married. They thought it was a waste of money for her to go to school. But Helen's father did pay for her to go to the University of Utah. She went to school there for many years, but she did not graduate.

Instead of going to school, Helen worked. She got a job as a secretary for the Utah chapter (a part of a large group in one area) of the American Silver Mining Commission. While working there, she learned that she wanted to work in other countries. She also dreamed of writing her own "great American novel". Helen took the civil service exam and passed. First, she wanted to work in Europe. But there were no places open for her to work in civil service in Europe. Her boss had a connection in China. This helped Helen get a job with the president of an American company in Shanghai. In August 1931, Helen moved to Asia with hopes of becoming a writer.

Aldus Manutius

Aldus Pius Manutius (ca. 1452 – February 6, 1515) was a person who printed books in Venice, Italy during the Italian Renaissance. He started a company to print books called the Aldine Press in 1494. He was one of the first people to use modern printing ideas. He also printed small books that were easy to carry. 

Manutius was born in Bassiano, in the Papal States, in what is now the province of Latina, about 100 km south of Rome. He was born during the Italian Renaissance period. His family was well off, and in the early 1470s Manutius was sent to Rome to be taught as a scholar of human society and culture. He studied Latin under Gaspare da Verona and was also taught by Domizio Calderini. In 1475–1478 he studied Greek in Ferrara, under Guarino da Verona.

Manutius became a citizen of the town Carpi in March 1480. In 1482 he went to live in Mirandola with his old friend and fellow student, Giovanni Pico, while staying away from the Venetian army. He lived there for two years, learning about Greek literature. Before Pico moved to Florence, he made Manutius the teacher to his sister's sons, Alberto and Leonello Pio, who were young royal sons of the town of Carpi. In Carpi, Manutius grew close with his student, Alberto Pio. At the end of the 1480s Manutius created two works addressed to his two students and their mother, Caterina Pico. Both works were printed by Baptista de Tortis in Venice — "Musarum panagyris" with its "Epistola Catherinae Piae", March/May 1487 – March 1491 and the "Paraenesis", 1490. This would serve as Manutius's start in publishing.

In 1494 Manutius made the Aldine Press in Venice. The Aldine Press printed its first material in February 1495. Pier Francesco Barbarigo owned half of the Aldine Press. Andrea Torresani owned the other half. Manutius shared part of what Torresani owned with him. Aldus Manutius wanted to save ancient Greek literature. He wanted to make it so that everybody could read what the Greeks had written a very long time ago. He did this by printing copies of things they had written. He wanted to make the letters he used in printing to look like the handwriting of Latin and Greek humanists. People in Venice usually wrote in curly connected letters. Printing presses only used square looking letters back then. By making letters that were all connected and curly, Manutius could make the things he printed more personal. Manutius paid Francesco Griffo of Bologna to make the new letters used in the printing press. The letters that Griffo made were used to print Cardinal Pietro Bembo's "De Aetna" in 1495. These letters were also the first model of italic type. The letters were used until 1501.

Samuel Brannan

Samuel Brannan (March 2, 1819 – May 5, 1889) was an American businessman. He was a member of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. He started the first newspaper in San Francisco, which was called "The California Star". He was the first person to tell everyone about the gold in California during the California Gold Rush. He was also the first person millionaire of the Gold Rush

Brannan moved to Yerba Buena, a place in northern California. He talked with the people who lived there and decided that the land by the Sacramento River would be a safe place for the Mormons to live. A lot of people didn't agree with him, so the new city didn't work. Brannan was the first person to do a lot of things there, like building a flour mill (a place that makes bread) and teaching in English.

Brannan started the first newspaper in San Francisco, which was called "The" "California Star", on January 9, 1847. Brannan sold the newspaper to a friend, and then it was called "The Daily Alta California".

In June 1847, Brannan went to Green River, Wyoming, to meet with Brigham Young, who was the head of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. Young was leading a group of Mormons to the Great Basin area. Brannan wanted Young to bring the Mormons to California, but Young wanted to stay in Utah. Brannan wasn't happy about that, and went back to California. Brannan was the only church leader in California, so the Mormons paid him their tithes (a small part of their money). But there is no record of Brannan sending the money to his church leaders in Utah, so it's possible that he kept it for himself. Many members stopped paying him and moved to the Salt Lake valley, where most of the other Mormons were.

René Laurentin

Father René Laurentin (October 19, 1917 – September 10, 2017) was a French theologian. He was born in Tours, France.

Laurentin was known as an expert in the field of Mariology and is the author of numerous books and scholarly articles on topics including Marian apparitions such as Lourdes and Medjugorje; visionaries and mystics including Bernadette Soubirous, Thérèse de Lisieux, Catherine Labouré, and Yvonne Aimée de Malestroit; as well as biblical exegesis, theology, and Vatican II.


Don Ohlmeyer

Donald Winfred "Don" Ohlmeyer Jr. (February 3, 1945 – September 10, 2017) was an American television producer and president of the NBC network's west coast division. He was born in New Orleans, Louisiana. He was a professor of television communications at Pepperdine University in Malibu, California. He served as ombudsman for ESPN.com for 18 months; that term ended in January 2011.

Ohlmeyer died in Indian Wells, California on September 10, 2017 of cancer at the age of 72.


Len Wein

Len Wein (; June 12, 1948 – September 10, 2017) was an American comic book writer and editor. He was born in New York City, New York.

Wein was best known for co-creating DC Comics' Swamp Thing and Marvel Comics' Wolverine, and for helping revive the Marvel superhero team the X-Men (including the co-creation of Nightcrawler, Storm, and Colossus).

Additionally, he was the editor for writer Alan Moore and illustrator Dave Gibbons' influential DC miniseries "Watchmen".

Wein was added into the Will Eisner Comic Book Hall of Fame in 2008.

Wein died of a heart attack on September 10, 2017 in Los Angeles, California at the age of 69.


Thomas Morrow Reavley

Thomas Morrow Reavley (June 21, 1921 – December 1, 2020) was an American judge. He served as Senior United States Circuit Judge of the United States Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit from July 13, 1979 until his death. He was nominated by President Jimmy Carter.

Reavley was born in Quitman, Texas. He studied at University of Texas, Austin, at Harvard University and at the University of Virginia. He was in the United States Navy from 1942 to 1946. Reavley was married to fellow Fifth Circuit judge Carolyn Dineen King from 2004 until his death.

Reavley died on December 1, 2020 in Houston, aged 99.


Frosinone

Frosinone is a city and a "comune" in the Lazio region of Central Italy, the capital of the province of Frosinone. The city is about southeast of Rome.

The "comune" of Frosinone has an area of and its altitude is above sea level.

The "comune" borders with the "comuni" Alatri, Arnara, Ceccano, Ferentino, Patrica, Supino, Torrice, Veroli.

The following "frazioni" (hamlets) are part of the "comune" of Frosinoneː Capo Barile Nicolia, Cerreto, Cinque Vie, Colle Cannuccio, Farnito, Fontana Grande, Impratessa, La Cervona, Lago Maniano, Le Noci, Le Pignatelle, Le Rase, Pratillo, San Liberatore, Selva Dei Muli, Valle Contessa, Vetiche I.

, there are 46,120 persons (22,004 males and 24,116 females) living in the "comune", for a population density of inhabitants/km².

Frosinone is twinned with:




Robert J. Cenker

Robert Joseph "Bob" Cenker (born November 5, 1948) is an American engineer, and former astronaut. In January 1986, Cenker was a crew member on the seventh flight of Space Shuttle "Columbia". Cenker was a type of astronaut called a Payload Specialist.

This mission was the final flight before the Challenger explosion, which ended the Space Shuttle program until 1988. As a result, Cenker's mission was called "The End of Innocence" for the Shuttle.

Following the end of his space mission, Cenker returned to work as an engineer, and also makes appearances for NASA.

Cenker was born on November 5, 1948, and raised near Uniontown, Pennsylvania. He started his education at St. Fidelis College Seminary in Herman, Pennsylvania, leaving in 1962. He later attended Uniontown Joint Senior High School and graduated in 1966.

Cenker enrolled at Penn State University in 1970 where he earned a Bachelor of Science degree in aerospace engineering. He continued his studies at Penn State and earned a Master of Science degree in 1973, also in aerospace engineering. Cenker earned a second Master of Science (M Sc.) degree in Electrical Engineering from Rutgers University in 1977.

Cenker worked for 18 years at RCA Astro-Electronics and its successor company GE Astro Space. Cenker worked on hardware design and systems design concerning satellite attitude control. He also worked on in-orbit operations, as well as spacecraft assembly, test control, and pre-launch operations. He spent two years on the Navy navigation satellite program, but spent most of his career working on commercial communications satellites.

Cenker's positions included integration and test manager for the Satcom D and E spacecraft, where he was responsible for all launch site activities. He also served as spacecraft bus manager on the Spacenet/GStar programs. He was responsible for ensuring the spacecraft bus could interface with multiple rockets, including the Delta, Space Shuttle, and Ariane launch vehicles.

As an incentive for a spacecraft owner to contract with NASA to use a Shuttle launch instead of an unmanned, commercial launch system, NASA permitted contracting companies to apply for a Payload Specialist seat on the same mission. When RCA contracted with NASA to launch Satcom Ku-1, RCA Astro-Electronics' manager of systems engineering for the Satcom-K program Bob Cenker, and his co-worker Gerard Magilton, were selected to train as Payload Specialists.

Cenker and Magilton trained with career astronauts as well as other Payload and Mission Specialists, including those scheduled for the next scheduled flight, that of the "Challenger" mission, STS-51-L.

This flight of "Columbia" was originally scheduled to occur in August 1985, but the timeline slipped. In July 1985 the payload was finalized to include the RCA satellite, and Cenker was assigned to the mission, now designated as STS-61-C. Magilton was assigned as the back-up.Prior to its successful launch, "Columbia" had several aborted launch attempts, including one on January 6 which was "one of the most hazardous in the shuttle’s operational history" to that point, as well as a near-catastrophic abort three days later. Referring to the January 9 abort, pilot Charlie Bolden later stated that it “...would have been catastrophic, because the engine would have exploded had we launched.” 

"Columbia" ultimately launched and achieved orbit on January 12, 1986, with a full crew of seven. Along with Cenker, the crew included Robert L. "Hoot" Gibson, future NASA Administrator Charles F. Bolden, George D. Nelson, Steven A. Hawley, Franklin R. Chang-Diaz, and US Representative Bill Nelson.

During the six-day mission, January 12–18, Cenker performed a variety of physiological tests, operated a primary experiment – an infrared imaging camera – and assisted with the deployment of RCA Americom's Satcom Ku-1 satellite, the primary mission objective. Satcom K-1 was deployed nearly 10 hours into the mission, and Satcom later reached its geostationary “slot” at 85 degrees West longitude where it remained operational until April 1997, the last major commercial satellite deployed by the space shuttle program.

In a 2014 video of the "Tell Me a Story" series titled "Close My Eyes & Drift Away", posted to the Kennedy Space Center Visitor Complex YouTube channel, Cenker tells a humorous story regarding a zero-g sleeping problem that he faced on his mission.

The next Shuttle launch, ten days after the return of "Columbia," resulted in the destruction of "Challenger" with the loss of all aboard, including Cenker's counterpart from Hughes Aircraft, civilian crew member and Payload Specialist Greg Jarvis. Accordingly, commander Gibson later called the STS-61-C mission "The End of Innocence" for the Shuttle Program.

Following the Challenger disaster, the shuttle fleet was grounded until 1988. Even after Shuttle missions resumed, civilian Payload Specialists like Cenker were excluded until the Payload Specialist program was reinstated on December 2, 1990 when Samuel T. Durrance, an Applied Physics Laboratory astrophysicist and Ronald A. Parise, a Computer Sciences Corporation astronomer, flew aboard STS-35. By that time, RCA had been purchased by General Electric, and RCA Astro-Electronics became part of GE. Following two additional ownership transitions, the facility was closed in 1998. As a result, Cenker was the only RCA Astro-Electronics employee, and only employee in the history of the facility under all of its subsequent names, to ever fly in space.

NASA's Payload Specialist program has been criticized for giving limited Shuttle flight positions to civilian aerospace engineers such as Cenker and Greg Jarvis (killed aboard "Challenger"), politicians such as Bill Nelson, and others civilians such as Teacher in Space Christa McAuliffe (also killed aboard "Challenger"). Even the flight of former Mercury astronaut and US Senator John Glenn was questioned. The concern was that these people had replaced career astronauts in very limited flight opportunities, and some may have flown without fully understanding the level of danger involved in a Shuttle mission.

Following the completion of his shuttle mission, Cenker returned to work in the civilian aerospace field. Cenker's last two years with RCA Astro-Electronics and it's successor GE Astro Space were spent as Manager of Payload Accommodations on an EOS spacecraft program. After leaving GE, Cenker served as a consultant for various aerospace companies regarding micro-gravity research, and spacecraft design, assembly and flight operations. Cenker supported systems engineering and systems architecture studies for various spacecraft projects, including smallsats, military communications satellites, and large, assembled-in-orbit platforms. His contributions included launch vehicle evaluation and systems engineering support for Motorola on Iridium, and launch readiness for the Globalstar constellation. Other efforts include systems engineering and operations support for INTELSAT on Intelsat K and Intelsat VIII, for AT&T on Telstar 401 and 402, for Fairchild-Matra on SPAS III, for Martin Marietta on Astra 1B, BS-3N, ACTS, and for the Lockheed Martin Series 7000 communications satellites.

Cenker continues to make periodic public appearances representing NASA and the shuttle astronaut program, including one at the Kennedy Space Center in March 2017.

In 2017, Cenker's STS-61C crewmate former US Senator Bill Nelson spoke at a session of the US House of Representatives. In an address, titled "Mission to Mars and Space Shuttle Flight 30th Anniversary", he read into the Congressional Record the details of the mission of STS-61C, as well as the names and function of each crew member including Cenker.

Bob Cenker is married to Barbara Ann Cenker; they have two sons and a daughter.


Richard Petty Motorsports

Richard Petty Motorsports is a NASCAR team that is owned by Richard Petty. They currently field the #43 Chevrolet Camaro for driver Darrell Wallace Jr. in the Monster Energy NASCAR Cup Series.

Joe Gibbs Racing

Joe Gibbs Racing is a professional NASCAR team owned by former Washington Redskins coach Joe Gibbs. Their current drivers are Denny Hamlin, Kyle Busch, Daniel Suarez, and Matt Kenseth.

AFL Grand Final

The AFL Grand Final is a football match (Australian Rules Football) held between the teams who won in the Preliminary Final the week before. This match normally takes place at the MCG on the last Saturday of September. The winner of this match is crowned as the best team of the season and gets the Premiership Cup.

Girl Guides

Today, about 10 million girls around the world are in an organization called Girl Guides. It started over 100 years ago. Around 1907 in England, Robert Baden-Powell started an organization called Boy Scouts. He taught boys how to camp and live outdoors. In 1909, Baden-Powell held a big event for Boy Scouts. Many girls said they wanted to join, too. Baden-Powell wanted to have boys and girls in different groups, so he started Girl Guides that year. In 1910, his younger sister Agnes became the leader. The girls learned how to camp, and they also learned how to take care of children. By 1912, there were Girl Guides in many other countries such as Australia, Denmark, and the United States. All Girl Guides learn a lot about life and things that are not taught at school. They have special rules about the way to live. They have to try and do something nice for someone else every day. When something bad happens, they must be strong. They must be ready for anything, so their slogan is "Be Prepared." In 1926, leaders of the Girl Guides from around the world met in a town in New York. At the meeting, they decided to make a special day for Girl Guides in all countries. They chose February 22 because it was the birthday of Robert Baden-Powell. It is called World Thinking Day. Now, on this day every year, Girl Guides around the world celebrate with special events and study about other countries and cultures.


Tanjore District (Madras Presidency)

Tanjore District was one of the districts in the erstwhile Madras Presidency of British India. It covered the area of the present-day districts of Thanjavur, Tiruvarur and Nagapattinam and the Aranthangi taluk of Pudukkottai District in Tamil Nadu.Thanjavur was a centre of Chola cultural heritage and one of the richest and most prosperous districts in Madras Presidency.

Tanjore district was constituted in 1799 when the Thanjavur Maratha ruler Serfoji II ceded most of his kingdom to the British East India Company in return for his restitution on the throne. Tanjore district, which is situated on the Cauvery Delta, is one of the richest rice-growing regions in South India. It was scarcely affected by famines such as the Great Famine of 1876–78.
Tanjore District covered a total area of 9,600 square kilometres (3,710 sq mi). It had a population of 2,245,029 in 1901. The population density was 234 inhabitants per square kilometre (605/sq mi). As per the 1901 census statistics, Tanjore was the fifth most populous district in the Madras Presidency and the second most densely populated after Madras city.

According to the 1901 census, 91 percent of the population was Hindu, 5 percent Muslim and 4 percent Christian. Among Hindus, Paraiyars (310,391), Vanniyars (235,406), Vellalars (212,168), Kallars (188,463), Pallars (159,855), Valaiyars (137,216), and Brahmins (118,882) were the most numerous. Kallars were mainly found in the western part of Tanjore and Pattukkottai taluks. Tanjore had the third highest Brahmin population in the Madras Presidency (more than 6%) after South Canara and Ganjam and the highest among the Tamil-speaking districts. Most of the Muslims were Marakkayars or Labbais and concentrated in Kumbakonam taluk where they formed the majority in the towns of Ayyampettai, Rajagiri and Pandaravadai apart from Koothanallur in Mannargudi taluk. They were also found in large numbers in the Negapatam and Pattukkottai taluks. More than a third of the total Christian population of the district lived in Tanjore taluk. There were a total of about 600 Jains chiefly concentrated in the Tanjore and Mannargudi taluks.The chief Muslim places of worship were located in Tanjore and Muttupet apart from the Nagore dargah.

Tamil was spoken as mother tongue by an overwhelming majority of the population while Telugu was spoken by about 3%. Other languages spoken include Marathi (13,651) and Saurashtrian or Patnuli.

Maghrebi Jews

Maghrebi Jews "/ Maghrebic Jews / Maghrebim" are Jews who live(d) in the Maghreb countries. Many Maghrebi Jews have a Sephardic background.


Mannargudi taluk

Mannargudi taluk is a taluk in Thiruvarur district of the Indian state of Tamil Nadu.The headquarters of the taluk is the town of Mannargudi.

According to the 2011 census, the taluk of Mannargudi had a population of 308,059 with 152,132 males and 155,927 females. There were 1025 women for every 1000 men. The taluk had a literacy rate of 75.15. Child population in the age group below 6 was 13,403 Males and 12,729 Females.

Viduthalai Chiruthaigal Katchi

Viduthalai Chiruthaigal Katchi is a in Tamil Nadu, India.Its chairman is Thol. Thirumavalavan, a lawyer from Chennai.The party's main principle is the abolition of the Hindu caste system and the institution of equality among Tamil people. The political party believes that true social equality lies in the unification of scheduled castes and scheduled tribes, Other Backward Classes, and minorities such as the Christians and Muslims of Tamil Nadu.The Party is against capitalism, caste domination, and Brahminism.
Viduthalai Chiruthaigal Party is one among the parties along with Marumalarchi Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam and Paataali Makkal katchi which Campaigned against government liquor shops of Tamil Nadu popularly known as TASMAC.
The main aim of the party is to abolish the differences among Tamil people and to lift up the economically weaker sections of society. The party supported the freedom movement of Tamil people in Tamil Eelam, as well as the security of Tamil people living abroad.The party also declared that Mahinda Rajapaksa should be charged with war crimes for the alleged assassination of thousands of innocent Tamil people during war against the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam.

The Political party is accused of extra promoting Tamil nationalism and supporting Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam which is banned in India.Although major Tamil political parties DMK and ADMK both are accused for indirectly supporting LTTE, VCK is accused of supporting LTTE leader Prabakaran openly in its party posters. It is alleged that LTTE involved in the assassination of Former Indian prime minister Rajiv Gandhi.VCK Party is demanding release of the Rajiv Gandhi murder accusers along with major Tamil parties like NTK,MDMK,PMK,SMK,AIADMK and DMK.VCK Party also celebrated the birth day of Slain LTTE Leader Prabakaran along with other Tamil parties.

Patrick Kennedy

Patrick Kennedy (February 16, 1823 – November 22, 1858) was an Irish farmer, businessman, and politician who moved to East Boston, Massachusetts from County Wexford, Ireland. He was born in New Ross, Ireland. He was the father of businessman/politician P. J. Kennedy (1858-1929), the grandfather of businessman/politician Joseph P. Kennedy, Sr. (1888-1969), and the great-grandfather of President John F. Kennedy (1917-1963).

Patrick Kennedy was the youngest son of farmer James Kennedy Sr. (1770-1840), and Maria Maiden (1779-1836).

At the age of 26, Kennedy decided to leave Ireland, largely because he knew that a third-born son had virtually no hope of running his family's farm. His good friend at Cherry Bros. Brewery in New Ross, Patrick Barron, who taught Kennedy the skills of coopering, had come to that conclusion months earlier and left for America. In October 1848, Patrick Kennedy decided to follow. Patrick Kennedy arrived in Boston on April 22, 1849, having sailed from Liverpool, England on the Washington Irving, a substantial packet ship from the East Boston yard of Donald McKay. Patrick Barron helped settle him into Boston life and organized his coopering job on Noddle's Island (present-day East Boston). Not long after, Barron's cousin Bridget Murphy (1821-1888), who was the daughter of Phillip Murphy (1771-1850) and Mary Barron (1776-1846), made her way to Boston. She and Kennedy were married in the Holy Redeemer Church on September 26, 1849, by Father John Williams, who later became Boston's Roman Catholic Archbishop.

Patrick and Bridget had five children:

Patrick Kennedy died on November 22, 1858, from tuberculosis at age 35.

List of Romanian scientists

This is a list of notable Romanian scientists.




List of scientists from Oceania

This is a list of scientists from Oceania.









Ehud Barak

Ehud Barak, born as "Ehud Brog", Hebrew: אהוד ברק , (born in February 12, 1942 in Mishmar HaSharon) is a former Israeli general and politician. He was a member of HaAvoda (Labor Party) till 2011.

Barak was Prime Minister of Israel from 1999 to 2001.

He was also the Chief of General Staff from 1991 to 1995, minister of foreign affairs from 1995 to 1996, and minister of defense from 2007 to 2013.

He studied physics, mathematics and economics at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem and Stanford University.


RAS syndrome

RAS syndrome is when someone repeats a part of an acronym after using the acronym, such as ATM machine. 

Heiwiller

Heiwiller is a commune. It is in the Haut-Rhin department of eastern France.

Cajibio, Cauca

Cajibio is a municipality in the Cauca Department, Colombia.

Xavier Atencio

Francis Xavier Atencio, also known as X Atencio (September 4, 1919 – September 10, 2017), was an American animator and Imagineer for The Walt Disney Company. Atencio served as a photo interpreter in the U.S. Army Air Forces from 1941 to 1945 during World War II, reaching the rank of captain in the 2nd Photo Tech Squadron. Stationed in England, he was part of team that would analyze aerial surveillance for military intelligence.

Atencio retired from The Walt Disney Company in 1984 and was named a Disney Legend in 1996.

Siegfried Köhler

Siegfried Köhler (July 30, 1923 in Freiburg im Breisgau – September 12, 2017 in Wiesbaden) was a German conductor and composer of classical music. He worked as general music director of opera houses such as Hessisches Staatstheater Wiesbaden and the Royal Swedish Opera. He conducted premieres of works by Hans Werner Henze and Volker David Kirchner, among others, and revived rarely performed operas. He also composed music for the stage and taught at universities of music in Cologne and Saarbrücken.

António Francisco dos Santos

António Francisco dos Santos (21 February 1948 – 11 September 2017) was a Roman Catholic bishop.

He was ordain to the priesthood in 1972, dos served as auxiliary bishop of the Archbishop of Braga, Portugal, from 2004 to 2006. He then served as bishop of the Diocese of Aviero from 2006 to 2014 and as bishop of the Diocese of Porto from 2014 until his death.

dos Santos died of a heart attack in Porto, Portugal on 11 September 2017 at the age of 69.

Alfred Gadenne

Alfred Gadenne (31 January 1946 in Luingne – 11 September 2017 in Luingne) was a Belgian politician. He was a member of the Centre démocrate humaniste and Mayor of Mouscron in Hainaut from 2006 until his death in September 2017.

Gadenne was found dead on 11 September 2017 at the age of 71 after having his throat slashed at a graveyard close to his home in Mouscron. Local news report a suspect had handed himself in to police. The suspect is an 18 years inhabitant of Mouscron. He murdered Gadenne because his father (a fireman) had committed suicide after being fired by Gadenne.

Gadenne was an alderman of Mouscron from 1982 to 2006.

He was also a member of the Parliament of Wallonia and the Parliament of the French Community from 2009 to 2014.

Liri

The Liri is one of the main rivers in central Italy that flows through the Abruzzo and Lazio regions. It flows into the Tyrrhenian Sea under the name Garigliano.

The Liri river has a length of ( as Garigliano), and a drainage basin with an area of approximately . The Liri-Garigliano system has a total drainage basin of .

The Liri river starts on the sides of the "Monte Camiciola", part of the "Monti Simbruini" of central Apennines, at an elevation of about , in the "comune" of Cappadocia, L'Aquila province, Abruzzo region.

It flows at first to the southeast through a long valley, parallel to the general direction of the Apennines, until it gets to the city of Sora. Before Isola del Liri "Liri Island"), the Liri is joined by the Fibreno river and then it divides into two branches which then rejoin, surrounding the lower part of the town. One branch makes a high waterfall.

A dam is built on the river after the confluence with the Sacco river, its main tributary, at Ceprano. The last important tributary of the Liri is the "Melfa", with which it joins near Aquino. The river forms the border between Lazio and Campania regions and, after Cassino, it joins the "Gari" river and then it is known as "Garigliano". After , the river flows into the Tyrrhenian Sea.

The Liri river flows through 2 regions and 2 provinces. It flows through the following "comuni", among others:

The main tributaries of the Liri river are:

Left tributaries:
Right tributaries:

Dawn redwood

The dawn redwood ("Metasequoia glyptostroboides") is a deciduous conifer that was discovered in 1941. It is native to some parts of China where people called it the "Water Fir". Although this fast-growing tree is planted around arboretums across the world, it is still endangered. It is in the family Cupressaceae.

Chennai Super Kings

The Chennai Super Kings (abbreviated as CSK) is a franchise cricket team standing for Chennai, Tamil Nadu (India), playing in the Indian Premier League (IPL). Founded in 2008, the team played its home matches at the M. A. Chidambaram Stadium in Chennai. On 14 July 2015, the Supreme Court appointed RM Lodha committee suspended the Super Kings from the IPL for a period of two years for the alleged involvement of their owners in the 2013 Indian Premier League betting case.Prior to the suspension, the team was captained by Mahendra Singh Dhoni and coached by Stephen Fleming.It has most fans in instagram around 12.9 million follwers.

The Super Kings had won the title Four in succession (2010, 2011and 2018,2021,2023).In 2010, they won the Champions League Twenty20 for the first time and repeated the feat in 2014. The leading run-scorer of the team is Suresh Raina, while the leading wicket-taker is Ravichandran Ashwin.CSK has most records of appearance in playoffs (12) and finals(10) The team has one of the strongest fan base in india. They are current defending champions

In September 2007, the Board of Control for Cricket in India (BCCI) announced the establishment of the Indian Premier League, a Twenty20 competition to be started in 2008.In January 2008, the BCCI unveiled the owners of eight city-based franchises. The Chennai franchise was sold to the India Cements for $91 million, making it the fourth most expensive team in the league behind Mumbai, Bangalore and Hyderabad.India Cements acquired the rights to the franchise for 10 years.

During the first player auctions for the inaugural IPL season conducted in January 2008, the Chennai franchise bought a number of contemporary star cricketers such as Mahendra Singh Dhoni, Matthew Hayden, Stephen Fleming, Muttiah Muralitharan and Michael Hussey. Dhoni became the costliest player of the auction, as the Chennai franchise bought him for $1.5 million.The franchise named Dhoni as the captain of the team and appointed Kepler Wessels as the head coach.They played their first game on 19 April 2008 against Kings XI Punjab at Mohali. The Super Kings won the game by 33 runs after posting 240/5 in 20 overs, which was the highest total of the tournament, a record surpassed by themselves in 2010.The Super Kings ended the league stage with eight wins from 14 games and finished third on the points table.They beat the Kings XI Punjab by 9 wickets in the semifinal.The Super Kings faced the Rajasthan Royals in the final of the IPL at Mumbai. Batting first, the Super Kings scored 163/5 in 20 overs and lost the game by 3 wickets off the final delivery of the match.

In 2009 season, The Super Kings finished with 17 points from 14 matches and earned a second place at the league table.However, at the semi-finals, their hopes of entering the final for a second time were crushed by the Royal Challengers who beat them by 6 wickets.The Super Kings opener Matthew Hayden, who scored 572 runs in 12 innings with 5 half-centuries at an average of 52 and strike-rate of 145, won the Orange Cap for the leading run-scorer of the season and was also adjudged Player of the Tournament.

In 2010, the Super Kings struggled in the first half of the regular season, winning only two matches out of seven. They won four of their next five games in the season mainly due to the efforts of Murali Vijay and Suresh Raina. After a defeat at home to the Delhi Daredevils, the Super Kings were left with a must-win match against Kings XI Punjab at Dharamsala. The Super Kings won the match by six wickets as they chased down the target of 193 with two balls to spare with skipper Dhoni scoring an unbeaten 54 from 29 balls.Chennai got the third place as they had the better net run rate of the four teams which finished on 14 points.In the semifinal, the Super Kings scored a modest 142/7 in 20 overs against the defending champions Deccan Chargers. But an inspired bowling spell from Doug Bollinger (4/13 in four overs) did the most damage as the Chargers were bowled out for 104. This gave the Super Kings a 38-run victory that took them to the final. The Super Kings faced the tournament favorites Mumbai Indians at their home ground in the final.Suresh Raina's 57 (35) helped the Super Kings recover from 68/3 after 12 overs to put up 168/5 at the end of their 20 overs. Then, their spin duo of Ravichandran Ashwin and Muralitharan conceded only 41 runs in the 8 overs bowled between them to help the Super Kings won the game by 22 runs and secure their first ever IPL title.With this, the Super Kings also qualified for the 2010 Champions League Twenty20 that was held in South Africa.

At the Champions League, the Super Kings were placed in Group A along with champions of Twenty20 competitions from Australia, South Africa, New Zealand and Sri Lanka. The Super Kings were at the top of the Group table with three wins and a Super Over defeat to the Victorian Bushrangers.In the semi-final at Durban, the Super Kings comprehensively defeated IPL rivals Royal Challengers Bangalore by 52 runs. Raina won the Man of the match for his unbeaten 94 off 48 balls.The Super Kings played their first CLT20 final at Johannesburg where they beat the Chevrolet Warriors by 8 wickets, becoming the first IPL team to win the CLT20. Murali Vijay won not only the Man of the Match in the final for his 58 but also the Golden Bat for scoring the most runs in the tournament and Ashwin, who was the leading wicket-taker, was adjudged the Player of the Series. At the end of the season, Matthew Hayden decided to retire from the IPL.

In 2011, as two new teams were added to the IPL, the IPL Governing Council declared that each franchise could retain a maximum of four players of their squad, only three of whom can be Indian players, and the rest of the international players would be put in the mega-auction. The Chennai franchise, keen to have the same set of core players, retained captain MS Dhoni, vice-captain Suresh Raina, Murali Vijay and all-rounder Albie Morkel for a total of $4.5 million. At the auction, they bought back some of their star players of previous seasons such as Hussey, Ashwin, Bollinger and Subramaniam Badrinath. In the 2011 IPL, they lost three of their first five games which placed them at the bottom of the ten-team points table.But then, they went on to win seven of their next eight games to finish second and register a spot in the knockout stages. They faced the top-ranked team Royal Challengers Bangalore in the Qualifying final which they won by 6 wickets thanks to an unbeaten 73 from Suresh Raina.
In the final, they faced the same opponents again, which was held at their home ground Chepauk. Vijay and Hussey put on a 133-run first-wicket partnership that helped the Super Kings to post a total of 205/5. Their bowlers, then, restricted Bangalore to only 147 to take the Super Kings to second consecutive title in the IPL. Vijay was awarded Man of the Match for his match-winning innings of 95.CSK also won all their home games that season becoming the first team in IPL to achieve the feat. However at the Champions League later that year, they won only one out of their four group matches and finished at the bottom.

In 2012, the franchise signed up Indian all-rounder Ravindra Jadeja for $2 million at the players' auction.They got off to a rather slow start in the regular season, winning only five of their first 12 games which put them in doubt of qualifying for the Playoffs. Then they won three of their last four matches and qualified for the Playoffs with a better net run rate than the Royal Challengers who also finished with the same number of points.In the Eliminator, they beat the Mumbai Indians by 38 runs before comprehensively beating the table-toppers Delhi Daredevils in the Qualifying final by 86 runs. Murali Vijay, who struck his second IPL hundred (113 off 58 balls), won the Man of the Match.At the final, the Super Kings were defeated by 5 wickets by the Kolkata Knight Riders who chased down the target of 191 with two balls to spare, thus denying the Super Kings a hat-trick of titles in the IPL. At the Champions League, once again they could not progress past the group stage with two wins and two defeats.

In 2013, the Super Kings strengthened their bowling attack by signing up five overseas and five Indian bowlers. In the IPL season, they finished first in the points table with 11 wins from 16 matches and qualified for the Playoffs and 2013 CLT20. This was the first time in six seasons that the Super Kings had was at the top of the league table of the IPL. During the season, they also equaled Royal Challengers Bangalore's 2011 record for most wins in succession in the IPL (7 wins on trot). In the first Qualifier at Delhi against Mumbai Indians, the Super Kings posted 192/1 in 20 overs riding on unbeaten half-centuries from Hussey (86* off 58 balls) and Raina (82* off 42 balls) before bowling out their opponents for 144. Thus they entered the final of the IPL for the fourth time in succession where they would play the same opponents, Mumbai Indians, at Kolkata. At the final, batting first, the Mumbai Indians made 148/9 in their 20 overs. In reply, the Super Kings were reduced to 39/6 at one stage before an unbeaten half-century from skipper Dhoni took them close to the target. However, Mumbai Indians won the match by 23 runs to win their first ever IPL title. Super Kings opening batsman Michael Hussey, who scored 733 runs that season at an average of 52, won the Orange Cap for the most runs in the season while all-rounder Dwayne Bravo won the Purple Cap for bagging the most wickets (32). The Super Kings gained direct qualification for the 2013 CLT20 which was held in India in September–October. They were placed in Group B alongside Brisbane Heat, Sunrisers Hyderabad, Titans and Trinidad & Tobago. They won their first three games before losing the final group match against Trinidad & Tobago. With 12 points from four matches, the Super Kings progressed to the semifinals where they suffered a 14-run defeat at the hands of the Rajasthan Royals at Jaipur.

In 2014,The Super Kings started the season with a defeat in the opening match, after which they went on to win eight of their next nine matches to take the first spot in the points table. However, they suffered a loss of form towards the end of the regular season which resulted in three consecutive defeats. They won their last league fixture and finished third in the points table and qualified for the Eliminator against the fourth-placed Mumbai Indians. They won the Eliminator at Mumbai by 7 wickets and qualified for the Qualifier. At the Qualifier against Kings XI Punjab, the Super Kings won the toss and elected to field. Punjab went on to score 226/6 in their 20 overs. The Super Kings, in reply, could manage only 202/7 despite a 25-ball 87 from Raina. They crashed out of the IPL, but, on account of finishing third, qualified for the main event of the 2014 CLT20. In the group stage of the CLT20, the Super Kings won two matches, lost one while another match was a no result. Thus with 10 points they finished second in the group table and qualified for the semifinal where they met the unbeaten team of the other group, Kings XI Punjab. After being put in to bat, the Super Kings posted 182/7 in 20 overs thanks to Bravo who scored a 39-ball 67. Then their bowlers reduced Punjab to 34/6 in the eighth over, and Punjab were eventually bowled out for 117. At the final in Bangalore, the Super Kings faced the IPL champions Kolkata Knight Riders who set them a target of 181 in 20 overs. Raina guided the run-chase with an unbeaten 109 off 62 balls, helping the team to an eight-wicket win and their second CLT20 title. Super Kings spinner Pawan Negi who took 5/22 during Kolkata's innings won the Man of the Match, and Raina, who finished as the highest run-getter of the tournament, was awarded Man of the Tournament.

In 2015, before the players' auction, Chennai Super Kings gave away Ben Hilfenhaus, John Hastings, Vijay Shankar and David Hussey. At the auction they bought back Michael Hussey for a price of Rs.1.5 crores. They also bought Kyle Abbott, Irfan Pathan, Andrew Tye, Eklavya Dwivedi, Ankush Bains, Pratyush Singh and Rahul Sharma. In the final, they lost against Mumbai.

In May 2013, Gurunath Meiyappan, son-in-law of Srinivasan, was arrested by Mumbai Police on charges of placing bets on IPL matches Meiyappan, who was the Team Principal of the Super Kings, was issued a summons by the Mumbai Police and on interrogation it was found that Meiyappan was in contact with bookies through actor Vindu Dara Singh. Following this, Srinivasan, on 2 June 2013, decided to step aside as BCCI President temporarily until the inquiry into the betting case completed. In February 2014, the three member panel appointed by the Supreme Court of India enquired into the betting case indicted Meiyappan for illegal betting during the 2013 IPL.

On 25 March 2014, the Supreme Court of India issued an ultimatum to the BCCI demanding that Srinivasan either step down as President or be removed from his position. On 14 July 2015, the Supreme Court appointed RM Lodha committee suspended the owners of Rajasthan Royals and Chennai Super Kings from the Indian Premier League for a period of two years. On 24 February 2016, the Supreme Court of India agreed to hear a plea for lifting the ban on the Chennai Super Kings.

2008 Indian Premier League

2009 Indian Premier League

2010 Indian Premier League

2010 Champions League

2011 Indian Premier League

2012 Indian Premier League

2013 Indian Premier League

2014 Indian Premier League

2014 Champions League

2015 Indian Premier league

Chepauk Stadium

Chepauk Stadium (M. A. Chidambaram Stadium) is a cricket stadium in Chennai, India. The stadium, most commonly known as Chepauk, was established in 1916 and it is the oldest continuously used cricket stadium in the country. Its alternative name is after M. A. Chidambaram, former President of BCCI and the stadium was formerly known as Madras Cricket Club Ground. It is the home ground of the Tamil Nadu cricket team and the Indian Premier League team Chennai Super Kings. Chepauk hosted its first Test match on 10 February 1934, the first ever Ranji Trophy match in 1936 and Indian cricket team's first ever test victory in 1952 against England. The 1986 India-Australia match held at Chepauk was only the second ever Tied Test in the history of the game. As of 19 Aug, 2017 it has hosted 32 Tests, 21 ODIs and 1 T20I.

The Chepauk crowd is known to be amongst the most appreciative in the country. The crowd gave a standing ovation to Saeed Anwar after scoring the highest ever ODI score of 194 against India in 1997. The crowd was again appreciative when Pakistan won a Test match in 1999 and the Pakistani team made a lap of honour in appreciation of the spectators' sporting behaviour.

India hold the record for the highest score on the ground when they hit 759-7d runs against England in 2016. India hold the record for the lowest score at the ground when England restricted them to just 83. Sunil Gavaskar (1018 runs) had scored the most number of runs in this stadium followed by Sachin Tendulkar (876 runs) and Gundappa Vishwanath (785 runs) in Tests. Anil Kumble (48 wickets) had taken the most wickets in this stadium followed by Kapil Dev (40 wickets) and Harbhajan Singh (39 wickets) in Tests.

The highest ODI score here was made by Pakistan in 1997 when Pakistan scored 327–5, India replied with 292 all out, which is the third highest score here. The second highest score is 299–8 made by India on 22 October 2015 against South Africa which India defended successfully. The fourth highest score is 289–4 made by Australia against New Zealand. Yuvraj Singh has scored the most number of runs here with 255 runs in ODIs. Mohammad Rafique has taken the most number of wickets (14 wickets), followed by Ajit Agarkar, who is the highest wicket taking Indian cricketer.
Sachin Tendulkar has scored more runs in Chepauk than any other venue in India with 876 runs in nine Tests at an average of 87.60.

Luingne

Luingne, Picard: Lœne or Lœgne, West Flemish: Lowiegn, Dutch: Lowingen, is a village in the Belgian province of Hainaut.

Luingne is a former municipality. It has been a part of the municipality of Mouscron since 1977. It borders France.

About 4,000 people are living in this village, which has an area of 554 hectares.


List of historians by continent

This is a list of historians. It is sorted by continent.































List of European historians

This is a list of European historians (by nation).



































Fluid pressure

Fluid pressure is a measurement of the force per unit area. Fluid pressure can be caused by gravity, acceleration, or forces in a closed container. Since a fluid has no definite shape, its pressure applies in all directions. Fluid pressure can also be amplified through hydraulic mechanisms and changes with the velocity of the fluid.

In a fluid column, as the depth increases, the pressure increases as well. Pressure (P) increases because as you go deeper, fluid at a lower depth has to support fluid above it as well. Therefore to define fluid pressure, we can say that it is the pressure at a point within a fluid arising due to the weight of the fluid.

Pressure in liquids is equally divided in all directions, therefore if a force is applied to one point of the liquid, it will be transmitted to all other points within the liquid.

The pressure in fluids can be calculated using the following relation:

P = "hρg (Pressure = Height or Depth of the liquid × Density of the liquid × Gravitational pull (9.81m/s))".

Pressure is a scalar quantity. The SI Unit (International System of Unit) of pressure is the Pascal, or Newton per meter squared (N/m^2). 

Points along the same depth will have the same pressure, while points at different depths will have different pressure. 

An object that is partly, or completely submerged in fluid experiences a greater pressure on its bottom surface than on its top surface. This causes a resultant force upwards. This force is called upthrust, and is also known as buoyancy

For moving containers, the pressure changes,(Acceleration is the acceleration of the container)-.

For a vertical acceleration in the upward direction, the pressure in fluids= P = ρh (g+a)

For a vertical acceleration downward, the pressure in fluids= P = ρh (g-a)

For a horizontal acceleration, the pressure in fluids= tan θ

For any random angle of acceleration, the pressure in fluids= ρh (g + a sinθ)

The pressure at a point for a fluid at rest is the same in all directions. This is Pascal's law. However, it is only valid under the continuum medium assumption, i.e, the point must be small but large enough in order that the hypothesis of continuum medium to be valid. If the point is smaller, then thermal fluctuations become important and the pressure (if can be defined at such a level) becomes anything but fluctuation (Brownian motion). 

DWRK

DWRK (96.3 FM), branded as 96.3 Democratic FM3, is a 24/7 Soft AC FM radio station. It is owned and operated by Presidential Broadcast Servisce st in the Philippines.


Subcutaneous tissue

The Subcutaneous tissue is sometimes also called the hypodermis. It is the bottom layer of skin of an animal or plant, right below the dermis, which is below the epidermis. 

The diagram is incorrect by a typo error: The stratum germinativum is the stratum granulosum layer, the stratum basale is also called the stratum germinativum. The stratum lucidum is located below the stratum corneum. The stratum spinosum is also the stratum mucosum. Below the basal later is the papilla, then the dermis layers, below that is hypodermis also known as subcutaneous later which is the adipose (fat) location just above the vessels of lymph and veins and arteries, attaching to the muscles. However, adipose can become expansive and encapsulate around vessels of the lymphatic, veins and the arteries. 

In humans, this is where the body mostly stores fat cells, called adipocyte, and there are also white blood cells and blood vessels.

The hypodermis also connects the muscles of the body to the skin, with something called deep fascia, or connective tissue.

University of Western Ontario

The University of Western Ontario is a public research university in London, Ontario, Canada. Popularly known as "Western University", it is a co-educational university, It has more than 24,000 students and 306,000 living alumni.

The university was founded on 7 March 1878. The supporter was Bishop Isaac Hellmuth of the Anglican Diocese of Huron. The name was "The Western University of London Ontario".

List of places burned during the Balkan wars

List of places burned during the Balkan Wars (1912-1913) is a list of places totally or partly burned during the Balkan Wars (1912-1913).

Yasmin Altwaijri

Yasmin Ahmed Almubarak Altwaijri is a Senior Scientist and the Head of Epidemiology Research at King Faisal Specialist Hospital and Research Centre (KFSH&RC) in Riyadh, Saudi Arabia. She looks at the number of times conditions such as obesity and mental illness occur in Saudi society. She also wants to make changes in the political and social system of Saudi Arabia to promote better health.

Altwaijri studied Community Health at King Saud University in Riyadh, receiving her B.Sc. in 1992. After marrying, she and her husband moved to the United States to attend graduate school. Altwaijri studied with Johanna Dwyer, director of the Frances Stern Nutrition Center at Tufts University's Friedman School of Nutrition Science and Policy. She received her M.Sc. from Tufts University in 1996 and her Ph.D in 2002. Her parents strongly encouraged her to have a professional career that would enable her to be financially independent.

Altwaijri moved from Boston to Saudi Arabia in 2002. She joined King Saud bin Abdulaziz University for Health Sciences and started to work for King Faisal Specialist Hospital and Research Centre in Riyadh where she leads the epidemiology research center. She is considered one of the top senior scientists in the country.

Altwaijri is concerned with epidemiological studies of the Saudi population, with particular attention to women, children and adolescents. 

One area she is working on is to develop pubertal growth standards for Saudi children. The only standards available to Saudi pediatricians have been based on pubertal characteristics of children in the United States. The problem is that Saudi children are different from American ones. Altwaijri is developing studies of Saudi children that will be sensitive to factors in Saudi life such as socioeconomic standards, diet, and geography. 

She also researches risk factors such as obesity, smoking, hypertension, high blood cholesterol and lack of exercise, which affect chronic diseases. She emphasizes the importance of social determinants of health and strongly advocates for social and political changes that would promote more healthy lifestyles. She is particularly concerned about women, who are at a higher risk of developing obesity than Saudi men, in part because socio-cultural factors restrict opportunities for women to exercise and discourage women's participation in sports. Altwaijri advocates for the inclusion of a physical curriculum for girls as well as boys in schools; creation of safe neighborhood play spaces for both male and female children; safe areas where adult men and women can be physically active; and affordable health clubs for both women and men. She also supports regulation of food prices to promote the choice of healthy over unhealthy foods. To keep her children active, she enrolled them in competitive team swimming, where they became eligible to attend the AAU Junior Olympic Games.

Altwaijri is a Principal Investigator for the Saudi National Mental Health Survey, a broad-based investigation assessing the impact of mental illness in Saudi communities. No research into this area had been done previously in Saudi Arabia, even though the 
World Health Organization (WHO) reports that five of the ten most burdensome diseases in the world involve mental health. In addition to Saudi government and educational institutions, this research involves international collaboration with Harvard University, the University of Michigan, and the World Health Organization. The study, which was initiated in 2009, had the goal of visiting the homes of 5,000 men and women to interview people from across the country. 86% of interviewees were willing to participate.

Altwaijri chairs the Saudi Women in Science Committee, a national network of female scientists from Saudi Arabia. She encourages Saudi women to enter scientific and technological fields, arguing that women scientists can use electronic forms of communication to collaborate and do significant work without "cross[ing] the boundaries of our societal norms and customs." She indicates that restrictions such as the ban on women drivers make it difficult for women to go to work or to visit a fitness center. 

Altwaijri is one of thirty-five women featured in the book "Arab Women Rising", which includes women from Tunisia to Saudi Arabia. She was included in the BBC's 2014 list featuring 100 Women internationally.


Halimah Yacob

Halimah Yacob (born 23 August 1954) is a Singaporean politician and lawyer. She became the 8th President of Singapore in September 2017. Before becoming president, she was the Speaker of Parliament from 2013 until 2017. 

Halimah was a former member of the People's Action Party (PAP), She was the Member of Parliament (MP) representing the Bukit Batok East ward of Jurong GRC between 2001 and 2015, and the Marsiling division of Marsiling–Yew Tee GRC between 2015 and 2017.

Halimah was born on 23 August 1954 at her family house in Singapore. She is an Indian Muslim. Her father is also an Indian Muslim. She is of Malay descent. Her father was a guard. He died of a heart attack when she was eight. Yacob and her four siblings grew up with their mother. Her family was poor. She helped her mother sell nasi padang- a type of food- outside the Singapore Polytechnic (now Bestway Building).

Halimah went to Singapore Chinese Girls' School and Tanjong Katong Girls' School. After this, she went to the National University of Singapore and got a Bachelor of Laws in 1978. In 1981, she went to the Singapore Bar. In 2001, she completed a Master of Laws at the National University of Singapore (NUS). She got an honorary Doctor of Laws by NUS on 7 July 2016.

Halimah began her career working as a legal officer at the National Trades Union Congress (NTUC). After, she became the director of its legal services department in 1992. She later became a director of the Singapore Institute of Labour Studies (now Ong Teng Cheong Labour Leadership Institute) in 1999.

Halimah was a former member of the country's governing (PAP) and she made her political debut in the 2001 general election. She was part of a five-member PAP team contesting in Jurong GRC which the team won.

Halimah was the ninth Speaker of Parliament, from January 2013 to August 2017. She was a Member of Parliament (MP) representing Jurong Group Representation Constituency between 2001 and 2015, and Marsiling-Yew Tee Group Representation Constituency between 2015 and 2017. 

On 7 August 2017, she resigned from her positions as Speaker and MP, and from her membership in the PAP, to become a candidate for the 2017 Singapore presidential election.

In the 2017 presidential election, Halimah was the only candidate, so she won the election. Due to the win, she became president.

Halimah is married to Mohammed Abdullah Alhabshee, a Malay of Arab descent. They have five children together. Mohammed graduated from the National University of Singapore with a Bachelor of Science degree in physics. It was also where he first met Halimah. 

In recognition of her contributions, she was awarded the "Berita Harian Achiever of the Year Award" in 2001, the "Her World Woman of the Year Award" in 2003, and the "AWARE Heroine Award 2011". 

She was also added into the Singapore Council of Women's Organisations' Singapore Women's Hall of Fame in 2014.

Hansford Rowe

Hansford Rowe (May 12, 1924 – September 5, 2017) was an American character actor. He was born in Richmond, Virginia. He appeared in television and movie roles. His career began in 1967. 

In 1968, he had a non-speaking role as a judge in three episodes of the cult series "Dark Shadows". In 1969, he played a judge on the long-running CBS daytime drama "The Guiding Light". Rowe played in the 1983 NBC miniseries "V" as Arthur Dupres.

Rowe was also known for playing President Harry S. Truman in "Dark Skies". His movie roles include "Gordon's War" (1973), "Missing" (1982) and "Baby Boom" (1987).

Rowe died was killed in a car crash in Newhall, California on September 5, 2017 at the age of 93.

Alex Hawkins

Clifton Alexander "Alex" Hawkins (July 2, 1937 – September 12, 2017) was a retired American football player. He played professionally as a running back in the National Football League (NFL) for the Baltimore Colts and Atlanta Falcons. He was known as a special teams player. He was a co-captain with the Colts. He was born in Welch, West Virginia.

Hawkins died of complications from Alzheimer's disease on September 12, 2017 in Columbia, South Carolina at the age of 80.


Slavko Goldstein

Slavko Goldstein (22 August 1928 – 13 September 2017) was a Croatian Jewish writer, Holocaust survivor, publisher, and politician. He was born in Sarajevo, Kingdom of Yugoslavia. He was a member of the Croatian Social Liberal Party and served as the party's president from 1989 through 1990.

Goldstein worked as a journalist, editor and writer in many Croatian newspapers. He wrote screenplays for several Yugoslav World War II movies such as "Signal Over the City" ("Signali nad gradom", 1960) and "Operation Stadium" ("Akcija stadion"; 1977, co-written with Dušan Vukotić). He edited more than 150 books, and as a publisher, he worked on about 400 titles.

Goldstein died on 13 September 2017 in Zagreb, Croatia of pneumonia at the age of 89.

Frank Vincent

Frank Vincent Gattuso Jr. (August 4, 1937 – September 13, 2017), known professionally as Frank Vincent, was an American actor, musician and writer. He played well-known roles in the HBO series "The Sopranos" and in several movies for director Martin Scorsese: "Raging Bull" (1980), "Goodfellas" (1990), and "Casino" (1995). He was born in North Adams, Massachusetts.

In 2001, Vincent voiced the character of Mafia boss Salvatore Leone in the controversial computer and video game "Grand Theft Auto III" and played the character again in "" (2004) and "" (2005).

Vincent died of complications from heart surgery in Nutley, New Jersey on September 13, 2017 at the age of 80.


Jake Paul

Jake Joseph Paul (born January 17th, 1997) is a American YouTube personality who got famous on the now-defunct video application Vine. Paul first came into prominence for playing the role of Dirk on the Disney Channel series "Bizaardvark". In 2018, Jake had a boxing match against YouTube star Deji in which Jake stopped Deji in the sixth round. Many boxing experts and pundits such as Tony Bellew, Matthew Macklin, Tim Storer, Carl Froch, and more credited Jake, as he performed excellent for a novice boxer. His professional boxing record currently stands at 6-0-1.

Paul was born in Cleveland, and grew up in Westlake, Ohio. He is the son of Pamela Ann Stepnick ("née" Meredith) and realtor Gregory Allan Paul. His older brother, YouTuber Logan Paul, claims that Jake is of Austrian-Jewish, English, German-Jewish, Hungarian-Jewish, Irish, Scottish, and Welsh ancestry.

Paul began his career in September 2013 posting videos on Vine. By the time Vine shut down, Jake Paul had 5.3 million followers and 7 million plays on the app.

In 2015, it was announced that Paul would be starring as Dirk in Disney Channel's new comedy series "Bizaardvark".

On January 5, 2017, Paul was among the invited guests at an event at the White House for social media people. As a stunt for his YouTube vlog channel, he hid in a bathroom there before sneaking out of the White House at 3:30am without being stopped by security guards.

On January 17, 2017, it was reported Paul had launched Team 10 with $1 million in financing to create influencer marketing management and creative agency around teen entertainment. Investors include Danhua Capital, Horizons Alpha, Vayner Capital, Sound Ventures & A-Grade Investments, and Adam Zeplain.

On May 30, 2017, Paul released a song and music video alongside Team 10, titled "It's Everyday Bro", which achieved over 70 million views on YouTube in its first month and has become the second most disliked video on YouTube, behind "Baby" by Justin Bieber. The song peaked at number 94 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 on the chart dated June 24, 2017.

On July 18, 2017, it was reported that Paul's neighbors in the Beverly Grove neighborhood of Los Angeles were meeting with city council members and police officials regarding whether to file a class-action public nuisance lawsuit against Paul. This came after Paul made his home address public, leading crowds of fans to gather outside Paul's house, and noise complaints by neighbors. On April 24, 2018, it was reported that Paul was sued by Cobra Acquisitions; the company that owns the house, for $5 million.

On July 22, 2017, during the middle of filming the second season of "Bizaardvark", the Disney Channel announced that Paul would be leaving the series, saying in a statement "We've mutually agreed that Jake Paul will leave his role on the Disney Channel series 'Bizaardvark'. On behalf of the production company, the cast and crew, we thank Jake for his good work on the TV series for the past 18 months and extend our best wishes to him." The announcement followed a KTLA 5 news report about public complaints from Paul's neighbors regarding the noise generated by Paul's pranks, parties, fire hazards and the large crowds of Paul's fans congregating in their neighborhood. Paul later confirmed the news on his Twitter page, saying he would now focus more on his personal brand, his YouTube channel, his business ventures, and more adult acting roles. Paul later revealed in an interview with "The Hollywood Reporter" that he was actually fired from "Bizaardvark" by Disney who wanted to expedite the process of weaning him off the show due to the KTLA segment.

On January 3, 2018, Paul uploaded a video to his YouTube channel titled "how to fist" which caused controversy for being too sexually explicit and inappropriate for his younger audience. The video was criticized for its thumbnail which featured Paul and his then girlfriend Erika Costell semi-nude on a bed with Costell on top of Paul in a sexual position. The thumbnail was later changed with both Paul and Costell fully clothed and not touching each other. Later, a video had been leaked by TMZ which featured Paul explicitly using the word "nigga" whilst rapping. In the video, Paul uses the word twice, saying "little ass nigga" and "I whip it like my nigga Richie Vetter, he make the man's ass so wet it gets wetter."

Paul has English, Irish, Scottish, Welsh, Jewish and German ancestry. Paul has a net worth of about $17–30 million.

In November 2016, Paul started dating YouTuber and internet personality Alissa Violet. They broke up in February 2017. In April 2018, Paul started dating model Erika Costell. They ended their relationship in November 2018.

Paul began dating YouTuber and internet personality Tana Mongeau in April 2019. In June 2019, they were engaged to be married. Many people did not believe that the engagement was real. On July 28 of that year, they got married in Las Vegas. "InTouch" later reported that the couple had not got a marriage license before the ceremony. They said that it was not a legal marriage. Buzzfeed said that Paul and Mongeau left the ceremony separately. The ceremony, which was available on pay-per-view for $50, was recorded by MTV. Mongeau said that the ceremony was something "fun and lighthearted that we're obviously doing for fun and for content." The couple broke up in January 2020.

Later that month, Paul started dating Julia Rose. They said that they are dating as of February 2022.





J. P. Donleavy

James Patrick "J. P." Donleavy (23 April 1926 – 11 September 2017) was an Irish-American novelist and playwright. His first novel is "The Ginger Man". Another novel, "A Fairy Tale of New York", provided the title of the song "Fairytale of New York". He was born in Brooklyn, New York. 

Donleavy died on 11 September 2017 in Mullingar, County Westmeath, Ireland from a stroke at the age of 91.


Per Fugelli

Per Fugelli (7 December 1943 – 13 September 2017) was a Norwegian physician and professor of medicine. He was professor at the University of Bergen from 1984 to 1992, and at the University of Oslo from 1992. He was born in Stavanger, Norway. 

Among his early books are "Tilbake til huslegen" from 1975, "Doktor på Værøy og Røst" from 1977, and "Helsetilstand og helsetjeneste på Værøy og Røst" from 1978. He published the essay collections "Med sordin og kanon" and "Helse og rettferdighet" in 1990, "0-visjonen" in 2003, and "Nokpunktet" in 2008. 

Fugelli was the editor or co-editor of several works, including "Huslegen" from 1985, "Medisinsk leksikon" from 1990, "Medisin og helse" from 1993, and "Verdier og penger i helsetjenesten" from 2009.

Fugelli died in Jæren, Norway on 13 September 2017 at the age of 73.

Randolph Quirk

Charles Randolph Quirk, Baron Quirk, CBE, FBA (12 July 1920 – 20 December 2017) was a British linguist and life peer. He was the Quain Professor of English language and literature at University College London from 1968 to 1981. He used to sit as a crossbencher in the House of Lords.

Quirk was born in Michael on the Isle of Man. He studied at University College London, at Yale University, at Michigan State University and at Durham University. In 1985, he was awarded the honorary degree of Doctor of Letters by the University of Bath.

Quirk was appointed a Commander of the Order of the British Empire (CBE) in the 1976 New Year Honours and was knighted in 1985.

Quirk was a Labour supporter openly all his life. He was President of the British Academy from 1985 to 1989.

Quirk died in London on 20 December 2017 at the age of 97.

Suhad Bahajri

Suhad Bahajri () is a Saudi chemist. She is a medical scientist and educator presently working as a professor of clinical biochemistry and clinical nutrition at the faculty of medicine at King Abdulaziz University, Jeddah. Her research centers on diet, lifestyle and chronic diseases.



Darley Dale

Darley Dale, or just Darley, is a town and civil parish in the Derbyshire Dales district of Derbyshire, England. About 6000 people live in the town. It is north of Matlock, on the River Derwent and the A6 road. The town forms part of the urban area of Matlock. It is a commuter town for workers in Matlock.

Euler's homogeneous function theorem

Euler's theorem is one of the theorems Leonhard Euler stated: There are certain conditions where a firm will neither make a profit, nor operate at a loss. The theorem is also known as Euler's homogeneous function theorem, and is often used in economics.

Euler's theorem

Euler's theorem might refer to:

Abdul Karim Mustaghni

Abdul Karim Mustaghni (July 11, 1911 – January 13, 2004) was an Afghan scientist and politician.

From 1973 to 1977, Mustaghni was Defense Minister of Afghanistan. He helped Mohammed Daoud Khan to remove King Mohammed Zahir Shah from power.



Mil Mi-38

The Mil Mi-38 is a civil and military helicopter. It was designed by the USSR and built in Russia. The Mil Mi-38 is both used for civil and military purposes. The Mil Mi-38 was meant to replace the Mi-8. It flew for the first time on 22 December 2003 and was certified on 30 December 2015.

Janet Gibson

Janet Gibson is a biologist and zoologist from Belize.

Gibson was awarded the Goldman Environmental Prize in 1990. The prize is for a person who organizes an environmental effort in their region. Gibson won the prize because of her efforts on conservation of the marine ecosystems along the Belizean coast. Between 1985 and 1987, she worked to establish the Hol Chan Marine Reserve. Her efforts were successful and the official sanctuary was established in 1987. It was the first marine reserve in Central America.

Because of her work, along with others, the Belize Barrier Reef was given UNESCO World Heritage status in 1996.


Andrea Gill

Andrea Gill is a politician and biologist from Belize. 

Gill was President of the Senate of Belize from 2008-2012. Between 2008 and 2009, she served as president of the Forum of Presiding Officers of National Parliaments of Central America and the Caribbean (FOPREL).

Between 1997 and 2001, Gill was part of a manatee research project.


Louis L. Mowbray

Louis Leon Arthur Mowbray (born 19 August 1877 on St. George's, Bermuda; died 5 June 1952) was a naturalist. He was the founding curator of the Bermuda Aquarium.

In around 1907 the Bermuda Natural History Society asked Mowbray to create Bermuda’s first aquarium and a marine research centre. He became known to American scientists and eventually moved to Boston, creating an aquarium there. In 1914, he became superintendent of the New York Aquarium. He also worked to build a new aquarium in Miami.

In 1926 Mowbray returned to Bermuda and built the Bermuda Aquarium. Dr. Charles Townsend, an American zoologist, organized several overseas trips for Mowbray to collect new fish specimens. The trips were paid for by Vincent Astor. He and Astor traveled to the Galapagos Islands in 1933. They brought back tortoises and penguins, expanding the aquarium to a zoo. Mowbray then became the first person to successfully breed both the Galapagos tortoises and penguins in captivity.


David B. Wingate

David Balcombe Wingate OBE (born October 11, 1935, in Bermuda) is an ornithologist, naturalist and conservationist.

In 1951 he and Robert Cushman Murphy and Louis S. Mowbray found the Bermuda petrel, also called a cahow. The bird species was thought to be extinct since the 1620s. The discovery inspired him to study Zoology at Cornell University. When he returned to Bermuda 1958, he began work to save the cahow. He went on to become the Conservation Officer for the Bermuda Government Parks Department from 1966 to his retirement in 2000.

He was credited with rediscovering the black-capped petrel in Haiti in 1963.


Human geography

Human geography is a branch of geography. It studies how people and environment have an effect on each other. 

The study of people includes their communities, cultures, economies. The environment studied is mostly about locations. Locations include where people live, when people move, where they move to, what customs they have, what recreations they have.

Human societies develop in relation to the environment they are in. The relationship between people and the environment can change over time and across different locations. Human geography studies these changes.

The field of geography can be divided into physical geography and human geography. Human geography is also closely associated with social sciences and philosophy.

Nucleoid

The nucleoid is an irregularly shaped region within the cell of a prokaryote that contains all or most of the genetic material, called genophore. 

Reed Smoot

Reed Smoot (January 10, 1862 – February 9, 1941) was a republican senator from 1903–1933. He was also a leader in the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church) and a businessman.

As a senator he is known for the 1930 Smoot–Hawley Tariff Act.

Smoot was an important leader of the LDS Church. He was chosen to serve as an apostle in the Quorum of the Twelve Apostles in 1900. Smoot's role in the LDS Church led to a controversy in the United States Senate. There were also rumors of polygamy and a secret oath against the United States A Senate committee questioned Smoot's authority in the Reed Smoot hearings. The committee suggested Smoot's removal, but the full Senate voted to keep Smoot. He lost the vote for office in 1932. Smoot returned to Utah in 1933. Smoot stopped working in politics and business and spent his time working in the church. At the time of his death, he was third in line to lead the LDS Church.

Smoot was born in 1862 in Salt Lake City, Utah Territory. He was the son of a Mormon pioneer from Kentucky and Iowa, Abraham O. Smoot, who was a mayor of the city from 1856 to 1862. His mother was Anne Kristina Morrison Smoot, also known as Anne Kirstine Mauritzen before her marriage. Anne Kristina Morrison Smoot was Smoot's father's fifth wife of six plural marriages and 27 children, three of whom Abraham O. Smoot adopted. The family moved to Provo, Utah, when his father was called by Brigham Young to head the stake there. Smoot went to school at the University of Utah (then a religious school) and graduated from Brigham Young Academy (now Brigham Young University) in Provo in 1879. After school, Smoot worked as a Mormon missionary in England. After returning to Utah, Smoot married Alpha M. Eldredge of Salt Lake City on September 17, 1884. They had six children together. Thereafter, Smoot became a successful businessman in the Salt Lake City area. In 1895, he became very involved in the government of the LDS Church and achieved more authority. On April 8, 1900, Smoot was chosen as an LDS Church apostle and member of the church's Quorum of the Twelve Apostles.

After becoming an apostle in 1900, Smoot got permission from the LDS Church president Joseph F. Smith to run for office in 1902. He had joined the Republican Party. 

Smoot was voted by the Utah legislature to the United States Senate on January 20, 1903, as a Republican Senator representing the state. Smoot was introduced to the United States Senate by Utah's senior U.S. Senator, Republican Thomas Kearns, a Catholic who was elected in 1901. Kearns, an important mining leader, newspaper owner, banker, and railroad owner, had competed with Smoot for election to the Senate in 1900. Kearns was elected. Two years later Smoot ran again and won.

Smoot was elected again in 1908 and continued to be elected over and over again until 1932. He worked in the Senate until March 1933. A Constitutional amendment required the popular election of US Senators after 1913. Smoot lost 1932 election, the year in which Democrat Franklin D. Roosevelt won the presidency.

In 1916, William Kent was the lead supporter in the House of Representatives of a law to establish the National Park Service. Smoot sponsored the law in the Senate. The law passed the House of Representatives on July 1, 1916. The law passed the Senate on August 5. The law was signed by U.S. President Woodrow Wilson on August 25, 1916. The National Park Service was placed within the cabinet Department of Interior.

Smoot was Chairman of the Senate Finance Committee from 1923 to 1933, and worked on the Senate Appropriations Committee. He worked on the national Republican Party and served as a delegate to the Republican National Convention every four years between 1908 and 1924. He was Chairman of the 1928 Resolutions Committee at the 1928 Republican National Convention and Chairman of the Republican Senatorial Campaign Committee.

Smoot was a co-sponsor of the Smoot-Hawley Tariff Act in 1930. This act raised U.S. import tariffs on over 20,000 items to higher than they had ever been. Many historians believe that it made the Great Depression worse. U.S. President Herbert Hoover signed the act and it became a law on June 17, 1930.

Mormon folklore

Mormon Folklore is a group of stories and things that express the culture of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. It includes personal stories and shared stories, music, jokes, and art.

Mormon folklore has stories in it, told by word of mouth. Missionaries will tell stories as a part of initiation, or to try and tell others to do the right thing. People will tell stories about early people in the Church, people in the scriptures, and help from God. These stories are supposed to help people's belief. In the early days of the Church, songs would say both good things and bad things about leaders such as Brigham Young.

Common practices for Mormons include sharing testimonies during fast and testimony meeting. Members testify of the things they know to be true and occasionally share personal stories how they gained their testimony. In Mormon culture, marriage and family are very important. Pioneer Day is a state holiday in Utah, where members honor the early pioneer saints.

Early settlers in the Church were influenced by many cultures that came together in Utah. Handicrafts were part of this influence. They had many different projects, and the Relief Society said they were good for the mind. Lots of these can still be seen around Utah.

Mormon fundamentalists have different folklore than Latter-day saints do. Their experience in government raids makes them feel more together, and they like folk dancing.

Austin E. and Alta S. Fife are called the founders of research into Mormon folklore. This research has been done much more since the couple’s first work on it in the 1930s. Although people had looked at the issue a little before, the Fifes made the field better, through the Fife Folklore Archive, now at the library at Utah State University. Their book on Mormon folklore, called "Saints of Sage and Saddle", came out in 1956. This book, says someone who studies folklore named Jill Terry Rudy, "remains the most complete book-length treatment of Mormon folklore" - which means that it is the best book on Mormon folklore that there is.

Missionaries have their own set of folklore. Missionaries tell stories or sing church hymns, to connect with people they meet, to build friendship with those they teach, to inspire each other in missionary efforts, and to strengthen their own faith. In many missions around the world missionaries use church art, music and missionary stories as finding tools in proselytizing. Most young people in the church plays at least one musical instrument, the most common one is the piano.

Mormons often retell stories about early church members who went through extremely difficult challenges, and made many sacrifices in order to build God’s church. The purpose of those stories is to educate people about the historical events that took place at the beginning of the church history and the historical figures who were part of it. So, those who are currently members of the church can better understand the LDS heritage and the changes that occurred over the past years. Thus, they develop a deeper appreciation and gratitude for the early pioneers’ efforts to establish God's church and the legacy they left behind.

Alice Reynolds

Alice Louise Reynolds (April 1, 1873 – December 5, 1938) was the first woman professor at Brigham Young University (BYU). BYU magazine put her in a list of the 10 best BYU professors of the 20th century. She was the second woman in Utah to be a full professor.

Alice was born in Salt Lake City, Utah Territory, United States. Her father was George Reynolds and her mother was Mary Ann Tuddenham. Her father was a general authority of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church), and worked as secretary to the First Presidency of the church for many years. When Alice was six years old, her father went to jail because he had more than one wife (plural marriage).

Her father's sister, her aunt Julia Reynolds, helped raise Alice. Alice liked reading and being around grownups. When she was 12, her mother died while giving birth to one of her siblings. Alice's father sent her and her younger sister Florence to the ) for their high school education. Alice was inspired by one of her teachers, Academy Principal Karl G. Maeser. She graduated from BYA in 1890.

Alice had taught for two years when the president of BYA, Benjamin Cluff, asked her to start a literature department at BYA. Reynolds went to the University of Michigan to study literature from 1892 to 1894. When she came back she became a full-time teacher at BYA.

Later in her life Reynolds received more education in Chicago, Cornell, Berkeley and Columbia. She also traveled to Europe four different times.

Reynolds was a Professor of English for 44 years. She became the first female to be a full professor at BYU. She taught approximately 5,000 students in 20 different English courses. Reynolds's absent-mindedness was famous at BYU. According to her students, she once walked through a herd of cows while reading a book and brought a teakettle to work instead of her purse.

Reynolds was an editor for the "Relief Society Magazine" from 1923 to 1930 and a writer for other LDS magazines. She also served in the General Board of the Relief Society of LDS Church for seven years.

While working at BYA, Reynolds became the chairperson of the committee to establish the library. She was the chairperson of the committee for 19 years. She held a large fundraiser to obtain 1,200 books to add to the school's library. Over the course of her life, she organized several other campaigns to help the library grow to 100,000 volumes. Through the efforts of the club, over 10,000 volumes were donated to the BYU library.

Helfrantzkirch

Helfrantzkirch is a commune. It is found in the Haut-Rhin department of eastern France.

Forest Park, Ohio

Forest Park is a city in Ohio in the United States.

Thomas L. Kane

Thomas L. Kane (January 27, 1822 – December 26, 1883) was an American lawyer. He was friends with Brigham Young, a leader in the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints, or Mormon church, or LDS Church. Kane helped Brigham Young and the Mormons travel to Utah.

Kane met with members of the LDS Church at a meeting in Philadelphia in May 1846. Kane gave them his advice (told them what he thought they should do) and helped with their conflicts (arguments) with the U.S. government. He also helped them when they tried to emigrate (move) to western areas (places) in the US. , an LDS religious leader in the East, was asking for help with the Latter-day Saints' move to the West. Kane was able to get letters of recommendation (letters that say Kane can be trusted) from people who knew his father. Kane later joined Little in , and they met the secretary of state, secretary of war, and President . After they negotiated (shared and talked about ideas), the United States agreed to send 500 LDS men, in five groups of 75 to 100 men each, called the , to help in the .

With his fathers help, Kane got U.S. government permission for the refugee (people who have lost or had to leave their homes) Mormons to occupy Pottawattamie and Omaha Indian lands along the Missouri. Kane carried letters to , and looked for Little in the Latter-day Saint camps on the . On July 17, 1846, Kane met with LDS leaders and Army Captain to make the Mormon Battalion. Kane met many leaders of the Church, and became a popular figure among Mormon emigrants (people who moved). Miller's Hollow, the main Iowa settlement (colony) of the LDS group at what is now , was renamed Kanesville to honor Kane for his help.

During this time, Kane became really ill with a fever. Although he got help from both an army physician (doctor) from Fort Leavenworth and church members, his health was not good for the rest of his life.

Christie Davies

Christie Davies (1941 – 5 September 2017) was a British sociologist, professor emeritus of sociology. He was born in Cambridge, Cambridgeshire. He worked at the University of Reading, England. He was the author of many articles and books on criminology, the sociology of morality, censorship, and humour. He was also visiting professor in India, Poland, United States, and Australia. Professor Davies died in August 2017.

Davies died on 5 September 2017 from a short-illness in Reading, Berkshire at the age of 76.

Isabelle Daniels

Isabelle Frances Daniels (later "Holston"; July 31, 1937 – September 8, 2017) was an American sprinter. He was born in Jakin, Georgia.

Daniels competed for the United States in the 1956 Summer Olympics held in Melbourne, Australia, where she won the bronze medal in the 4×100 metres with her team mates Mae Faggs, Margaret Matthews and Wilma Rudolph, in a race where all three teams beat the existing world record. She was initially placed third in the 100 meters, but was moved to fourth after photos of the finish were examined.

Nasopharyngeal carcinoma

Nasopharynx cancer or nasopharyngeal carcinoma (NPC) is the most common cancer which is formed in the nasopharynx, most commonly in the postero-lateral nasopharynx or pharyngeal recess or 'Fossa of Rosenmüller' accounting for 50% cases. 

NPC happens in children and adults. NPC differs significantly from other cancers of the head and neck in its occurrence, causes, clinical behavior, and treatment. 

It is vastly more common in certain regions of East Asia and Africa than elsewhere, with viral, dietary and genetic factors implicated in its causation. It is most common in males. It is a squamous cell carcinoma or an undifferentiated type. Squamous epithelial cells are a flat type of cell found in the skin and the membranes that line some body cavities. 

Differentiation means how different the cancer cells are from normal cells. "Undifferentiated cells" are cells that do not have their mature features or functions.


Kazimierz Ryczan

Kazimierz Ryczan (10 February 1939 – 13 September 2017) was a Polish Roman Catholic bishop. He was ordained to the priesthood on 16 June 1963, Ryczan was named bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Kielce, Poland on 17 July 1993.

Ryczan died on 13 September 2017 in Kielce, Poland at the age of 78.

Arnold Chan

Arnold Chan (June 10, 1967 – September 14, 2017) was a Canadian lawyer and politician. He was elected to represent the riding of Scarborough—Agincourt in the House of Commons of Canada in the 2014 by-election. Chan was a member of the Liberal Party of Canada.

Chan died on September 14, 2017 in Scarborough, Ontario of nasopharynx cancer at the age of 50.

Grant Hart

Grantzberg Vernon "Grant" Hart (March 18, 1961 – September 13, 2017) was an American musician. He was best known as the drummer and co-songwriter for the alternative rock and hardcore punk band Hüsker Dü. After the band's breakup in 1988, he formed the alternative rock trio Nova Mob, where he moved to vocals and guitar. His solo career became his main focus after the dissolution of Nova Mob in 1997.

Hart died on September 13, 2017 of liver cancer at his home in St. Paul, Minnesota at the age of 56.


Otto Wanz

Otto Wanz (June 13, 1943 – September 14, 2017) was an Austrian professional wrestler and boxer. He made his professional wrestling debut in 1968. 

Wanz was a one time American Wrestling Association champion and former operator of the Catch Wrestling Association. Among his most famous international opponents were Antonio Inoki, Bull Power and André the Giant. He was one of only a few to bodyslam both André the Giant and Yokozuna. 

Wanz also organized strong men competitions in Austria called "Austrian Giants". He also held several records for tearing telephone books. Arnold Schwarzenegger has called Wanz as an influence on his fitness and bodybuilding career.

Wanz died on September 14, 2017 in Styria, Austria of heart failure at the age of 74.

List of Iranian musicians

This is a list of Iranian (Persian) musicians and musical groups.













Yokozuna (sumo)

A in the sport of Sumo is the highest rank any wrestler (Rikishi) can attain. The word means "Horizontal Rope" and it comes from one of the symbols that Yokozuna wear; a thick rope (綱 "tsuna") which is worn around the waist. It is a sign of their rank. This rope can be very heavy, weighing around . It is not worn for fights, but only for the wrestler's entrance ceremony into the ring at the start of a tournament. The rope is similar to that which is used in Shinto religion for purification and to mark off sacred areas of the temple.

Yokozuna are stars in Sumo. They are in many ways, the "public face" of Sumo and their behaviour is watched very closely. 

Clarke Carlisle

Clarke James Carlisle (born 14 October 1979) is an English former footballer. He played as a defender between 1997 and 2013. He played for many teams including Blackpool, Queens Park Rangers, Leeds United, Watford and Burnley.

Carlisle was born in Preston. He is of Dominican ancestry. He has three children.

Queens Park Rangers

Burnley


List of scientists from South America

This is a list of scientists from South America.













Rosen

Rosen is a given name. This is a unique name (not in the top 1000 newborn names in the US in 2021).

Last names:

First name:

Niels Henrik Abel

Niels Henrik Abel (5 August 1802 – 6 April 1829) was a Norwegian mathematician. He died in 1829.

He did the first complete proof demonstrating the impossibility of solving the general quintic equation in radicals.

The Abel Prize ("Abel-prisen") is named after him.


La Punt-Chamues-ch

La Punt-Chamues-ch is a municipality of the district of Maloja in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland.

Dompierre, Vaud

Dompierre is a municipality in the Swiss canton of Vaud. It is found in the district of Broye-Vully.

Parsons Green train bombing

On 15 September 2017, at around 8:20 am BST (07:20 UTC), an explosion occurred on a District line train at Parsons Green tube station, in London, England. Twenty-nine people were injured and later treated in hospital. The main injuries were burn injuries. The incident is being treated by the Metropolitan Police as a terrorist attack. It was one of several attacks to occur on British soil in 2017 which are being treated as terrorism.

The bomber had placed the device in a white plastic bucket inside a shopping bag, according to images and videos posted on social media just after the attack. Wires were visible hanging out, as well as a black towel. Reports also indicate the device had a timer attached.

In a statement after the incident, Prime Minister Theresa May said: "My thoughts are with those injured at Parsons Green and the emergency services who, once again, are responding swiftly and bravely to a suspected terrorist incident."

Marcel Herriot

Marcel Paul Herriot (18 May 1934 – 14 September 2017) was a Roman Catholic bishop. He was born in Moussey, Vosges, France.

Herriot was ordained to the priesthood in 1960. He served bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Verdun, France, from 1987 to 1999. He then served as bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Soissons from 1999 to 2008.

Herriot died on 14 September 2017 in Saint-Dié-des-Vosges, Vosges, France at the age of 83.


Dwijen Sharma

Dwijen Sharma (May 29, 1929 – September 15, 2017) was a Bangladeshi naturalist and science writer. He was awarded Bangla Academy Award in 1987 and Ekushey Padak in 2015 by the Government of Bangladesh for his work in language and literature.

In 1962 he left Barisal to join the faculty of Notre Dame College, Dhaka and worked until 1974. Then, he moved to Moscow to work for Progress Publishers as a translator.

Sharma died of kidney disease on September 15, 2017 in Dhaka, Bangladesh at the age of 88.

Peter Brook

Peter Stephen Paul Brook, CH, CBE (21 March 1925 – 2 July 2022) is an English theatre and movie director. He has been based in France since the early 1970s. He has won multiple Tony and Emmy Awards, a Laurence Olivier Award, the Praemium Imperiale, and the Prix Italia. He has been called "our greatest living theatre director".

Brook died on 2 July 2022 in Paris, France at the age of 97.


Ata Kandó

Ata Kandó (born Etelka Görög; 17 September 1913 – 14 September 2017) was a Hungarian-Dutch photographer of Jewish descent. She was born in Budapest, Hungary.

Beginning her photography practice in the 1930s with children's photography, Kandó later worked as a fashion photographer, photographed refugees and travelled to the Amazon to photograph landscapes and indigenous people. In the 1930s she stayed two times in Paris. During the war she lived in Hungary, but after the war she returned to Paris.She moved to the Netherlands in 1954.

In 1959, she won a silver medal in Munich for fashion photography and then in 1991, received the Pro Cultura Hungarica Medal. This was followed in 1998 with the Imre Nagy Prize and that same year, she and her husband received the Righteous Among the Nations, awarded by Israel for saving Jews during the Holocaust.

In 1999 she was awarded the Hungarian Photographers Association Lifetime Achievement Award.

Kandó died at the age of 103 in Bergen, Netherlands on 14 September 2017.


Bruce Glover

Bruce Herbert Glover (born November 2, 1932) is an American character actor. He was born in Chicago, Illinois. He is of English and Swedish descent. He is best known for his role of the assassin Mr. Wint in the James Bond movie "Diamonds Are Forever". He is the father of actor Crispin Glover.


Giuseppina Projetto

Giuseppina Projetto-Frau (30 May 1902 – 6 July 2018) was an Italian supercentenarian who was the oldest living person in Europe after the death of Ana María Vela Rubio on 15 December 2017. She was also the oldest living person in Italy since the death of Marie Josephine Gaudette on 13 July 2017. Projetto was the oldest living person born in Italy since the death of Emma Morano on 15 April 2017, as Gaudette was born in the United States.

Projetto was born in La Maddalena. In 1946, she married Giuseppe Frau, a widower with three children. Projetto lived in Tuscany with her daughter-in-law and grandchildren.

She was the second oldest living person in the world after Chiyo Miyako, who died only 16 days after Projetto's death. She was the last person known to have been born in 1902.

Projetto died on 6 July 2018 at the age of 116. Giuseppina Projetto was succeeded as the Europe's oldest living person by Maria Giuseppa Robucci, also from Italy.

Marie Josephine Gaudette

Marie-Josephine Clarice Gaudette (25 March 1902 – 13 July 2017) was an American-born Italian supercentenarian. She was the oldest living person in Italy from the death of Emma Morano, who was the oldest living person in the world and the oldest Italian person ever on 15 April 2017 until her own death three months later. 

Gaudette was born in Manchester, New Hampshire, United States, and was the oldest living person born in the United States from the death of Susannah Mushatt Jones on 12 May 2016 and the oldest emigrant from the U.S. ever.

A nun known as Mother Cecilia, she lived in the Italian convent from 1958 until her death and was considered "the world's oldest nun". She lived in Canada and France before settling in Italy. Gaudette died on 13 July 2017, aged 115 years, 110 days.


Rhys Hoskins

Rhys Dean Hoskins (born March 17, 1993) is an American professional baseball first baseman and left fielder for the Philadelphia Phillies of Major League Baseball (MLB). He made his MLB debut in 2017. Before playing for the Phillies, he played college baseball for the Sacramento State Hornets.

He is the fastest player in history—in terms of games played—to hit the following number of career home runs: 10, 11, 12, 13, 14, 15, 16, and 17.

Independence Day Award

The Independence Day Award is the highest state award given by the government of Bangladesh. It is also termed Independence Award, Swadhinata Padak, and Swadhinata Puroskar. The award was introduced in 1977 and since then it has been given to Bangladeshi citizens or organizations in recognition of substantial contribution to one of many fields, including the War of Liberation, the Language Movement, education, literature, journalism, public service, science and technology, medical science, social science, song, games and sports, fine arts, rural development, and other areas.

Each awardee receives a gold medal, a certificate of honour, and a sum of cash. The amount of the cash reward was originally taka 20 thousand, but later in 2004, it was increased to taka one lac (.10 million in Bangladeshi currency).


Laax

Laax () is a municipality in the district of Surselva in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland.


Ladir

Ladir was a municipality in the district Surselva in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2014, the former municipalities of Ladir, Castrisch, Ilanz, Luven, Pitasch, Riein, Ruschein, Schnaus, Sevgein, Duvin, Pigniu, Rueun and Siat merged into the new municipality of Ilanz/Glion.

Ilanz/Glion

Ilanz/Glion is a new municipality of the district Surselva in the Swiss canton of Graubünden.

On 1 January 2014 the former municipalities of Castrisch, Ilanz, Ladir, Luven, Pitasch, Riein, Ruschein, Schnaus, Sevgein, Duvin, Pigniu, Rueun and Siat merged into the new municipality of Ilanz/Glion.


Riein

Riein is a former municipality of the district of Surselva in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2014 the former municipalities of Riein, Castrisch, Ilanz, Luven, Pitasch, Ladir, Ruschein, Schnaus, Sevgein, Duvin, Pigniu, Rueun and Siat merged into the new municipality of Ilanz/Glion.

Luven

Luven was a municipality of the district of Surselva in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland. It is part of the new municipality of Ilanz/Glion.

Ruschein

Ruschein was a municipality in the district of Surselva in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland. It is part of the new municipality of Ilanz/Glion.

Schluein

Schluein is a municipality of the district Surselva in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland.


Amazonas Department

Department of Amazonas (, ) is a department in the southern Colombia. The capital is Leticia. The name comes from the Amazon River that drains much in the department and the rainforest that covers a large part of the department.

Antioquia Department

The Department of Antioquia is one of the 32 departments of Colombia. It is located in the central northwestern part of Colombia with a narrow section that borders the Caribbean Sea. The capital is Medellín.

Sucre Department

Sucre is a department in the Caribbean Region of Colombia. The capital is Sincelejo.

La Sierra, Cauca

La Sierra is a municipality in the Cauca Department, Colombia.

Almaguer, Cauca

Almaguer is a municipality in the Cauca Department, Colombia.

Basil Gogos

Basil Gogos (March 12, 1929 – September 13, 2017) was an Egyptian-born American illustrator. He was born in Alexandria, Egypt. He was best known for his portraits of movie monsters which appeared on the covers of "Famous Monsters of Filmland" magazine in the 1960s and 1970s. 

Gogos died in Manhattan, New York of a heart attack on September 13, 2017 at the age of 88.


Savognin

Savognin was a municipality of the district of Albula in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2016, the former municipalities of Savognin, Bivio, Cunter, Marmorera, Mulegns, Riom-Parsonz, Salouf, Sur and Tinizong-Rona merged into the new municipality of Surses.


Arjan Singh

Marshal of the Indian Air Force Arjan Singh, DFC (15 April 1919 – 16 September 2017) was an Indian Air Force Officer. He served as Chief of the Air Staff from 1964 to 1969. He was born in Lyallpur, Punjab, British India ().

After retiring from the IAF, he served as a diplomat, politician and advisor to the Indian government. In 2002, he became the first and only officer of the Indian Air Force to be promoted to five-star rank as Marshal of the Indian Air Force, equal to the army rank of Field Marshal.

In 1971 (after his retirement) Singh was appointed as the Indian Ambassador to Switzerland. He concurrently served as the Ambassador to the Vatican. He was also appointed as the High Commissioner to Kenya in 1974.

Singh died of a heart attack on 16 September 2017 in New Delhi, India at the age of 98.


Henflingen

Henflingen is a former commune. It is in the Haut-Rhin department of eastern France. On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the new commune of Illtal.

Portage County, Ohio

Portage County is a county in the U.S. state of Ohio. In 2020, 161,791 people lived there. The county seat is Ravenna.

Albert Speer Jr.

Albert Speer (; 29 July 1934 – 15 September 2017) was a German architect and urban planner. He was the son of Albert Speer (1905–81) who was Adolf Hitler's chief architect. He was born in Berlin, Germany.

In 1984 he founded the company Büro Albert Speer & Partner in Frankfurt am Main. He was responsible for the design of Expo 2000 in Hanover, design of the Shanghai International Automobile City, and the central axis in Beijing created while serving as lead designer for the 2008 Olympics.

Speer Jr. died in Frankfurt am Main, Germany on 15 September 2017 at the age of 83.


Keely Smith

Keely Smith (born Dorothy Jacqueline Keely, March 9, 1932 — December 16, 2017) was a Grammy Award-winning American jazz and popular music singer. She performed and recorded many times in the 1950s with then-husband Louis Prima, and throughout the 1960s as a solo-artist.

With her former husband Prima, their songs included Johnny Mercer's and Harold Arlen's "That Ol' Black Magic", which was a Top 20 hit in the US in 1958. At the 1st Annual Grammy Awards in 1959, Smith and Prima won the first Grammy for Best Performance by a Vocal Group for "That Ol' Black Magic".

Smith died of apparent heart failure in Palm Springs, California on December 16, 2017 at the age of 85.


Redfoo

Stefan Kendal Gordy (September 3, 1975, Los Angeles, California) is better known for his scene, Redfoo's art was an American Singer, songwriter, rapper, DJ, record producer, dancer, and the son of an American record executive, the founder of Monotow Records, Berry Gordy. In 2006, he created the band LMFAO with its worldwide success in 2011 with the album Sorry Party Rocking before they were removed in 2012. In 2016, he released his album Party Rock Maison.

The first artist to reach 1 million like on YouTube with Videoclip Party Rock Anthem on November 15, 2011 (under the pseudonym LMFAO.)

Nabeel Qureshi

Nabeel Qureshi (April 13, 1983 – September 16, 2017) was an American Christian apologist writer and speaker, converted from Islam to Christianity. He was born in California.

Qureshi was a speaker with Ravi Zacharias International Ministries (RZIM) and the author of three books, "Seeking Allah, Finding Jesus: A Devout Muslim Encounters Christianity" (Zondervan, February 2014), "Answering Jihad: A Better Way Forward" (Zondervan, March 2016), and "No God But One—Allah or Jesus" (Zondervan, August 2016).

Qureshi died of advanced stomach cancer on September 16, 2017 at the age of 34.

Peter Lassally

Peter Lassally (born 1933) is a German-born American executive television producer and Holocaust survivor. He was born in Hamburg, Germany. He is a former Carson Productions executive. He was the executive producer of "The Tonight Show Starring Johnny Carson", "Late Night with David Letterman", the "Late Show with David Letterman" and the "Late Late Show with Craig Ferguson".

Jaspillite

Jaspillite, or "jaspilite", is a chemical rock formed similar to chert. It is usually iron rich. It also has the name "jasper taconite". 

Jaspillite is typically a layered mixture of hematite and quartz. It is common in the banded iron formation rocks of Proterozoic and Archaean age in the Canadian shield of North America.

Jaspillite is also a sedimentary rock.in certain lead-zinc ore deposits.

It is used as a gemstone.


Bautista Álvarez

Bautista Goyel Álvarez Domínguez (1933 – 16 September 2017) was a Spanish nationalist politician and historian. He was born in San Amaro, Spain. He served as the President of the Galician People's Union from 1964 through 1977.

Álvarez died of a heart attack on 16 September 2017 at his sister's home in Beariz, Spain at the age of 84.


María Cristina Arango Vega

María Cristina Arango Vega (15 October 1928 – 15 September 2017) was the widow of the 23rd President of Colombia, Misael Pastrana Borrero. She served as First Lady of Colombia from 1970 to 1974. She was also the mother of the 30th President Andrés Pastrana Arango. She was born in Bogota.

Arango Vega died in Bogota on 15 September 2017 at the age of 88.

Misael Pastrana Borrero

Misael Eduardo Pastrana Borrero (14 November 1923 – 21 August 1997) was the 23rd President of Colombia from 1970 to 1974.

During his four years in office, Pastrana was cautiously progressive. He sought to increase employment opportunities with a famous four-point strategy. He attempted to boost national savings as a way of moving away from dependency on foreign investment and credit, and he extended pensions rights for many people.

His son, Andrés Pastrana Arango, later became the 30th President of Colombia.

Pastrana died in Bogotá, Columbia on 21 August 1997 of a stroke at the age of 73.

Ted Christopher

Ted Christopher (June 5, 1958 – September 16, 2017), sometimes called "Teddy" Christopher, was an American racing driver. He was born in Plainville, Connecticut. 

Christopher has raced and won in many different types of race cars, including Modifieds, SK Modifieds, ISMA, Camping World East Series, Late Models, Pro Stocks, and Midgets. 

Christopher also raced in NASCAR's Nextel Cup, Busch, and Craftsman Truck Series. He is best known for competing in NASCAR's Whelen Modified Tour, where he has over 40 victories and a championship in 2008. He is also well known for his success on the 1.058 mile New Hampshire Motor Speedway where Christopher has won five Camping World East Series events and 5 Whelen Modified Tour events.

Christopher was an aggressive driver, known for his infamous "Three Tap Rule" when passing cars in front of him, though his driving style changed in his later career and has brought more success to his racing career.

Christopher was killed in an airplane crash near North Branford, Connecticut on September 16, 2017 at the age of 59.


Mitchell Flint

Mitchell Flint (June 27, 1923 – September 16, 2017) was an American lawyer and a veteran aviator. He was a U.S. Navy Fighter pilot during World War II, and later served as an American Volunteer pilot in Israel's first fighter squadron during its War of Independence. He was born in Kansas City, Missouri.

Flint died on September 16, 2017 in Los Angeles, California from complications of pneumonia at the age of 94.

Carl Duering

Carl Duering (born 29 May 1923) is a German-born British actor. He was born in Berlin, Germany. He is best known role is as Dr. Brodsky in Stanley Kubrick's 1971 movie "A Clockwork Orange".

Steven Berkoff

Steven Leslie Berks (born 3 August 1937), known professionally as Steven Berkoff, is an English character actor, author, playwright and theatre director. 

As an actor, he is best known for his performances in villainous roles, such as Lt. Col Podovsky in "", General Orlov in the James Bond movie "Octopussy, "Victor Maitland in "Beverly Hills Cop" and Adolf Hitler in the TV mini-series "War and Remembrance". He also played Det. Const. Tom in the 1971 movie "A Clockwork Orange".

Marcelo Rezende

Marcelo Luiz Rezende Fernandes (November 12, 1951 – September 16, 2017) was a Brazilian journalist and television presenter. He was born in Rio de Janeiro.

He began his career as a sports journalist in Rio de Janeiro in the coverage of several major games in the 1970s. Rezende worked at Rede Globo for 23 years as a reporter, where he was hired to present the Linha Direta police program until December 2000. The last program he worked in was called "Cidade Alerta" (Alert City) and was presented on RecordTV. 

Rezende died of multiple organ failure complicated by pancreatic cancer in Rio de Janeiro on September 16, 2017 at the age of 65.

Cecilia Caballero Blanco

Cecilia Caballero Blanco (30 September 1913 – 13 August 2019) was the widow of the 24th President of Colombia, Alfonso López Michelsen, and served as First Lady of Colombia from 1974 to 1978.

Caballero Blanco was born on 30 September 1913 in Bogotá. She married Alfonso López Michelsen on 23 October 1938. They had three children: Alfonso, Juan Manuel, and Felipe.

Caballero Blanco turned 100 in September 2013. She died on 13 August 2019 in Bogotá at the age of 105.

Alfonso López Michelsen

Alfonso López Michelsen (30 June 1913 – 11 July 2007) was the 24th President of Colombia from 1974 to 1978. López was the son of former two time president of Colombia, Alfonso López Pumarejo. He was born and raised in Bogotá.

In 1974, López was selected by the Liberal Party in as their candidate for president after defeating former president Carlos Lleras Restrepo in the party presidential primaries. He won the general election by a large margin against the Conservative Party candidate Álvaro Gómez Hurtado and the ANAPO candidate, María Eugenia Rojas.

In his inaugural speech on August 7, 1974, López was mostly remembered for calling the border disputed area in the Gulf of Venezuela by its native name "Gulf of Coquibacoa" given by the wayuus. On September 14, 1977 in Bogotá a bloody riot started in all sections of the city, the riot was called The National Civic Strike. The two days riot left a death toll of 80 people, and 2000 people injured.

Upon the end of his term in 1978, he again became the leader of Liberal Party. He ran for president again in 1982, but was defeated by the Conservative Party candidate, Belisario Betancur.

Lopez Michelsen died in Bogotá on July 11, 2007 after suffering a heart attack.


President of Colombia

The President of the Republic of Colombia () is the head of state and head of government of Colombia.

The office of president was established upon the ratification of the Constitution of 1819, by the Congress of Angostura, convened in December 1819, when Colombia was ""la Gran Colombia"". The first president, General Simón Bolívar, took office in 1819. His position, initially self-proclaimed, was ratified by Congress.

The current president of the Republic of Colombia is Gustavo Petro, who took office on 7 August 2022.

As of , there are five living former presidents:

The most recent death of a former president was that of Belisario Betancur (1982–1986) on ; he was 95 years old.


Nydia Quintero Turbay

Nydia Quintero Turbay (born 28 August 1932) is a Colombian philanthropist and the ex-wife of the 25th President of Colombia, Julio César Turbay Ayala, and served as First Lady of Colombia from 1978 to 1982 when they were still married.

She is the President of "Fundación Solidaridad por Colombia", a nonprofit organization dedicated to improving the condition of impoverished Colombian families through educational and nutritional programs for children, the disabled and the poor.

Gustavo Balcázar Monzón

Gustavo Balcázar Monzón (born 10 August 1927) is a Colombian lawyer and retired politician.

Balcázar Monzón is a member of the Colombian Liberal Party. He served as Member of both the Senate and the Chamber of Representatives of Colombia, presiding over both chambers of Congress. He also served in the administrations of President Guillermo León Valencia as the 48th Governor of Valle del Cauca, and as the 16th Minister of Agriculture, and in the administration of President Julio César Turbay Ayala as the 18th Ambassador of Colombia to the United Kingdom, and Non-Resident Ambassador to Algeria.

Émile Idée

Émile Idée (born 19 July 1920) is a former French professional road bicycle racer. He was born in Nouvion-le-Comte, France. 

Idée is a five-time winner of the Critérium International, a record shared with Raymond Poulidor and Jens Voigt. He finished in second place in the 1948 Paris–Roubaix.


Chris Wallace

Christopher W. Wallace (born October 12, 1947) is an American television anchor and political commentator. He is the host of the Fox Broadcasting Company/Fox News Channel program "Fox News Sunday". 

Wallace has won three Emmy Awards and the Dupont-Columbia Silver Baton Award. Wallace has been with Fox News since 2003. As a previous moderator of "Meet the Press" on NBC, Wallace is the only person to date to have served as host/moderator of more than one of the major Sunday morning political talk shows.

French Stewart

Milton French-Stewart (born February 20, 1964), known professionally as French Stewart, is an American actor and comedian. He is best known for his role as Harry Solomon on the 1990s sitcom "3rd Rock from the Sun" and for his role as Chef Rudy on the sitcom "Mom".

Xiaolongbao

Xiaolongbao (小笼包) are small steamed buns, originally from the Jiangnian region in China, especially connected to Shanghai and Wuxi. Traditionally they are filled with pork, but this can be mixed with other things, like crab meat and roe (eggs). Modern versions of these buns are often contain other meats, seafood or vegetarian fillings. 

The buns are wrapped in a dough, which sometimes gets bigger by rising (called a "leavened" dough), or they're wrapped in a dough which doesn't do this (called an "unleavened" dough). The buns are then steamed over boiling water to cook them. 

It is possible to buy deep frozen Xiaolongbao worldwide, normally in special shops or supermarkets which sell ingredients for Chinese cooking.

List of Ekushey Padak winners in Arts

The Ekushey Padak in Arts winners are listed here.

Herrlisheim-près-Colmar

Herrlisheim-près-Colmar is a commune in the Haut-Rhin department of east France.

Huron County, Ohio

Huron County is a county in the U.S. state of Ohio. In 2020, 58,565 people lived there. The county seat is Norwalk.

Sandusky County, Ohio

Sandusky County is a county in the U.S. state of Ohio. In 2020, 58,896 people lived there. The county seat is Fremont.

Penny Chenery

Helen Bates "Penny" Chenery Tweedy (January 27, 1922 – September 16, 2017) was an American sportswoman. She was born in New Rochelle, New York. Chenery bred and raced Secretariat, the 1973 winner of the Triple Crown. In addition to breeding Secretariat, Chenery bred Saratoga Dew, who became the first New York-bred horse to ever win an Eclipse Award when the filly was voted the 1992 American Champion Three-Year-Old Filly.

In March 2011, Randolph-Macon College in Ashland, Virginia awarded Chenery an Honorary Doctor of Laws degree. 

Chenery died on September 16, 2017 at her home in Boulder, Colorado from complications from a stroke at the age of 95.

John Tilley

John Tilley (1571 - 1621) was a Mayflower passenger and one of the signers of the Mayflower Compact. He died during his first winter in America.

Secretariat (horse)

Secretariat (March 30, 1970 – October 4, 1989) was an American Thoroughbred racehorse who, in 1973, became the first Triple Crown winner in 25 years. He was born in Caroline County, Virginia.

His record-breaking win in the Belmont Stakes, where he left the field 31 lengths behind him, is widely known as one of the greatest races of all time. He was bred and owned by Penny Chenery. 

During his racing career, he won five Eclipse Awards, including Horse of the Year honors at ages two and three. He was elected to the National Museum of Racing and Hall of Fame in 1974. 

In the List of the Top 100 U.S. Racehorses of the 20th Century, Secretariat is second only to Man o' War (racing career 1919–1920), who also was a large chestnut colt given the nickname "Big Red".

Secretariat was euthanized after suffering from laminitis, a hoof disease, at a farm in Paris, Kentucky on October 4, 1989 at the age of 19.


Eugenio Bersellini

Eugenio Bersellini (10 June 1936 – 17 September 2017) was an Italian football player and manager. He was born in Borgo Val di Taro, Kingdom of Italy. He was known for playing with Brescia Calcio, Monza and Lecce. He managed Como, Internazionale and Torino.

Bersellini died on 17 September 2017 in Prato, Italy of pneumonia at the age of 81.

Bob Holland

Robert George Holland (19 October 1946 – 17 September 2017) was an Australian cricketer. He was, because of his surname, nicknamed "Dutchy". He was born in Camperdown, New South Wales, Australia. 

Holland, who spent the majority of his cricketing life in Newcastle, was a late bloomer, and his Test debut aged 38 made him the oldest Australian debutant in more than half a century. Holland was part of the team that won the Sheffield Shield in 1982–83, 1984–85 and 1985–86. Holland finished his first class career with a season with Wellington in New Zealand’s domestic league.

In April 2017, Hollan was diagnosed with brain cancer. He later died from the disease on 17 September 2017 in Newcastle, New South Wales, Australia at the age of 70.


Petr Šabach

Petr Šabach (August 23, 1951 – September 16, 2017) was a Czech novelist. He was born in Prague, Czechoslovakia. He studied at Charles University.

Šabach was known for his novels "Jak potopit Austrálii" (1986), "Hovno hoří" (1994), "Zvláštní problém Františka S." (1996), "Putování mořského koně" (1998), "Babičky" (1998), "Opilé banány" (2001), "Čtyři muži na vodě" (2003), "Ramon" (2004), "Občanský průkaz" (2006), "Tři vánoční povídky" (2007) and "Škoda lásky" (2009).

Šabach died on September 16, 2017 in Prague at the age of 66.

Charles Dance

Walter Charles Dance, OBE (born 10 October 1946) is an English actor, screenwriter, and movie director. He is known for playing strict, authoritarian characters and villains.

Dance is known for his roles as Tywin Lannister in HBO's "Game of Thrones", Guy Perron in "The Jewel in the Crown" (1984), Sardo Numspa in "The Golden Child" (1986), Jonathan Clemens in "Alien 3" (1992), Benedict in "Last Action Hero" (1993), the Master Vampire in "Dracula Untold" (2014), Lord Havelock Vetinari in "Terry Pratchett's Going Postal" (2010), Legantir in "Justin and the Knights of Valour" (2013) and Alastair Denniston in "The Imitation Game" (2014).

Dance was appointed an Officer of the Order of the British Empire (OBE) on 17 June 2006. He lives in Kentish Town in north London.

Joan Ganz Cooney

Joan Ganz Cooney (born Joan Ganz; November 30, 1929) is an American television producer. She is one of the founders of Sesame Workshop (originally "Children's Television Workshop" or CTW), the organization famous for the creation of the children's television show "Sesame Street", which was also co-created by her.


Aleksandar Vučić

Aleksandar Vučić (, born 5 March 1970) is a Serbian politician. He has been the President of Serbia since 31 May 2017. He is also the chairman of the Serbian Progressive Party (SNS). 

Before he became president, Vučić served as Prime Minister of Serbia from 2014 until 2017. Vučić served as Minister of Information from 1998 to 2000 and later as Minister of Defence from 2012 to 2013, as well as First Deputy Prime Minister from 2012 to 2014. 

In April 2017, Vučić was elected President of Serbia with 55% of the vote in the first round, thus avoiding a second round. He became president from 31 May 2017, taking over from Tomislav Nikolić. His was sworn in on 23 June 2017.

Solicitor General of the United States

The United States Solicitor General is the fourth-highest-ranking official in the U.S. Department of Justice. 

The United States Solicitor General is the person appointed to represent the federal government of the United States before the Supreme Court of the United States. The current Solicitor General, Elizabeth Prelogar on October 28, 2021.

The Solicitor General determines the legal position that the United States will take in the Supreme Court. In addition to supervising and conducting cases in which the government is a party, the office of the Solicitor General also files "amicus curiae" briefs in cases in which the federal government has a significant interest in the legal issue. 

The office of the Solicitor General argues on behalf of the government in virtually every case in which the United States is a party, and also argues in most of the cases in which the government has filed an "amicus" brief.

Noel Francisco

Noel John Francisco (born August 21, 1969) is an American attorney and the 47th Solicitor General of the United States from September 19, 2017 to July 3, 2020. He served as Principal Deputy Solicitor General of the United States. 

Francisco was nominated to be Solicitor General of the United States in the Donald Trump administration in March 2017. He was confirmed by the U.S. Senate by a vote of 50-47 on September 19, 2017. He took office the same day.


Charles Fried

Charles Fried (April 15, 1935 – January 23, 2024) was a Czech-born American jurist and lawyer of Jewish descent. He served as United States Solicitor General under President Ronald Reagan from 1985 to 1989. He was a professor at Harvard Law School and was a visiting professor at Columbia Law School.

Fried was the author of nine books and over 30 journal articles, and his work appeared in over a dozen collections.

Fried died on January 23, 2024 at the age of 88.

Protected area

Protected areas or conservation areas are locations with special protection. They are protected because of their recognized natural, ecological or cultural importance. Areas are usually protected by law. The law can be local, from the country of the protected area, or even internationally.

Protected areas are important for biodiversity. They often provide an area safe from hunting or changes to the environment. This provides a safe habitat for threatened and endangered species. They are also important to protect naturally formed areas, like the Grand Canyon, from damage by humans.

There are many types of protected areas. One type is a marine protected area. A marine protected area is for seas, oceans, estuaries or large lakes.

Northeast Greenland National Park is an example of a protected area. The park protects a large variety of animals, such as musk oxen, walrus, and King Eider. Another example of a protected area is the Valley of the Kings in Egypt. This area is protected because it is an important archaeological site.


Bonnie Angelo

Veronica Estelle "Bonnie" Angelo (January 29, 1924 – September 17, 2017) was an American journalist and author. She was born in Winston-Salem, North Carolina. She was known for being the author of "First Mothers". During her more than twenty-five years with "Time", yet served as a Washington correspondent from 1967–1978, she has reported on the White House and has covered newsmakers and events across America and the world. 

Angelo died at a nursing home in Bethesda, Maryland of complications from dementia on September 17, 2017 at the age of 93.


Nutley, New Jersey

Nutley is a township in Essex County, New Jersey, United States. As of the 2020 United States Census, the township's population was 30,143.

What is now Nutley was originally incorporated as Franklin Township by an act of the New Jersey Legislature on February 18, 1874, from portions of Belleville Township. Nutley was incorporated as a Town on March 5, 1902, replacing Franklin Township.

"New Jersey Monthly" magazine ranked Nutley as its 38th best place to live in its 2008 rankings of the "Best Places To Live" in New Jersey.

Katt Williams

Micah Sierra "Katt" Williams (born September 2, 1971) is an American stand-up comedian, rapper, singer and actor. He acted as Money Mike in "Friday After Next" (2002). He also played Bobby Shaw in "My Wife and Kids". In 2007, he played Lord Have Mercy in "Norbit".

Williams was born in Cincinnati, Ohio.

Antonio Ibáñez de Alba

Antonio Ibáñez de Alba (born Chiclana de la Frontera, 1956) is a Spanish engineer, researcher and scientist.

He is known mainly for his project of Artificial Palm Trees in Libya for the creation of microclimates in the deser at the Great Man-Made River. The Libyan government invested in this project nearly one billion dollars for the installation of 50,000 palm trees.

During the summer of 2017 his patent of floating water without salt was reflected by worldwide media.

His investigations are quoted in scientific publications as well as in the media.


Hurricane Jose (2017)

Hurricane Jose was a 2017 Atlantic tropical cyclone. The storm threatened the Mid-Atlantic States of Maryland, Delaware, New York and New Jersey, and the New England states of Connecticut, Rhode Island and southeast Massachusetts.

Jose had earlier threatened the Leeward Islands, the same areas hit by Hurricane Irma.

Jose's winds went as high as 155 miles per hour before threatening the Leeward Islands.

Tropical cyclone notices were issued from the Maryland/Delaware border to eastern Massachusetts on September 17, 2017.

Sevendust

Sevendust is an American heavy metal band formed in 1994.


Marine reserve

A marine reserve is a type of marine protected area. The protection is for seas, oceans, estuaries or large lakes. Laws protect the plants and animals in a reserve. The area is kept safe for conservation and to provide special opportunities for study or research.

In a marine reserve people are not allowed to take plants or animals, except for research. This includes fishing. People are still allowed to swim or scuba dive.

The Ningaloo Reef in Australia is an example of a marine reserve. This reef includes six of the seven types of sea turtles in the world. Another example is Hol Chan Marine Reserve in Belize. Hol Chan includes coral reefs and a mangrove forest.


Stanislav Petrov

Stanislav Yevgrafovich Petrov (; 9 September 1939 – 19 May 2017) was a lieutenant colonel of the Soviet Air Defence Forces. 

On September 26, 1983, just three weeks after the Soviet military had shot down Korean Air Lines Flight 007, Petrov was the duty officer at the command center for the Oko nuclear early-warning system when the system reported that a missile had been launched from the United States, followed by up to five more. Petrov judged the reports to be a false alarm, and his decision is credited with having prevented an erroneous retaliatory nuclear attack on the United States and its NATO allies that could have resulted in large-scale nuclear war. 

Investigation later confirmed that the Soviet satellite warning system had indeed malfunctioned.

1 Line (Sound Transit)

The 1 Line is a light rail train line in Seattle, Washington. It runs from the city's airport to Downtown Seattle and the University of Washington. The train started running in 2009.

Mike Hicks

Mike Hicks (August 1937 – 7 September 2017) was a British former politician, former executive member of printers’ union SOGAT, and former General Secretary of the Communist Party of Britain from 1988 through 1998. He was also a members of the Labour Party. He was born in Wapping, London, England.

Hicks died on 7 September 2017 in Bournemouth, Dorset, England of a heart attack at the age of 80.

José Florencio Guzmán

José Florencio Guzmán Correa (22 June 1929 – 16 September 2017) was a Chilean politician. He was born in Santiago de Chile. He was Minister of Defense from 1 August 1998 until 22 June 1999.

Guzmán died on 16 September 2017 in Santiago at the age of 88.

The Secret Life of Pets

The Secret Life of Pets is a 2016 American movie distributed by Universal Studios and produced by Illumination Entertainment. The movie is all about pets. Louis C.K. plays Max. Eric Stonestreet plays Duke. Kevin Hart plays Snowball. Jenny Slate plays Gidget. Ellie Kemper plays Katie.

Nicolaas Jouwe

Nicolaas Jouwe (24 November 1923 – 16 September 2017) was a Papuan leader. He was elected Vice President of the New Guinea Council that governed the Dutch colony of Netherlands New Guinea. 

As the president of the New Guinea Council, Jouwe was the highest ranking Papuan politician in the colony. After the colony was ceded to the United Nations Temporary Executive Authority in October 1962 and later to Indonesia six months later, Jouwe left New Guinea for the Netherlands, where he settled in the town of Delft. He vowed never to return to his native land if it were still occupied by Indonesia, but nevertheless resettled to West Papua in 2010 to die there.

Jouwe died in West Papua on 16 September 2017 at age 93.

Mary Fairfax

Mary Fairfax (formerly Symonds, born Marie Wein; 15 August 1922 – 17 September 2017) was a Polish-born Australian philanthropist.

As the third wife of Sir Warwick Fairfax she became known as Lady Fairfax upon his knighthood in 1967. She inherited most of his vast fortune upon his death in 1987, becoming one of Australia's richest women.

Fairfax's personal wealth in 2012 was estimated by the "BRW" at A$418 million.

Lucy Ozarin

Lucy Ozarin (August 8, 1914 – September 17, 2017) was an American psychiatrist. She was born in Brooklyn, New York. She served in the United States Navy. She was one of the first women psychiatrists commissioned in the Navy, and she was one of seven women Navy psychiatrists who served during World War II.

During her late nineties, Ozarin wrote over fifty brief biographies of psychiatrists on Wikipedia.

Ozarin died in Bethesda, Maryland on September 17, 2017 of respiratory failure at the age of 103.

René Drucker Colín

René Raúl Drucker Colín (15 May 1937 – 17 September 2017) was a Mexican scientist, investigator and journalist. He was born in Mexico City, Mexico. He worked in the fields of physiology and neuroscience. From 1985 through 1990, he was the Director of Neuroscience at the National Autonomous University of Mexico. He served as President of the Mexican Academy of Sciences from 2000 through 2002.

Drucker Colín died on 17 September 2017 in Mexico City at the age of 80.


Jean Plaskie

Jean Plaskie (24 August 1941 – 18 September 2017) was a Belgian former football player. He was born in Brussels, Belgium.

He played for R.S.C. Anderlecht and the Belgium. He played in the match Belgium-Netherlands in 1964 with 10 fellows from the Anderlecht team after the substitution of goalkeeper Delhasse by Jean Trappeniers.

Plaskie died on 18 September 2017 in Brussels at the age of 76.

William F. Goodling

William Franklin "Bill" Goodling (December 5, 1927 – September 17, 2017) was an American Republican politician. He was born in Loganville, Pennsylvania. He was a member of the United States House of Representatives from Pennsylvania's 19th congressional district from 1975 through 2001. 

At the time of his death, he was the Chairman of the Board of the Goodling Institute for Research in Family Literacy.

Goodling died from complications of a cerebral aneurysm on September 17, 2017 in York, Pennsylvania at the age of 89.


Richard V. Allen

Richard Vincent Allen (born January 1, 1936) was the United States National Security Advisor to President Ronald Reagan from 1981 to 1982, having been Reagan's chief foreign policy advisor from 1977. He has been a fellow of the Hoover Institution since 1983. He was a member of the Defense Policy Board Advisory Committee.

John Poindexter

John Marlan Poindexter (born August 12, 1936) is a retired United States naval officer and Department of Defense official. He was Deputy National Security Advisor and National Security Advisor for the Reagan administration. He was convicted in April 1990 of multiple felonies as a result of his actions in the Iran–Contra affair, but his convictions were reversed on appeal in 1991. 

Robert McFarlane

Robert Carl "Bud" McFarlane (July 12, 1937 – May 12, 2022) was an American Marine Corps officer. He served as National Security Advisor to President of the United States Ronald Reagan from 1983 through 1985. 

McFarlane was involved in, and pleaded guilty to charges for actions related to, the Iran-Contra affair, but received a pardon from President George H. W. Bush.

McFarlane died on May 12, 2022 at a hospital in Lansing, Michigan from problems caused by lung disease at the age of 84.


Saliva (band)

Saliva is an American rock band from Memphis. They were signed to Island Records. The band was formed in 1996 and released their first album in 1997.

Nanyang

Nanyang is a way of writing two common Chinese place names. It may refer to:





Sikorsky S-92

Sikorsky S-92 is an American civil helicopter. When it's used by militaries it's called H-92 Superhawk. CH-148 Cyclone is a special variant built for Canadian services.


Grumman F-11 Tiger

Grumman F-11/F11F Tiger is an American fighter jet. It was used by the US Navy, in particular by the Blue Angels. After September 1962 it was called F-11 Tiger.
None were sold to foreign countries.
The F11F was a single-seat, supersonic carrier-based fighter. For the majority of its lifetime, it held multiple world records with a record altitude set at 76,939ft and also being one of Grumman's first Supersonic fighter aircraft. It had the engine powerplant of a Wright J65. The F11F Tiger had a range of 1,274 miles and a cruise speed of 577mph.

Ásynja

Ásynja (plural: asynjur) refers to Norse mythology. Female gods in Norse mythology are called Ásynja. The male gods are called Æsir; there are 14 Æsir, and there are also 14 asynjur.

List of Chinese mathematicians

This is a list of noted mathematicians from China.





List of ecologists

This is a list of noted ecologist by country.















Virgin and Child from the Sainte-Chapelle

The Virgin and Child from the Sainte-Chapelle is a statue carved out of ivory, the tusks of elephants.

The statue was made in about 1270 in France, and was made for the cathedral (or church) named the Sainte-Chapelle in Paris, France. It is 41 centimetres tall, and is a sculpture of the Virgin Mary holding the baby Jesus.

The statue is now in the Louvre museum in Paris, France.

Morphallaxis

Morphallaxis is the when some living things regenerate or regrow tissue after the original tissue dies. The word comes from the Greek "allazein", which means "to exchange".

For example, if a Cnidarian hydra, a microscopic animal, is cut in half, two new hydra grow.

Around the year 1930, scientists Wilson and Child showed that if the hydra was smashed to pulp and put through an instrument with tiny holes in it to separate each cell individually but without breaking any one cell, the hydra completely reformed itself.

Most tissue in Morphallaxis grows from material already present material. Not much new tissue is created .

Hésingue

Hésingue is a commune. It is found in the Haut-Rhin department of eastern France.

Hettenschlag

Hettenschlag is a commune. It is found in the Haut-Rhin department of eastern France.

Hindlingen

Hindlingen is a commune. It is in the Haut-Rhin department of eastern France.

Hirsingue

Hirsingue is a commune. It is in the Haut-Rhin department of eastern France.

List of biologists

This is a list of noted biologists.







Hirtzbach

Hirtzbach is a commune. It is found in the Haut-Rhin department of eastern France.

Hirtzfelden

Hirtzfelden is a commune. It is found in the Haut-Rhin department of eastern France.

Hochstatt

Hochstatt is a commune. It is in the Haut-Rhin department of eastern France.

Hohrod

Hohrod is a commune. It is found in the Haut-Rhin department of eastern France.

Holtzwihr

Holtzwihr is a former commune. It is found in the Haut-Rhin department of eastern France. On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the new commune of Porte-du-Ried.

Anglards-de-Saint-Flour

Anglards-de-Saint-Flour is a commune. It is in the Cantal department.

Albepierre-Bredons

Albepierre-Bredons is a commune. It is in the Cantal department.

2017 Puebla earthquake

The 2017 Puebla earthquake struck at 13:14 CDT (18:14 UTC) on 19 September 2017 with a magnitude estimated to be 7.1 on the seismic scale approximately south of Puebla. It has caused damage in the Mexican state of Puebla and the Greater Mexico City area, including the collapse of over twenty buildings.

The quake occurred on the 32nd anniversary of the 1985 Mexico City earthquake, which killed about 10,000 people. The 1985 quake was commemorated on its anniversary with a national earthquake drill at 11 a.m. local time, two hours before the earthquake struck.

False alarm

A false alarm is an alert that is caused in error. False alarms can happen because of a problem with a technical system (like a faulty fire alarm), or they occur because someone alerted the emergency services in error. Many countries have laws that make causing a no alarm with lousy intent (such as making calls to the Police or Fire department) . If there is no bad intent, there is also no punishment.

List of Ekushey Padak winners in Education and research

The Ekushey Padak in Education and research winners are listed here.


Electronic paper

Electronic paper and e-paper are display devices that look like ordinary ink on paper.

Many electronic paper technologies keep the same text and images indefinitely without electricity. Flexible electronic paper uses plastic for the display.

Horbourg-Wihr

Horbourg-Wihr is a commune. It is in the Haut-Rhin department of eastern France. It is near Colmar.

Aspach-Michelbach

Aspach-Michelbach is a commune of the Haut-Rhin department in France. It was made on 1 January 2016 from the communes of Aspach-le-Haut and Michelbach.

Michelbach, Haut-Rhin

Michelbach is a former commune. It is found in the Haut-Rhin department of eastern France. On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the new commune of Aspach-Michelbach.

Houssen

Houssen is a commune. It is found in the Haut-Rhin department of eastern France.

Gerd Bollmann

Gerd Friedrich Bollmann (28 September 1947 – 17 September 2017) was a German politician. He was born in Wanne-Eickel, Herne. He was a member of the SPD. In the German Bundestag he was one of the top voted SPD members in Germany's national parliament, where he represant the Herne-Area.

Bollmann died on September 17, 2017 at the age of 69.


Langwies

Langwies was a municipality, in the municipality of Arosa and the district Plessur in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland.

Denens

Denens is a municipality in Morges in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.

Gunningen

Gunningen is a municipality in Tuttlingen in Baden-Württemberg in Germany.

Hunawihr

Hunawihr is a commune. It is found in the Haut-Rhin department of eastern France.

Hundsbach, Haut-Rhin

Hundsbach is a commune. It is found in the Haut-Rhin department of eastern France.

Fostoria, Ohio

Fostoria is a city in Ohio in the United States. It is in Hancock, Seneca, and Wood counties. It is 64 km south of Toledo and 140 km north of Columbus.

Hurricane Maria

Hurricane Maria was a hurricane of notable status that began in the Atlantic Ocean. It was part of the 2017 Atlantic hurricane season. The most intense tropical cyclone worldwide in 2017. Maria was the 13th named storm and 8th hurricane of the season.

Originated from easterly waves off the west coast of Africa. Maria became a tropical storm east of the Lesser Antilles on September 16 and quickly intensified to Category 5 before making landfall in Dominica on September 18.

The World Meteorological Organization retired the Maria name in April 2018, replacing it with Margot for the 2023 Atlantic hurricane season, due to the large number of deaths and destruction in Puerto Rico.

On September 12, originated from a tropical wave that left the west coast of Africa. It then began to develop and become more organized moving westward. On September 16, it became a tropical depression and was 580 miles (930 km) east of Barbados. The storm quickly became more tropical. It became a tropical storm the same day in 84 °F (29 °C) waters, in favorable conditions of the 80 °F (26.5 °C) that tropical storms usually require.

After becoming a tropical storm, it had an eye, a clear opening at the center of the storm. 6 hours later since becoming a tropical storm, the National Hurricane Center (NHC) named it Tropical Storm Maria. On September 17, Maria turned to move west-northwest and quickly becomes a Category 1 hurricane. In just 12 hours, it became a Category 5 hurricane with maximum winds of 160 mph (260 km/h) on September 18.
On the evening of September 19, Maria landed in Dominica and other islands in the Lesser Antilles. Continues to move west-northwestward and into the northeastern Caribbean Sea. Maria weakened slightly to a Category 4 hurricane due to land interaction with Dominica, but soon re-strengthened to a Category 5 hurricane, reaching peak intensity with winds of 175 mph (280 km/h).

Maria made landfall in Puerto Rico on September 20, and the eye of the wind increased significantly before making landfall on the island, resulting in a slightly weakened Category 4 hurricane with maximum winds of 155 mph (250 km/h)

On September 22, Hurricane Maria began to weaken because as wind shear began to erode it. Continues to move north-northwest and the northeast of the Turks and Caicos Islands with maximum winds of 126 mph (203 km/h).

On September 25, Maria continues to weaken as it moves along the southeast coast of the United States.

On September 27, Maria weakened to Category 1 with maximum winds of 75 mph (120 km/h), its center moved onto the coast of North Carolina, a few miles southeast of Cape Hatteras, weakened to a tropical storm the following day. Finally, Maria moved rapidly east-northwestward as an extratropical cyclone on September 30, then dissipated in the North Atlantic Ocean 3 days later.

On the morning of September 16, the National Hurricane Center issued its first warning that the system would become Tropical Storm Maria. Following the warnings, the government of France, Saint Lucia, and Barbados prepared for the storm.

Tacoma Stars (2003)

Tacoma Stars are a professional indoor soccer team located in Tacoma, Washington.

Reinach, Basel-Landschaft

Reinach (Swiss German: "Rynach") is a municipality in Arlesheim in the canton of Basel-Landschaft in Switzerland.


Muttenz

Muttenz (Swiss German: "Muttez") is a municipality in Arlesheim in the canton of Basel-Landschaft in Switzerland.


Lantsch/Lenz

Lantsch/Lenz (, ) is a municipality in the district of Albula in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland.

Lucerne-Land District

Lucerne-Land District is a new district of the Swiss canton of Lucerne.

These municipalities are in the district:


Lucerne-Stadt (district)

Lucerne-Land District is a new district of the Swiss canton of Lucerne. 81,592 people lived there in 31 December 2016. It includes only the city of Lucerne.

On 1 January 2010 the municipality of Littau merged into the city of Lucerne.

The district was created on 1 January 2013.

Erie County, Ohio

Erie County is a county in the U.S. state of Ohio. In 2020, 75,622 people lived there. The county seat is Sandusky.

Washington County, Ohio

Washington County is a county in the U.S. state of Ohio. In 2020, 59,771 people lived there. The county seat is Marietta.

Butler County, Ohio

Butler County is a county in the U.S. state of Ohio. In 2020, 390,357 people lived there. The county seat is Hamilton.

Wood County, Ohio

Wood County is a county in the U.S. state of Ohio. In 2020, 132,248 people lived there. The county seat is Bowling Green.

Hereford, Texas

Hereford is a city of Texas in the United States. In the 2020 census, 14,972 people lived there. It is the county seat of Deaf Smith.

Franklin, Ohio

Franklin is a city in Ohio. In 2020, 11,690 people lived there. The Great Miami River flows through Franklin.

San Carlos, California

San Carlos is a city in San Mateo County, California, United States. It is about halfway between San Francisco and San Jose. In the 2020 census, 30,722 people lived in San Carlos.

Gahanna, Ohio

Gahanna is a city in Franklin County, Ohio, United States. It is a suburb of Columbus. 35,726 people lived there in the 2020 census.

Galion, Ohio

Galion is a city in the U.S. state of Ohio. It is in Crawford, Morrow, and Richland counties. The population was 10,453 at the 2020 census. Galion is the second-largest city in Crawford County, after Bucyrus.

Marietta, Ohio

Marietta is a city in Ohio in the United States. It is the county seat of Washington County. 13,385 people lived there in the 2020 census.

The Muskingum River and Duck Creek flow into the Ohio River at Marietta.

Lillian Ross

Lillian Ross (Lillian Rosovsky; June 8, 1918 – September 20, 2017) was an American journalist and author. She was born in Syracuse, New York. Ross was a staff writer at "The New Yorker" from 1945 until she retired in 2001. She was known for her interviews with author J. D. Salinger.

Ross died from a stroke in Manhattan on September 20, 2017, at age 99.


James Morwood

James Henry Weldon Morwood (25 November 1943 – 10 September 2017) was an English Classicist, and Emeritus Fellow of Wadham College, Oxford University. He was born in Belfast, Northern Ireland.

Morwood’s status as a teacher of Classics was recognised in the 1990s when he was appointed President of the London Association of Classical Teachers for 1995-6, and subsequently President of the Joint Association of Classical Teachers (JACT) for 1999-2001. Morwood had a long association with JACT and with its Greek Summer School, which was launched in London in 1967

Morwood died in Ouranoupoli, Greece on 10 September 2017 of a heart attack at the age of 73.

David Shepherd (artist)

Richard David Shepherd CBE FRSA FGRA (25 April 1931 – 19 September 2017) was a British artist. He was known as one of the world's most outspoken conservationists. He was born in London, England.

Shepherd was most famous for his paintings of steam locomotives (he owned a number of them) and wildlife, although he also often painted aircraft, portraits (notably The Queen Mother) and landscapes. His work has been extremely popular since the 1960s in limited edition print reproduction and poster form, as well as other media such as Wedgwood limited edition plates. He published five books about his art, including an autobiography.

Shepherd died on 19 September 2017 of Parkinson's disease in Manchester, England at the age of 86.

Conservation movement

The conservation movement, also known as nature conservation, is a political, environmental and a social movement that seeks to protect natural resources including animal and plant species as well as their habitat for the future.

The early conservation movement included fisheries and wildlife management, water, soil conservation and sustainable forestry. The contemporary conservation movement has broadened from the early movement's emphasis on use of sustainable yield of natural resources and preservation of wilderness areas to include conservation biology and preservation of biodiversity.


Irwin Winkler

Irwin Winkler (born May 25, 1931) is an American movie producer and director. He is the producer or director of 50 movies, dating back to 1967's "Double Trouble", starring Elvis Presley. 

The fourth movie he produced, "They Shoot Horses, Don't They?" (1969), starring Jane Fonda, was nominated for nine Academy Awards. He won an Oscar for Best Picture for 1976's "Rocky". As a producer, he has been nominated for Best Picture for three other films: "Raging Bull", "The Right Stuff", and "Goodfellas".

Winkler was born to a Jewish family in New York City. He studied at New York University.

Ene Mihkelson

Ene Mihkelson (21 October 1944 – 20 September 2017) was an Estonian writer. He was born in Tammeküla, Imavere Parish, Viljandi County. 

Mihkelson has also published four novels, a selection of critical essays ("Kirjanduse seletusi", or "Explanations of Literature") and a collection of short stories ("Surma sünnipäev", or "The Birthday of Death"). In 2001 she published the novel "Ahasveeruse uni".

Mihkelson's works frequently include allusions to her childhood, spent in hiding, Estonian mythology, and Estonian history.

In 2006 she was awarded the Herder Prize and in 2010 the Baltic Assembly Prize for Literature.

Mihkelson died in Tartu, Estonia on 20 September 2017 at the age of 72.

John Larroquette

John Bernard Larroquette (born November 25, 1947) is an American actor and television director. He was born in New Orleans, Louisiana. He first became known as the narrator in the 1974 horror movie "The Texas Chainsaw Massacre".

His roles include Dan Fielding on the 1984–1992 sitcom "Night Court" (winning four consecutive Emmy Awards for his role), Mike McBride in the Hallmark Channel series "McBride", John Hemingway on "The John Larroquette Show", and Carl Sack in "Boston Legal". 

Larroquette is currently playing Jenkins/Galahad in TNT's "The Librarians".

Larroquette battled alcoholism from the mid-1970s to the early 1980s. On "The Tonight Show with Jay Leno" on March 10, 2007, he joked, "I was known to have a cocktail or 60." He stopped drinking February 6, 1982.


SummerSlam (2017)

SummerSlam (2017) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view (PPV) event and WWE Network event produced by WWE for the Raw and SmackDown brands. It took place on August 20, 2017, at Barclays Center in Brooklyn, New York. It was the thirtieth event under the SummerSlam chronology.

Thirteen matches were contested at the event, including three on the pre-show. The event featured eight championship matches, the most for a SummerSlam event, where five of the titles changed hands. In the main event, Brock Lesnar defeated Braun Strowman, Roman Reigns, and Samoa Joe in a fatal four-way match to retain the Universal Championship and in the penultimate match, Jinder Mahal defeated Shinsuke Nakamura to retain the WWE Championship. On the undercard, AJ Styles defeated Kevin Owens to retain the United States Championship in a match that featured Shane McMahon as the special guest referee, Dean Ambrose and Seth Rollins defeated Cesaro and Sheamus to win the Raw Tag Team Championship, and John Cena defeated Baron Corbin in the opening match.

Jean Fouquet

Jean (or Jehan) Fouquet (1420–1481) was an important French painter of the 15th century, a master of both panel painting and manuscript illumination, and the apparent inventor of the portrait miniature. He was the first French artist to travel to Italy and experience first-hand the early Italian Renaissance.

Sore throat

Sore throat or throat pain is pain in a person's throat.

About 7.5% or of people have sore throat in any three-month period. Most of the time, it is caused by viral pharyngitis. It can also be caused by bad tonsils, trauma, strep throat, tumors, and other problems.

Treatment varies with the different causes, but the painful symptoms can be helped with medicine such as cough drops or, in China, pear-syrup candy.

Simmering

Simmering is a method of cooking in water, where the temperature is kept just below that where the water would boil.

The temperature at which this is achieved is around .

To bring water to the point where it simmers, you first heat the water to boiling point, which is , then reduce the heat so that the bubbles on top of the water have almost stopped.



Manuel Mejuto González

Manuel Enrique Mejuto González (born 16 April 1965) is a former Spanish football referee. His most important refereeing role was in the 2005 UEFA Champions League Final in Istanbul, between Liverpool and Milan. He became a FIFA listed referee in 1999. He retired in August 2010.

Mejuto was born in La Felguera, Asturias. Outside of football, he is a civil servant.

Northern Norway

Northern Norway is a geographical region and district of Norway. It is the three northernmost counties Nordland, Troms and Finnmark.

Northern Norway has a total of about 35% of the Norwegian mainland. Some of the largest towns in Northern Norway (from south to north) are Mo i Rana, Bodø, Narvik, Harstad, Tromsø and Alta. Northern Norway is often described as the land of the midnight sun and the land of the northern lights.

Kurów, West Pomeranian Voivodeship

Kurów is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Kołbaskowo, in Police County, West Pomeranian Voivodeship in northwestern Poland. It is the border to Germany. It is 20 km south of Police and 9 km southwest of the regional capital Szczecin.

Sissach

Sissach is the capital of the district of Sissach in the canton of Basel-Landschaft in Switzerland.


Williams County, Ohio

Williams County is a county in the U.S. state of Ohio. In 2020, 37,102 people lived there. The county seat is Bryan.

Lavin

Lavin was a municipality of the district of Inn in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2015, the former municipalities of Lavin and Susch merged into the municipality of Zernez.

Maple Heights, Ohio

Maple Heights is a city in Cuyahoga County, Ohio, United States. At the 2020 census, 23,701 people lived there.

Allen County, Ohio

Allen County is a county of Ohio in the United States. As of the 2020 census, 102,206 people lived there. The county seat is Lima.

Van Wert County, Ohio

Van Wert County is a county in the U.S. state of Ohio. In 2020, 28,931 people lived there. The county seat is Van Wert.

Adams County, Ohio

Adams County is a county in the U.S. state of Ohio. In the 2020 census, 27,477 people lived there. The county seat is West Union. It was founded in 1797 and named after John Adams, the second President of the United States.

The county has a total area of .

Loveland, Ohio

Loveland is a city in the U.S. state of Ohio.

Huningue

Huningue is a commune. It is found in the Haut-Rhin department of eastern France. It is a northern suburb of the Swiss city of Basel.

Husseren-les-Châteaux

Husseren-les-Châteaux is a commune. It is found in the Haut-Rhin department of eastern France.

Alfonso X

Alfonso X (23 November 1221 – 4 April 1284) called the Wise () was the King of Castile and León from 1252 until his death in 1284.

Tandem trike

Tandem trike is a vehicle with three wheels for two or more people, who drive it together with their forces. It is not the same as a classic with clear separation between chauffeur and the passengers. By 2017, the following firms are known to produce tandem trikes:


1893 Sea Islands hurricane

The 1893 Sea Islands hurricane was a very deadly tropical cyclone. It was Category 3 under Saffir-Simpson scale. The storm had winds near 120 mph. It made landfall at the Georgia-South Carolina border in late August 1893.

The hurricane had a severe storm surge.

It took the lives of 1,000–2,000 people when it made landfall, mostly from storm surge.

Château de Nantouillet

The is a ruined château at Nantouillet, a very small town in the Seine-et-Marne département of north-central France. Antoine Duprat, a French cardinal and politician, built it in the 16th century. He died in the château on 15 July 1535. There was an old fort on the land before Duprat built the château..

The château was classed as a "monument historique" (historic monument) of France in 1862.

Auglaize County, Ohio

Auglaize County is a county of Ohio in the United States. In 2020, 46,422 people lived there. The county seat is Wapakoneta. It is named after the Auglaize River.

The county has a total area of .

1909 Monterrey hurricane

The 1909 Monterrey hurricane was one of the most deadly tropical cyclones on record. The storm struck the Leeward Islands, Puerto Rico, Hispaniola, Cuba, Mexico and southern Texas. This hurricane happened in August 1909.

The winds of the storm peaked at 120 miles per hour.

More than 4,000 lives were lost because of the hurricane.

Prince Giovanni Natoli

Giovanni Forti Natoli or Gianforte Natoli was a Sicilian nobleman, the son of Blasco Natoli Lanza and Domenica Giambruno Perna. He was baron of S. Bartolomeo and Belice. On 20 August 1597, he bought the barony of Sperlinga from Giovanni Ventimiglia, Marquis of Gerace, for 30,834 ounces of gold. Natoli was granted a "licentia populandi cum privilegium aedificandi" ("licence to populate and build") by the king of Sicily, Philip II of Spain. In 1627 he was made prince of Sperlinga by Philip IV of Spain.

Natoli was married twice: first to Maria Cottone Aragona, daughter of Stefano, count of Bauso; and second, to Melchiora Orioles Moncada, daughter of Orazio, baron of San Pietro di Patti. With the latter he had a son, Francesco Natoli.

Giovanni Natoli died on 15 July 1633.


Gaga: Five Foot Two

Gaga: Five Foot Two is a documentary starring American singer-songwriter Lady Gaga. It was directed by Chris Moukarbel. Gaga, her manager, Bobby Campbell, and Heather Parry (from the concert-promoting company Live Nation) are producers of the movie. It was released through Netflix at 12:01 AM Pacific Daylight Time (PDT) on September 22, 2017.

Gaga held a press conference on September 8, 2017, at the Toronto International Film Festival in Toronto, Canada, after she performed in the city on her Joanne World Tour. She talked about the movie and said that she would take a "rest" after the concert tour was over. She wanted the movie to be objectively about her life and said that she would never be able to do so about herself.

The movie features Gaga creating her fifth studio album, "Joanne", with British producer Mark Ronson throughout 2016 and preparing for her Super Bowl LI Halftime Performance that took place on February 5, 2017, at NRG Stadium in Houston, Texas. Gaga receives treatments for her chronic pain that has occurred since her cancellation of the Born This Way Ball world tour in 2012–13 because of a hip injury. Gaga revealed that she has fibromyalgia. British singer Florence Welch (from Florence + the Machine) appears with Gaga while they record their duet, "Hey Girl", which became a song on the "Joanne" album.

Gaga's family members make appearances, namely her parents, Joe and Cynthia; her sister, Natali; and paternal grandmother, who listens to Gaga's recording of the song "Joanne". Celebrities such as fashion designer Donatella Versace and singer Elton John appear to support Gaga's Super Bowl performance, along with her friend Sonja Durham, who is battling cancer. Sonja eventually died in May 2017.

Many of Gaga's songs are played throughout the movie, such as "Teeth" (from "The Fame Monster"), "Million Reasons", and "Perfect Illusion" (both from "Joanne").

Currently, the song has a 71% approval rating on the review site Rotten Tomatoes. It also has a 64/100 on Metacritic, meaning the movie has “generally favorable reviews.”

Leggia

Leggia was a municipality of the district of Moesa in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2017, the former municipalities of Leggia and Verdabbio merged into the municipality of Grono.

Lohn, Graubünden

Lohn () was a municipality in Hinterrhein in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland. It is south of Thusis.

On 1 January 2021, the former municipalities of Casti-Wergenstein, Donat, Lohn and Mathon merged to form the new municipality of Muntogna da Schons.


Lostallo

Lostallo is a municipality of the district of Moesa in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland.


Scharans

Scharans () is a municipality of the district of Hinterrhein in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland.

St. Agata, Stufels, Parnegl and Prin.


Splügen

Splügen (, ) was a municipality of the district of Hinterrhein in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2006, Splügen incorporated its neighbouring municipality of Medels im Rheinwald.

On 1 January 2019, the former municipalities of Hinterrhein, Nufenen and Splügen merged to form the new municipality of Rheinwald.

In 1995, the Swiss Heritage Society bestowed the Wakker Prize to Splügen.

The Splügen Pass road leads from Splügen to Chiavenna and rises to a height of .


Scheid

Scheid () is a village and former municipality of the district of Hinterrhein in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2009, the former municipalities of Scheid, Feldis/Veulden, Trans and Tumegl/Tomils merged into the new municipality of Tomils.

Mundaun

Mundaun was a municipality of the district Surselva in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2009, the former municipalities of Flond and Surcuolm merged into the new municipality of Mundaun.

On 1 January 2016, the former municipalities of Mundaun and Obersaxen merged into the new municipality of Obersaxen Mundaun.


Veyras

Veyras can mean:

Husseren-Wesserling

Husseren-Wesserling is a commune. It is found in the Haut-Rhin department of eastern France.

Mr. Burns

Charles Montgomery Burns (known as C. Montgomery Burns and Monty Burns, but usually said as Mr. Burns) is a fictional character in the animated television series "The Simpsons". Harry Shearer is the voice actor for Burns. Christopher Collins was the voice actor for him in the first season. Waylon Smithers is his assistant. He is the owner of Springfield's power plant.

Bernie Casey

Bernard Terry Casey (June 8, 1939 – September 19, 2017) was an American actor, poet, and professional football player. He was born in Wyco, West Virginia. He played a version of himself, and other football players turned actors, in Keenen Ivory Wayans's 1988 comedic movie "I'm Gonna Git You Sucka". He played a high school teacher in "Bill & Ted's Excellent Adventure", released in 1989.

Casey played for the San Francisco 49ers from 1961 through 1966 and for the Los Angeles Rams from 1967 through 1968.

Casey died at a hospital in Los Angeles, California on September 19, 2017 at the age of 78.


Teddy Taylor

Sir Edward MacMillan Taylor (18 April 1937 – 20 September 2017) was a Scottish Conservative Party politician. He was a member of parliament (MP) from 1964 to 1979 for Glasgow Cathcart and from 1980 to 2005 for Rochford and Southend East.

He was a leading member and vice-president of the Conservative Monday Club.

Taylor died on 20 September 2017 at the age of 80.

Börje Vestlund

Börje Vestlund (2 February 1960 – 22 September 2017) was a Swedish social democratic politician. He was a Member of the Riksdag from 2002 until his death in 2017. He was openly gay.

Vestlund died on 22 September 2017 in Stockholm, Sweden at the age of 67.

William G. Stewart

William Gladstone Stewart (15 July 1933 – 21 September 2017) was an English television producer, director, and host. He was best known as the presenter and producer of the Channel 4 general quiz show "Fifteen to One" from 1988 to 2003. He was born in Habrough, Lincolnshire, England.

His notable television direction includes episodes of , and 

Stewart died on 21 September 2017 at the age of 84.


Mohammed Mahdi Akef

Mohammed Mahdi Akef () (July 12, 1928 – September 22, 2017) was the head of the Muslim Brotherhood, an Egypt-based Islamic political movement, from 2004 until 2010. He assumed the post, that of "general guide" () (frequently translated as "chairman") upon the death of his predecessor, Ma'mun al-Hudaybi. Akef was arrested on 4 July 2013. 

On 14 July 2013 Egypt's new prosecutor general Hisham Barakat ordered his assets to be frozen.

Akef died on 22 September 2017 in Cairo of sepsis at the age of 89.

Sicilians

Sicilians (Sicilian: "Siciliani") are the people native to the island of Sicily, an autonomous region of Italy.

Sicilians are the native people living in the island of Sicily. They are usually bilingual, Sicilian and Italian language are both spoken in the island. After the unification of Italy, Sicilians have been part of the country living in an autonomous region, which is also the fourth most populated of all Italy's regions.


Donald J. Cram

Donald James Cram (April 22, 1919 – June 17, 2001) was an American chemist who received the 1987 Nobel Prize in Chemistry together with Jean-Marie Lehn and Charles J. Pedersen. He specialized in the field of organic chemistry. 

Stefan Hell

Stefan Walter Hell (born 23 December 1962) is a German physicist. He is one of the directors of the Max Planck Institute for Biophysical Chemistry in Göttingen, Germany. He received the Nobel Prize in Chemistry in 2014 "for the development of super-resolved fluorescence microscopy", together with Eric Betzig and William Moerner.

He was born into a Banat Swabian family in Arad, Romania, and grew up at his parents' home in nearby Sântana.

In 1981, he began his studies at the Heidelberg University. He received his doctorate in physics in 1990.

Rudolf Friedrich

Rudolf Friedrich (4 July 1923 – 15 October 2013) was a Swiss politician and lawyer. He was a member of the Swiss Federal Council (1982–1984).

He was elected to the Swiss Federal Council on 8 December 1982 and, for health reason, resigned his office on 20 October 1984. He was a member to the Free Democratic Party. During his office time he held the Federal Department of Justice and Police.

Madulain

Madulain is a municipality of the district Maloja in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland.

Illfurth

Illfurth is a commune. It is found in the Haut-Rhin department of eastern France.

Illhaeusern

Illhaeusern is a commune. It is found in the Haut-Rhin department of eastern France.

51 Trouble Hoover Crip

The 51 Trouble gang is an American criminal street gang in Los Angeles, California. Most of the members of the 51 Street gang are African-Americans. The 51 Street gang is one of the oldest street gangs in Los Angeles and it has been occupying its territory since the 1990s. They are close allies with 52 Hoover gangster crips and sometimes this alliance is called 51-duece crips. They are actively at war with rollin 50s which resulted in many casualties.

There have been branches of the 51 Street Gang in other cities, like Kansas City, Missouri.

Authorities have suspected 51 Street Crips of such crimes as giving out fake money.

Bush ballad

The bush ballad, bush song or bush poem is a style of poetry and folk music that describes the life, character and scenery of the Australian bush. Bush ballads usually have a simple rhyme structure. They can be funny or sad. The words used are colourful, colloquial and Australian. They tell stories of action and adventure about bushranging, droving, droughts, floods, life on the frontier, and relations between Indigenous and non-Indigenous Australians.

The first ballads were created by British and Irish settlers and convicts who brought with them the folk music of their homelands. They were usually not written down, but passed around verbally. The ballads grew into a unique style over the years, becoming very popular in the late 19th and early 20th centuries. Australians thought they were "an authentic expression of the national spirit". Through bush poetry, newspapers and magazines, like "The Bulletin", promoted mateship, egalitarianism, anti-authoritarianism and a concern for the "battler" as being ideal Australian values.

Bush ballads are not as popular in modern times, but the poems written up to Federation are still some of the best-known and loved poems in Australia. The "bush bards" such as Henry Lawson and Banjo Paterson are regarded as giants of Australian literature. Clubs and festivals devoted to bush poetry can be found throughout the country, and the tradition lives on in Australian country music.

The songs tell personal stories of life in Australia. The stories can include mining, raising and droving cattle, sheep shearing, wanderings, war stories, the 1891 Australian shearers' strike, conflict between the working poor and the rich farmers (squatters), bushrangers such as Ned Kelly, love, and more modern themes such as trucking.

Although not technically bush ballads, there are also numerous sea shanties. These were work songs sung by whalers and sailors, as well as songs about the voyage made by convicts and other immigrants from England to Australia.

Modern musical styles for the ballads are different, even though the content is similar. Good examples of the older, traditional ballad style include Slim Dusty's When the Rain Tumbles Down in July or Leave Him in the Long yard. These have strong story lines in the verses, with choruses set to a Pick n' Strum beat. Modern bush ballads may use finger picking and strumming rock styles.

Australia's musical traditions include the English, Scottish, and Irish folk songs of the convicts, as well as the work of pastoral poets of the 1880s.
There was also a hymn singing tradition brought by missionaries in the 19th century. The beginnings of Australia's bush music come from the songs sung by the convicts who were sent to Australia from 1788. They tell of the harsh life of the time, and of people and events including bushrangers, swagmen, drovers, stockmen and shearers. Convict and bushranger verses often complained about the governments misuse of power. Examples include ballads like: The Wild Colonial Boy, Click Go The Shears, The Eumeralla Shore, The Drover's Dream, The Queensland Drover, The Dying Stockman and Moreton Bay.

Later bush ballads told stories of war, droughts, floods, Aboriginality, railways and roads. Isolation and loneliness of life in the Australian bush has been another theme. They often tell of the difficulties and struggles for the working poor people. The bush ballads are often ironic and humorous, for example "Beautiful Land of Australia." They were an oral and folkloric tradition, and only later published in print, such as Banjo Paterson's "Old Bush Songs", in the 1890s.

The lyrics for "Waltzing Matilda", often regarded as Australia's unofficial national anthem, were written by Banjo Paterson in 1895. This type of Australian country music, with lyrics focusing on strictly Australian subjects, is generally known as "bush music" or "bush band music".

The ballads continued in Australia long after popular music took hold in Great Britain. The ballad style in rural England began dying out when land clearances, industrialisation and urbanization saw people moving from the farms into the cities. English popular music began in the working-class music halls during the 1830s and 1840s. Australia, which still had a large rural population, popular music was started a lot later.

As early as the 1920s, the different ethnic groups in Asutralia influenced the ballads. Poncie Cubillo introduced the rondalla with their Filipino string band in Darwin. The ballad tradition has grown to include some of these influences including Chinese and Filipino. There were also the Italians growing tobacco, the de Bortoli family, in "Texas in Queensland", adding to the mix of folk tunes and Tex Morton's hillbilly tunes. Morton, a country music singer from New Zealand, made a number of Australian-themed recordings between 1936 and 1943. These included the "Dying Duffer's Prayer," "Murrumbridgee Jack," "Billy Brink The Shearer," "Stockman's Last Bed," "Wrap Me Up in My Stockwhip and Blanket," "Rocky Ned (The Outlaw)," and "Ned Kelly Song". While these are a part of the bush ballad tradition, Morton sang without an Australian accent and used yodeling like the American singer Jimmie Rodgers. American cowboy and country songs and 1950s rock 'n' roll influenced Australian bush ballads. With increased modern communications, bush ballads share the modern Australian music scene with rockabilly, country music, blues, Texas swing, bluegrass, trail songs, and country pop.

Country and folk musicians including Slim Dusty, Stan Coster, Rolf Harris, The Bushwackers, John Williamson, Graeme Connors and John Schumann of the band Redgum, still record the old bush ballads. Contemporary artists including Sara Storer and Lee Kernaghan draw heavily on this heritage. Ashley Cook, a contemporary balladeer, sings about topics relevant to life in agriculture and mining work in Australia's outback: "Cattle, Dust and Leather" and "Blue Queensland Dogs". His song "Road to Kakadu" is about killing water buffalo in Northern Territory in the 1990s to control the Brucellosis disease. "Beneath the Queensland Moon" covers the life and death as a drover.

The bush ballad style is sometimes seen as unsophisticated and simple. This is because it uses cliched images and stereotypes.

The bush ballads have influenced Australian theatre and movies. Since the mid-20th century, bush songs have often been performed by bush bands, such as The Bandicoots or Franklyn B Paverty. There have been female bush balladeers, including Shirley Thoms (1925-1999) known as Australia's yodeling sweetheart, and Indigenous singer-songwriter Yvonne Bradley.

A number of awards have been set up to recognize bush balladeers. Jeff Brown was nominated for a Golden Guitar Award in the Bush Ballad of the Year category for a song he recorded "In the wings of the yard" in 2008. He said it was "...important to keep the old yarns alive through country music ballads. It's our heritage really and it needs to be kept alive somehow and the old bush ballads are the way to do it." Past winners of the Country Music Awards Australia Bush Ballad of the Year include Anne Kirkpatrick and Joy McKean. The Stan Coster Memorial Bush Ballad Award has several categories. In 2007 Reg Poole was male vocalist of the year for ‘A Tribute To Slim’, Graham Rodger was Songwriter of the Year for ‘The Battle Of Long Tan’, and Dean Perrett for Album of the Year for ‘New Tradition’ The magazine, the "Balladeers Bulletin" magazine also hold a "Bush Balladeer Starquest" competition. At the 2008 36th Country Music Awards of Australia held in Tamworth, Amos Morris became the youngest artist ever to win the Golden Guitar trophy for the Bush Ballad of the Year category with "Sign of the Times".
Examples of popular bush ballads and songs include:

Traditional:

The Bush Bards:

Modern writers and singers:





Aimaq Hazara

Aimaq Hazara is a group of Aimaq people of Hazara origin. They live in Afghanistan and they are Sunni Muslims.



Aimaq people

The Aimaq or Aimak (), are a collection of Persian-speaking nomadic and semi-nomadic tribes in Afghanistan. They are a minority group in Pakistan and Iran.


Aimaq dialect

Aimaq () is a ethnolect of the Persian language spoken by the Aimaq people in central northwest Afghanistan (west of the Hazarajat), Tajikistan, and in eastern Iran.


Novarupta

Novarupta (meaning "newly erupted" in Latin) is a volcano that was formed in 1912. It is located on the Alaska Peninsula in Katmai National Park and Preserve, about southwest of Anchorage. Formed during the largest volcanic eruption of the 20th century, Novarupta released 30 times the volume of magma of the 1980 eruption of Mount St. Helens and had a Volcanic Explosivity Index (VEI) of 6.

Eurovision Song Contest 2018

The Eurovision Song Contest 2018 was the 63rd edition of the Eurovision Song Contest. Forty-three countries took part and the Grand Final was held on 12 May 2018. Israel won the competition with the song "Toy" by Netta Barzilai.

The competition was held at the Altice Arena in Lisbon after Portugal won the previous contest with Salvador Sobral's song "Amar pelois dois". The event was hosted by Silvia Alberto, Daniela Ruah, Catarina Furtado and Filomena Cautela.

The Grand Final of the Eurovision Song Contest 2018 had 26 countries. These were the Big Five (France, Germany, Italy, Spain and the United Kingdom), the host country Portugal and ten countries from each semi-final.

Nineteen countries participated in the first semi-final. Those countries, plus Portugal, Spain and the United Kingdom voted in this semi-final. 
Eighteen countries participated in the second semi-final. Those countries, plus France, Germany and Italy voted in this semi-final.
The final took place on 12 May 2018 at 20:00 WEST (21:00 CEST). Twenty-six countries participated in the final (Portugal, the Big 5 and the twenty qualifiers from the semi-finals). All 43 participating countries were eligible to vote. The winner was decided by two votes: one from a group of musical experts from each country and one from the viewers of each participating country. The vote rankings were combined and the winner was declared.

During the performance of the United Kingdom's song, a protestor jumped on stage and stole the microphone off singer SuRie. Security guards removed the protestor from the stage shortly after and the show cut to an interview with Ukrainian contestant Mélovin in the lounge area. SuRie decided not to perform the song again.

Suresh Raina

Suresh Kumar Raina (born 27 November 1986) is an Indian professional cricketer. An aggressive left-handed middle-order batsman and an occasional off-spin bowler, he is considered as one of the best fielders in world cricket. He plays for Uttar Pradesh in all forms of domestic cricket. He was the captain of Gujarat Lions in the Indian Premier League, and was the vice-captain of Chennai Super Kings. He has also captained the Indian national cricket team and is the second-youngest player ever to captain India. He is the first of the three Indian batsmen to ever score a century in all three formats of international cricket. He was born in Ghaziabad. Raina made his ODI debut in July 2005 against Sri Lanka at the age of 19. However, his Test debut came about five years later, in July 2010, against the same opposition. He scored a hundred on his Test debut. He was a part of the Indian squad that won the 2011 World Cup, Captained team Uttar Pradesh, India (on several occasions), India – A, Gujarat Lions and Chennai Super Kings (3 matches).

He lives in Rajnagar, a town in Ghaziabad, Uttar Pradesh. He has three older brothers Dinesh Raina, Naresh Raina and Mukesh Raina and one elder sister Renu. An article by Suresh Raina was featured in the 2012 book .

In 2000, Raina decided to play cricket and subsequently moved from his hometown Muradnagar, Ghaziabad, Uttar Pradesh (near New Delhi) to Lucknow, to attend the Guru Gobind Singh Sports College, Lucknow.He rose to become the captain of the Uttar Pradesh U-16s and came to prominence amongst Indian selectors in 2002, when he was selected at the age of 15 and a half years for the U-19 tour to England, where he made a pair of half-centuries in the U-19 Test matches. He toured Sri Lanka later that year with the U-17 team. He made his Ranji Trophy debut for Uttar Pradesh against Assam in February 2003 at the age of 16, but did not play another match until the following season. In late 2003, he toured Pakistan for the U-19 Asian ODI Championship before being selected for the 2004 U-19 World Cup, where he scored three half-centuries, including a 90 scored off only 38 balls. He was then awarded a Border-Gavaskar scholarship to train at the Australian Cricket Academy and in early 2005, he made his first-class limited overs debut, and scored 645 runs that season at an average of 53.75.

Raina was on the bench through the first half of the 2011 Cricket World Cup as captain Mahendra Singh Dhoni instead went with the in-form Yusuf Pathan. This remained so until the group game against West Indies, which Raina played in place of an injured Virender Sehwag. Against defending champions Australia in the quarter-final, Dhoni made a strategic change, omitting Yusuf Pathan in favour of Raina. Raina responded by assisting Yuvraj Singh in a successful run chase through high pressure, making 34 from 28 balls to carry India to victory. In the semi-final against Pakistan, he batted with tailenders to score an unbeaten 36, a significant contribution to India's final tally of 260. He also took Younis Khan's catch off of Yuvraj's bowling. Suresh Raina played some crucial knocks in quarter-final and semi-final of the World Cup, which helped India to win the 2011 ICC Cricket WorldCup. Gary Kirsten, the then coach of India, said 'Raina won the World Cup for us with some crucial knocks'.

India toured West Indies after the World Cup with captain MS Dhoni rested and vice-captain Virender Sehwag injured. Gautam Gambhir was named the captain for the One-dayers and T20's with Raina as his deputy. But due to injury Gambhir was ruled out, with Raina captaining with Harbhajan as his deputy. India won the series, but Raina averaged just 16.4. In the Test matches, he scored 232 runs at the average of 46.4 scoring crucial fifties in each Test. His captaincy was highly appreciated by former west-Indian legends.
In the first ODI, Raina played an attacking 45 ball, 50-run knock to help India reach 314. They eventually won the match by 21 runs on 21 July 2012.
In the second ODI he was out for 1 but he came back stronger in the third ODI where he played a blistering 45 balls 65 to hand India a five-wicket win and he eventually also won the man of the match award for his performance. Gambhir too scored a century in that match.
He continued his good form in the 4th ODI as he scored his 3rd half-century of the series and helped India beat Sri Lanka by 6 wickets by scoring 58*.and mujeeb helped him
He was out for a duck in the last ODI.
After the Tour of Sri Lanka, When England team came to India, he was dropped and gave away his spot to Yuvraj Singh, Who made a comeback after suffering from Cancer.

Raina registered strong performances in this series, which India won 3–2. He scored 277 runs at an average of 92.33 with four consecutive half-centuries but only two of them in a winning cause. He became 13th Indian batsman to cross 4000 international runs, in his 159th ODI and got his first Man of the Series award in this format. At the end of the series, he broke into the ICC top 10 ranked batsmen for the first time in his career.

He was again declared captain of the young Indian cricket team after the West Indies series in 2014 Bangladesh series while all the regular players of Indian cricket were rested. He led his team for 2–0 victory in the series. His personal performance was also splendid in the low scoring series as he captained the side very aggressively throughout the series. He was praised all over the world for his captaincy skills which he displayed during the 2nd ODI of this series. India was all out scoring 104 runs while batting first and Suresh Raina and his young team defended 104 runs and won the match by 54 runs. His captaincy was the deciding factor of this match along with Stuart Binny's bowling performance.

Suresh has been included into India's test squad after almost two years. Raina was selected in the final Test match at Sydney, under the captaincy of Virat Kohli. Later on, he announced his return to form in the Tri-Series with a flamboyant 51 against Australia.

Suresh Raina was not selected in India's first tour to USA, where they play West Indies for 2 T20Is. However, he made a re-entry to the ODI team for a series against New Zealand. But he was ruled out due to Chikungunya.

He was selected for a T20 series against England. In that series, he made a strong comeback. He scored a 63 in the 3rd T20.

Raina was signed by the Chennai Super Kings for US$650,000 for the first three years of the tournament. Raina made significant contributions in the first edition of the tournament to compensate the Chennai Super Kings over the losses of key players like Matthew Hayden, Michael Hussey and Jacob Oram. He played a vital Man of the Match performance in the last league fixture to give Chennai Super Kings the win they required to qualify for the semi-finals. Ultimately the Super Kings finished Again in 2010 IPL, Raina's consistent batting throughout the series won him applause and became the all-time run-getter of the league surpassing Australian legend Adam Gilchrist halfway down the tournament. He also captained the Super Kings for three matches in skipper Dhoni's absence and took some sensational catches in the field. He scored 520 runs in all, making him the third highest run getter of the series and the first for Chennai. He also was awarded "best fielder" by the BCCI ahead of the finals. He played a vital half-century which turned the final to Chennai's tide who ultimately went on to become the champions beating the Mumbai Indians.

At the end of the season, Raina set the record for most runs scored in the tournament, with 421, 434, and 520 and also taking the most no. of catches, two records that are still unbroken. Raina also hit the second maximum no. of sixes behind Adam Gilchrist in the three editions of the league. He was retained by the Super Kings for the 2011 Indian Premier League along with Murali Vijay, Albie Morkel and skipper MS Dhoni.

In the 2011 IPL too, Raina maintained his reputation as the leading run-scorer with 438 runs, again being the only player to cross 400 do so for all the seven seasons. His most crucial knock came against the Royal Challengers Bangalore in the Qualifier where he played a stunning innings to get the game back to Chennai's favor.

Despite struggling to find form in the initial stages of the 2012 IPL, Raina found form in the latter stages and finished the tournament as Chennai's leading run scorer, scoring 441 runs and on the course became the only player to score 400 runs in every IPL. He scored a blistering 73 in the final against Kolkata Knight Riders and added 116 with Mike Hussey, who scored a magnificent 86, to help his team put a big total on board. He became the first player in the history of IPL to cross the mark of 2000 IPL runs.

In 2013, IPL Raina scored 548 runs at a healthy average of 42.15 and strike rate of 150.13. At the start of the season he was struggling with his form but in the later half, he regained his form. He scored his maiden hundred in IPL against Kings XI Punjab. Raina scored an astonishing 99 not out off 52 deliveries against Sunrisers Hyderabad and helped Chennai Super Kings to score a mammoth 223 runs. This was Chennai Super Kings 3rd highest total. In the 1st Qualifier against MI he along with Hussey pounded MI bowlers to reach a score of 193 for 1.

On 30 May 2014 he made 87 runs out of 25 balls against Kings XI Punjab. He missed his fastest century of the cricketing history by just 13 runs due to a run out. In Champions League Twenty20 final he played a crucial knock scoring 109* off just 62 balls and made Chennai Super Kings win 2nd CLT20 title.

In 2016, Raina was signed for the Gujarat Lions after the suspension of CSK. He captained the team for the season, and remained consistent with batting, scoring 399 runs in 15 innings. Raina Had to leave for Netherlands in between of season 9 for birth of his first child thus making him miss his first ever match in nine seasons of IPL .


Ghaziabad district

Ghaziabad district is a largely suburban district of Uttar Pradesh state in northern India, within the National Capital Region. The town of Ghaziabad is the administrative headquarters of the district. This district is part of Uttar Pradesh's Meerut Division. It has become a major bedroom community (Commuter town) for Delhi.

Ghaziabad District was once part of Meerut District, but was split off forming the district with an area of 2550 km Later, Gautam Budh Nagar district was split off as well, reducing the district's size to 1933.3 km. In Sept 2011, 2 tehsils were again split off to form Hapur district. The revised area is 1273 km and revised population is 3,323,241.

Ghaziabad district is bounded on the northwest by Baghpat District, on the north by Meerut district, on the east by Hapur district, on the southeast by Bulandshahr district, on the southwest by Gautam Buddha Nagar District, and on the west by Delhi state across the Yamuna River.

According to the 2011 Census, it is the third most populous district of Uttar Pradesh (out of 75), after Prayagraj district and Moradabad.

According to the 2011 census of Ghaziabad district, it has a population of 4,661,452, roughly equal to the nation of Ireland or the US state of South Carolina. This gives it a ranking of 28th highest in India (out of a total of 640). The district has a population density of 3,967 inhabitants per square kilometre (10,270/sq mi). Its population growth rate over the decade 2001–2011 was 41.66%. Ghaziabad has a sex ratio of 878 females for every 1000 males, and a literacy rate of 85%.

At the 2011 census, this district had a population of 4,661,452 (3rd highest in UP), with 2,481,803 males and 2,179,649 females. It contributes 2.33% of the total population of UP. It has highest density of population in UP with 4060 persons per square km. It is second in population growth rate with 40.66%. The average literacy rate in 2011 was 85%, which is the highest in UP. This is revised to 3,323,241 after the split of Hapur district.

Gautam Budh Nagar district

Gautam Budh Nagar is a largely suburban district of Uttar Pradesh state in northern India. It is part of the National Capital Region (India). Greater Noida is the district administrative headquarters. The city of Greater Noida is India's first ISO 160001 certified city.

Gautam Budh Nagar is an important industrial district of Uttar Pradesh. The city of Greater Noida has evolved as an epicenter for technical education and industrial expansion.

According to the 2011 census, Gautam Budh Nagar has a population of 1,674,714. It is ranked 294th out of a total of 640 Indian districts in terms of population. Gautam Budh Nagar has a population density of 1,161 inhabitants per square kilometre (3,010/sq mi). Its population growth rate over the decade 2001-2011 was 39.32%. Gautam Budh Nagar has a sex ratio of 852 females for every 1,000 males, and a literacy rate of 82.2%.

Due to its close proximity to Delhi, the population is highly literate with 82.2% of population in the district are literate compared to 74.04% national average. The female lieracy stands at 72.78% much higher than national average of 65.46%.

Meerut district

Meerut district is one of the districts of Uttar Pradesh state of India, and Meerut is the district headquarters. Meerut district is also a part of the Meerut division. The administrative head of district of Meerut is a District Magisrtate while the administrative head of Meerut Division is Divisional Commissioner, an IAS officer.
According to the 2011 census Meerut district has a population of 3,443,689, roughly equal to the nation of Panama or the US state of Connecticut. This gives it a ranking of 94th in India (out of a total of 640). The district has a population density of 1,346 inhabitants per square kilometre (3,490/sq mi). Its population growth rate over the decade 2001-2011 was 14.89%. Meerut has a sex ratio of 886 females for every 1000 males, lower than the state average of 908; while the child sex ratio is 852, lower than the state average of 899. The district has a literacy rate of 72.84%, higher than the state average of 69.72%.

According to the 2001 census, the district ranked 6th in terms of population density in Uttar Pradesh. The district had an average literacy rate of 65.96%, higher than the national average of 64.8% and the state average of 57.36%. 16.66% of the population was under 6 years of age. The percentage of Muslim population over 36% (one of the largest among the cities of India).

Verquigneul

Verquigneul is a commune. It is found in the region Nord-Pas-de-Calais in the Pas-de-Calais department in the north of France.

Vampirina

Vampirina is an American-Irish animated television series first aired on October 1, 2017. The show is based on the "Vampirina Ballerina" series of books written by Anne Marie Pace and illustrated by LeUyen Pham, published by Disney-Hyperion. Disney Junior announced the series in March, 2016; the adaptation is being worked on by executives from "Doc McStuffins".

Oscar E. Huber

Oscar E. Huber (August 22, 1917 – September 9, 2017) was an American politician. He was born in Edmunds County, South Dakota. He was a member of the South Dakota House of Representatives from 1961 to 1972 and was a member of the Republican Party. 

Huber studied at Northern State University and the University of Minnesota. Huber was a farmer and rancher at his ranch in Bowdle, South Dakota. 

Huber died at his ranch in Bowdle the age of 100 on September 9, 2017.

Leonid Kharitonov

Leonid Mikhailovich Kharitonov () (18 September 1933 – 19 September 2017) was a Russian bass-baritone (баритональный бас) singer. He was honoured with People's Artist of Russia and Honoured Artist of Russia. In other parts of Europe, he was noted for his 1965 video of the "Song of the Volga Boatmen". He was born in Irkutsk, Soviet Union.

Kharitonov died on 19 September 2017 in Moscow at the age of 84.


Beaumetz (disambiguation)

Beaumetz can mean:

Illzach

Illzach is a commune. It is in the Haut-Rhin department of eastern France.

Ingersheim, Haut-Rhin

Ingersheim is a French commune. It is in the Haut-Rhin department east France.

Issenheim

Issenheim is a commune. It is found in the Haut-Rhin department of eastern France.

Forbach

Forbach is a commune in the French Moselle department. It is on the border with Germany.

Jebsheim

Jebsheim is a commune. It is found in the Haut-Rhin department of eastern France.

Afzal Ahsan Randhawa

Muhammad Afzal Ahsan Randhawa (, 1 September 1937 – 18 September 2017) was a Pakistani Punjabi language writer, poet, translator, playwright and a politician. He authored several short stories and novels in the Punjabi language including "Sooraj Grehan" and "Doaba". He received the Pride of Performance and "Kamal-e-Fun" awards for his literary work.

On the evening of 18 September 2017, Randhawa died at the age of 80 in Faisalabad, Pakistan.

José Salcedo

José Salcedo (c. 1949 – 19 September 2017) was a Spanish movie editor with over 120 feature movie credits. He had an extended collaboration with the director Pedro Almodóvar, having edited all of Almodóvar's movies since 1980. He was born in Ciudad Real, Spain.

Salcedo had been nominated many times for Goya Awards for movie editing, and won the award three times: for "Women on the Verge of a Nervous Breakdown" (1988), "Nobody Will Speak of Us When We're Dead" (1995), and "All About My Mother" (1999).

Salcedo died on 19 September 2017 in Madrid, Spain at the age of 68.

Shmuel Moreh

Shmuel Moreh (; December 22, 1932 – September 22, 2017) was a professor of Arabic Language and Literature at the Hebrew University in Jerusalem. He was awarded the Israel Prize in Middle Eastern studies in 1999. He was born in Baghdad, Iraq.

In addition to having written many books and articles dealing with Arabic literature in general and Iraqi Jewish Arabic literature in particular, he has been a major contributor to "Elaph", the first online independent daily journal in the Arabic language. Professor Moreh wrote in Arabic, Hebrew, and English.

Moreh died on September 22, 2017 in Tel Aviv, Israel at the age of 84.

Charles Bradley

Charles Edward Bradley (November 5, 1948 – September 23, 2017) was an American funk/soul/R&B singer, signed to the Daptone Records label under the Dunham Records division. 

His performances and recording style were consistent with Daptone's revivalist approach, celebrating the feel of funk and soul music from the 1960s and 1970s. One review said he "echoes the evocative delivery of Otis Redding".

Calling himself "the screaming eagle of soul", Bradley was the subject of the documentary "Soul of America" which premiered at South by Southwest in 2012.

Bradley was diagnosed with stomach cancer in October 2016. He died on September 23, 2017 in Brooklyn, New York at the age of 68.

Sharbat Ali Changezi

Sharbat Ali Changezi (Urdu: ) is a Pakistani, Hazara retired Air Marshal.

Changezi was born in Quetta, British India into a family of Hazara ethnic group, He was the Air Marshal of Pakistan Air Force and veteran of Indo-Pakistani War of 1965 and 1971.


Bud Selig

Allan Huber "Bud" Selig (born July 30, 1934) is an American baseball executive. He currently serves as the Commissioner Emeritus of Baseball. Before, he served as the ninth Commissioner of Baseball. He initially served as the acting commissioner beginning in 1992 before being named the official commissioner in 1998.

Raymond Berry

Raymond Emmett Berry (born February 27, 1933) is a former American football player and coach in the National Football League (NFL). He played as a split end for the Baltimore Colts from 1955 to 1967, and after several assistant coaching positions, was head coach of the New England Patriots from 1984 to 1989.

Berry also coached the Dallas Cowboys, the Detroit Lions, the Cleveland Browns, and the Denver Broncos.

Berry was born in Corpus Christi, Texas. He studied at Southern Methodist University.


Muhammad Musa (general)

General Muhammad Musa Khan Hazara (October 20, 1908 – March 12, 1991) was a military personnel and politician in Pakistan. He was the fourth Commander in Chief of Pakistan Army from 1966 to 1969.

He was the eldest son of Sardar Yazdan Khan, born in a Hazara family of Quetta, British India, in 1908. He died in 12 March 1991 in office as Governor of Balochistan.


Irreligious theism

Irreligious theism is the belief that there is a higher being, but doesn't follow organized religion, this belief can be often confused for deism, however irreligious theists often believe that god can still interfere in the world, also irreligious theists believe in supernatural events like miracles, while deists don't believe in that. The thing that is common to irreligious theism and deism is belief in the God who created the world.

Irreligious theists can pray without necessarily going through a classic group place of worship (mosques, synagogues, churches) and without physical intermediary, only by thought,or in a chosen, isolated personal place. One can believe in a personal God without believing in or subscribing to the doctrines of an organized religion.

They don't need religion to help to distinguish good from evil, humans being have consciousness.They can live without depending on religious descriptions telling them how to behave and even sometimes hurt them in their feelings or desires for the cause described in religious books (ex: when all religions practically reject LGBT+ people, which can push them to harm themselves or even push parents to send their children to religious conversion therapies to make them "change" because the religious books have decreed by their writings that this was not "correct") and because of the religious writings it prevents people who think that they are not compatible, from linked belief in god and personal convictions feel obliged to belong to a religious group and do not think that irreligious theism can exist, and that there are no constraints or restrictions on believing in god without going through a religion.

You're also irreligious if you do believe in god but don't belong to a religious group or attend religious services. The ir- prefix, not, is attached to religious, "believing in a religion.

A very similar, but not necessarily identical and the same view is philosophical theism, which recognizes the existence of God on the basis ofrepresents belief in God entirely without doctrine, except for that which can be discerned by reason and the contemplation of natural laws. Philosophical theism conceives of nature as the result of purposive activity and so as an intelligible system open to human understanding, although possibly never completely understandable. It implies the belief that nature is ordered according to some sort of consistent plan and manifests a single purpose or intention, however incomprehensible or inexplicable. However, philosophical theists do not endorse or adhere to the theology or doctrines of any organized religion or church. They may accept arguments or observations about the existence of a god advanced by theologians working in some religious tradition, but reject the tradition itself. (For example, a philosophical theist might believe certain Christian arguments about God while nevertheless rejecting Christianity). Philosophical theism is very similar to deism and is based on the same assumptions. The only difference is that in philosophical theism the higher being (God) is not only the creator of the world, but also something more, beyond this, in addition to this. Philosophical theism does not exclude the possibility that this higher being may sometimes somehow interfere in the world he created. What may or may not distinguish philosophical theism from very similiar irreligious theism is that in philosophical theism the belief in God is based on reason, while in irreligious theism this is not necessarily the case, in irreligious theism it can also be one's own individual faith close to religious without a rational approach and irrational.

Famous irreligious theists from history include Austrian-American mathematician, logician, and philosopher Kurt Gödel, American rapper Tupac Shakur and American author Martin Gardner.

Centre (politics)

In politics, centrism or the centre is a political ideology that supports a balance of social hierarchy and social equality. Centrism goes against both left-wing politics and right-wing politics. The label is used for political parties, organizations and groups that believe in centrism like the Australian Democrats. Centrism is also usually associated with centre-left and centre-right political ideologies because they are close in left-right politics.

Examples of centrist political ideologies are Christian Democracy or Liberalism. 

Bertha Krupp

Bertha Krupp von Bohlen und Halbach (29 March 1886 – 21 September 1957) was a member of the Krupp family, Germany's leading industrial dynasty of the 19th and 20th centuries. As the elder child and heir of Friedrich Alfred Krupp she was the sole proprietor of the Krupp industrial empire from 1902 to 1943, although her husband, Gustav Krupp von Bohlen und Halbach, ran the company in her name. In 1943 ownership of the company was transferred to her son Alfried.

Free Voters

Free Voters (German: Freie Wähler; abbreviated as FW) is a group of politicians which takes part in German elections but is not registered as a political party. Free Voters usually only run in the local elections. The group attracts conservative voters who prefer local decisions in politics.

In the 2014 European Parliament elections, the Free Voters won a seat in the European Parliament. Ulrike Müller is currently the only Free Voter MEP in the European Parliament. The Free Voters association joined the European Democratic Party (which is a centrist and pro-European Union political party in the European Parliament) in October 2015.


Jordi Pujol

Jordi Pujol i Soley (, born 9 June 1930) is a Spanish politician. He was the leader of the party Convergència Democràtica de Catalunya (CDC) from 1974 to 2003, and President of Catalonia from 1980 to 2003.


Arne Solli

Arne Solli (6 April 1938 – 20 September 2017) was a Norwegian general. He served as Chief of Defence of Norway ("Forsvarssjef") from 31 October 1994 until 30 April 1999. He was born in Oslo, Norway

In 1995 he was awarded the title of Commander of the Royal Norwegian Order of St. Olav. 

Solli died on 20 September 2017 in Oslo at the age of 79.

Andy Muschietti

Andrés Muschietti (; born 26 August 1973), usually credited as Andy Muschietti, is an Argentine movie director and screenwriter. He is best known for directing the 2013 horror movie "Mama" and the "It" duology starting with "It: Chapter One" (2017) and the 2019 sequel "It: Chapter Two". He also directed the 2023 DC Extended Universe movie "The Flash" and will direct "Batman: The Brave and the Bold" DC Universe movie.

Trapani

Trapani (; ; ) is a city in western Sicily. It is the capital of the Province of Trapani. The city has population of around 69,000 people.

The city was founded by the Elymians. It was created to serve as a port for the nearby city, Erice. The city was first called "Drépanon" (from the Greek word for sickle). Carthage captured the city in 260 BC, and made it an important naval base. The city was then captured by the Roman Republic after the Battle of the Aegates. The area would later be captured by the Vandals, Ostrogoths, Byzantine Empire, Arabs and the Normans.

The city was damaged from World War II.

Trapani is known for its Easter-related traditions. These traditions date back to at least 1612. The city also features the longest religious festival in Sicily and in Italy.


Shandong Provincial Museum of Geology

Shandong Provincial Museum of Geology is a geology museum in the Jinan, Shandong province, China.

Willemstad

Willemstad is the capital city of Curaçao, an island in the southern Caribbean Sea that forms a constituent country of the Kingdom of the Netherlands. In 2008, 140,000 people lived there.

Pali Wikipedia

Pali Wikipedia is a wikipedian edition of the language of Pali. It is an old language present in the Indian subcontinent. This language is the language used by Gautam Buddha to write his writings that is the Buddhist texts.

About 2524 articles were written in Pali Wikipedia. It presently stands in the 212th place of list of wikipedias by article count.

Aleksey Goman

Aleksey Vladimirovich Goman (born 12 September 1983 in Murmansk, Russian SFSR, U.S.S.R.) is a Russian musician and poet. He is best known for winning Narodniy Artist-1 (a TV show based on the British Pop Idol). In 2005, he was the prize winner of the Festival of Patriotic songs.


Some of his most prestigious awards include:


Ethnic groups in Afghanistan

Afghanistan is a multi-ethnic country. Ethnic groups in Afghanistan include the Pashtun, Tajik, Hazara, Uzbek, Aimaq, Turkmen, Baloch, Pashayi, Nuristani, Gujjar, Arab, Brahui, Qizilbash, Pamiri, Moghol and a few others.

Agra district

Agra district is one of the 75 districts of Uttar Pradesh state of India, and the historical city of Agra is the district headquarters. Agra district is a part of Agra division.

Agra district is bounded by Mathura District on the north, Dholpur District of Rajasthan state on the south, Firozabad District on the east and Bharatpur District of Rajasthan State on the west. Area of the district is 4027 km².

Agra district comprises 6 tehsils. The tehsils are Etmadpur, Agra, Kiraoli, Kheragarh, Fatehabad and Bah. The headquarters of the district is Agra city. The district consists of 15 blocks, namely Etmadpur, Khandauli, Shamshabad, Fatehabad, Jagner, Kheragarh, Saiyan, Achhnera, Akola, Bichpuri, Fatehpur Sikri, Barauli Ahir, Bah, Pinahat and Jaitpur Kalan.

The division comprises 3 Lok Sabha constituencies namely Jalesar, Firozabad and Agra. There are 9 Vidhan Sabha constituencies in the district. They are Bah, Fatehabad, Etmadpur, Dayal Bagh, Agra Cantonment, Agra East, Agra West, Kheragarh and Fatehpur Sikri.

According to the 2011 census Agra district has a population of 4,380,793, roughly equal to the nation of Moldova or the US state of Kentucky. This gives it a ranking of 41st in India (out of a total of 640). The district has a population density of Hindus are 88.77% and Muslims are 9.30% in Agra district. Its population growth rate over the decade 2001-2011 was 21%. Agra has a sex ratio of 859 females for every 1000 males, and a literacy rate of 69.44%.

Fatehpur Sikri

'Fatehpur Sikri' or the city of victory is a town in the Agra District of Uttar Pradesh, India. The city was founded in 1569 by the Mughal Emperor Akbar, and served as the capital of the Mughal Empire from 1571 to 1585.Akbar founded FATEHPUR SIKRI to commemorate his victory over Mewar After his military victories over Chittor and Ranthambore, Akbar decided to shift his capital from Agra to a new location 23 miles (37 km) west south-west, to honour the Sufi saint Salim Chishti. Here, he commenced the construction of a planned walled city, which took the next fifteen years in planning and construction, with a series of royal palaces, harem, courts, a mosque, private quarters and other utility buildings. He named the city Fatehabad, with Fateh, a word of Arabic origin in Persian, meaning "victorious." It was later called Fatehpur Sikri. It is at Fatehpur Sikri that the legends of Akbar and his famed courtiers, the nine jewels or Navaratnas, were born. Fatehpur Sikri is one of the best preserved examples of Mughal architecture in India.

Fatehpur Sikri has a population of 28,757. Males constitute 53% of the population and females 47%. Fatehpur Sikri has an average literacy rate of 46%, lower than the national average of 74%; male literacy is 57%, and female literacy is 34%. In Fatehpur Sikri, 59% of the population is under 6 years of age.
<br><br>


Murmansk Oblast

Murmansk Oblast (Russian: Му́рманская о́бласть, "Murmanskaya oblast' ") is a federal subject in northwestern Russia. The administrative centre is Murmansk, where most of the population lives. The oblast has a population of 741,511.

Records show people first began to populate the area sometime between 8000 BC and 7000 BC. The first permanent towns began to appear in the 15th century. These towns were mainly on the Tersky Coast. In the late 15th century, the area became part of the Grand Duchy of Moscow. At the time, most of the economy was based on fishing.

The oblast is divided into six districts, six closed cities and six cities and towns under the oblast's control.

The six districts are: Kandalakshsky District, Kolsky District, Kovdorsky District, Lovozersky District, Pechengsky District, Tersky District.

The six closed cities are: Gadzhiyevo, Ostrovnoy, Polyarny, Severomorsk, Snezhnogorsk and Zaozyorsk.

These cities are controlled by the federal government. A "closed city" is a term for a city where residents need special permission to live there.

The six cities and towns under the oblast's control are: Murmansk, Apatity, Kirovsk, Monchegorsk, Olenegorsk and Polyarnye Zori.

These cities have their own oblast territory.

Most of the oblast is in the arctic circle, meaning in summer the sun is in the sky all day, while at night the sun never rises. The entire oblast also has a subarctic climate, with very cold winters, and short, warm summers. The area isn't as cold as other locations of the same longitude because of the effects of the North Atlantic Current. The current's influence also means that the northern coast is generally "warmer" than the southern central region.

The native people of the area are the Sámi, but they only make up 0.2% of the population today.

Below is a list of the largest cities in the oblast:

Approximately 42% of the population adhere to the Russian Orthodox Church. Another 4.5% follow another form of Christianity. 1% of the population is Muslim, 12% are atheists and 28% are "spiritual but not religious."


List of districts of Uttar Pradesh

This is a list of districts in Uttar Pradesh.


Agra division

Agra () is a division of Uttar Pradesh, India.


Aligarh division

Aligarh division is one of the administrative divisions of the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh. Aligarh division consists of:-



Allahabad district

Allahabad District, also called Prayagraj District, is one of the major & largest districts of Uttar Pradesh state of India, and Allahabad city is the district headquarters. 

Allahabad district is a part of Allahabad Division. Allahabad District is divided into blocks within tehsils. As of 2011, there are 23 blocks in eight tehsils. The Allahabad division includes the districts of Fatehpur, Kaushambi and Allahabad, with the western Allahabad District becoming part of the new Kaushambi district. The administrative divisions are Phulpur, Koraon, Meja, Sadar, Soraon, Handia, Bara and Karchana.
Allahabad District comprising 3 police zones:
And 9 circles & multiple stations and post

The three rivers of India - Ganges, Yamuna and the mythical river of Sarasvati - meet at a point in the Allahabad District, known as Sangam, considered holy by Hindus. Allahabad was once the capital of United Province before independence. Allahabad is one of the largest educational hub having many major educational institutes such as the Indian Institute Of Information Technology, Moti Lal Nehru National Institute Of Technology, University Of Allahabad, CMP Degree College, Ewing Christian College and Gautam Buddh Technical University affiliated number of Engineering Colleges, MotiLal Nehru Medical College, JK Institute - these provides higher education.
Proposed Nagar palika Parishad:

Proposed Nagar panchayats:
Janghai

According to the 2011 census Allahabad District has a population of 5,959,798, roughly equal to the nation of Eritrea or the US state of Missouri. This gives it a ranking of 13th in India (out of a total of 640). As of 2011 it is the most populous district of Uttar Pradesh (out of 71). The district has a population density of . Its population growth rate over the decade 2001-2011 was 20.74%.

Allahabad District has a sex ratio of 902 females for every 1000 males, and a literacy rate of 74.41% which is close to the all-India average of 74%. This rate is the highest in the region.

Languages of Prayagraj/Allahabad district (2011)

At the time of the 2011 Census of India, 94.91% of the population in the district spoke Hindi (or a variant of Hindi), 2.69% Urdu and 1.86% Awadhi as their first language.
People in the district speak Awadhi, a language in the Hindi continuum spoken by over 4 million people, mainly in the Awadh region;[13] and Bagheli, which has a lexical similarity of 72-91% with Hindi and is spoken by about 3 million people in Bagelkhand.

Religion Percent
Hindus-85.69%
Muslims-13.38%
Other or not stated-0.93%
Hinduism is majority religion in the district with 85.69% followers. Islam is second most popular religion in district of Allahabad with approximately 13.38% following it. Around 0.93% stated 'Other Religion', approximately 0.90% stated 'No Particular Religion'.
The Prayag Kumbh Mela is a major Hindu event. Allahabad has a Triveni Sangam. Akshayavat is a sacred fig tree. There is a Roman Catholic Diocese of Allahabad.

Phulpur, Allahabad

Phulpur is a town and a nagar near Singra Mau panchayat in Allahabad district in the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh. It is the Lok Sabha seat from which Jawaharlal Nehru got elected to the Indian Parliament. Phulpur has given birth to religious idol 'Rameshwaranand Pandey of Singra Mau (Now his idol placed in -Shree Ganesh Mandir)' also gave the first Prime Minister to India. One of the India's agriculture industry called IFFCO is in Phulpur and upcoming Yuva Neta 'Vidyadhar Pandey from Singra Mau'.
 India census, Phulpur's population was 21,066. Males are 54% of the population and females 46%. Phulpur has an average literacy rate of 60%, higher than the national average of 59.5%: male literacy is 70%, and female literacy is 49%. In Phulpur, 17% of the population is under 6 years of age.

Moradabad

Moradabad () is a city, commissionary, and a municipal corporation in Moradabad district of Indian state of Uttar Pradesh. It was established in 1625A.D. by Rustam Khan and is named after prince Murad Baksh, the son of the Mughal Emperor Shah Jahan.

Moradabad is situated on the banks of the Ramganga river, at a distance of from the national capital, New Delhi and 344 km north-west of the state capital Lucknow. The city is known as "Pital Nagri", ("Brass City") for its famous brass handicrafts industry. It is also the divisional headquarters of Northern Railway (NR).

According to the 2011 census Moradabad city has a population of 887,871. The population of Moradabad district was 4,772,006, roughly equal to the nation of Singapore or the US state of Alabama. It is the 2nd Most Populated District in the state of Uttar Pradesh. This gives it a ranking of 26th in India (out of a total of 640). The district has a population density of . Its population growth rate over the decade 2001-2011 was 25.25%. 
In 2011 a new district named Sambhal district is formed with two sub districts of Moradabad district.
The rest of Moradabad district have a population of 3126507.The Muslim population in rest of Moradabad district is 1588297. 
Moradabad has a sex ratio of 903 females for every 1000 males, and a literacy rate of 58.67%.

Kanth, Moradabad

Kanth is a Nagar Palika Parishad in Moradabad district in the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh. It is home to small-scale bandage manufacturing industries. These are sold in Uttar Pradesh and in the rest of India under various licenses. Recently manufacturing of ready-made garments has also developed, contributing to the economy of the town.

 India census, Kanth had a population of 26,381. Male population is 13,757 and female population is 12,624. Kanth has an average literacy rate of 73.67%, higher than the state average of 67.68%. Male literacy is 80.60%, and female literacy is 66.08%.

Varanasi cantonment

Varanasi cantonment is a census town in Varanasi tehsil of Varanasi district in the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh. The census town does not have a gram panchayat. Varanasi Cantonment Census town is about 2 kilometers West of Varanasi railway station, 324 kilometers South-East of Lucknow and 12 kilometers North of Banaras Hindu University.

Varanasi cantonment has 2,760 families with a total population of 14,119. Sex ratio of the census town is 824 and child sex ratio is 827. Uttar Pradesh state average for both ratios is 912 and 902 respectively .
Varanasi cantonment is connected by air (Lal Bahadur Shastri Airport), by train (Varanasi railway station) and by road. Nearest operational airports is Lal Bahadur Shastri Airport and nearest operational railway station is Varanasi railway station (22 and 2 kilometers respectively from Varanasi Cantonment).

Braj

Braj (ब्रज) also known as Brij (बृज) is a region mainly in Uttar Pradesh of India, around Mathura-Vrindavan. Brij, though never a clearly defined political region in India, is very well demarcated culturally. The area stretches from Mathura, Jalesar, Agra, Hathras and Aligarh right up to Etah, Mainpuri and Farrukhabad districts. It is considered to be the land of Krishna and is derived from the Sanskrit word "vraja". The main cities in the region are Mathura, Jalesar, Bharatpur, Agra, Hathras, Dholpur, Aligarh, Etawah, Mainpuri, Etah, Kasganj, Karauli and Firozabad.

Taif International Airport

Ta'if Regional Airport is an airport in Ta'if, Saudi Arabia. Despite its name, it also offers many international flights as well. The airport is located 30 km to the east of Taif and 70 km from Mecca.

Plymouth Sound

Plymouth Sound is a bay on the English Channel at Plymouth in England.

The Sound has three water entrances. The marine entrance is from the English Channel to the south. There is also the River Tamar and the River Plym.

List of districts of Tamil Nadu

The following pages are the districts of Tamil Nadu.

Central

West

South

North

List of districts of Andhra Pradesh

Andhra Pradesh is one of the 29 states of India. The state has a total of 13 districts,

the Anantapur district is the largest and Srikakulam district is the smallest district. The districts are divided into two regions of the state, i.e., Coastal Andhra and Rayalaseema


Sources:

Anantapur district

Anantapur district (officially:Anantapuram district) is a district in the Rayalaseema region of Andhra Pradesh, India. The district headquarters is located at Anantapur city. Census, the district had a population of 4,083,315, of which 28.09% is urban. It has a literacy rate of 64.28%. It is the largest district in terms of area in Andhra Pradesh and the eighth largest district in India respectively.

It is the largest district of Andhra Pradesh spanning an area of , comparatively equivalent to Japan's Shikoku Island. 

It is bounded on the north by Kurnool District, on the east by Kadapa District, on the southeast by Chittoor District, and on the southwest and west by Karnataka state. It is part of Rayalaseema region on the state. Its northern and central portions are a high plateau, generally undulating, with large granite rocks or low hill ranges rising occasionally above its surface. In the southern portion of the district the surface is more hilly, the plateau there rising to . above the sea. 

Six rivers flow within the district: Penna, Chithravathi, Vedavathi, Papagni, Swarnamukhi, and Thadakaleru. The district receives an average annual rainfall of 381 millimetres.

Anantapur city is 354 km from Hyderabad, 200 km from the neighbouring state capital of Bangalore. Anantapur connects Hyderabad and Bangalore through National Highway 7. There is an airport in the district located in Puttaparthi, known as Sri Sathya Sai Airport; however this airport currently has no scheduled service. Bangalore International Airport is nearest commercial airport to Anantapur District.

Chittoor district

Chittoor district (), is a district in Rayalaseema region of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh. The district headquarters is located at Chittoor. It has a population of 4,170,468 according to 2011 census of India. Chittoor district has many major temples including Tirupati and Kanipakam and temples. It lies in the Poini river valley of southernmost Andhra Pradesh along the Chennai – Bangalore section Chennai-Mumbai highway. It is a major market centre for mangoes, grains, sugarcane, and peanuts.

According to the 2011 census Chittoor district has a population of 4,170,468. This gives it a ranking of 47th in India (out of a total of 640)and 6th in its state. The district has a population density of . Its population growth rate over the decade 2001–2011 was 11.33%. Chittoor has a sex ratio of 1002 females for every 1000 males, and a literacy rate of 72.36%.

In 2007–2008 the International Institute for Population Sciences interviewed 1010 households in 38 villages across the district. They found that 92.7% had access to electricity, 99.6% had drinking water, 33.3% toilet facilities, and 53.8% lived in a pucca (permanent) home. 29.3% of girls wed before the legal age of 18 and 88.2% of interviewees carried a BPL card.

Telugu is both the official and spoken language.

Kurnool district

Kurnool District is a district in the state of Andhra Pradesh, India, in the west-central part of the state and is bounded by Mahabubnagar district of Telangana in the north, Raichur district of Karnataka in the northwest, Bellary district of Karnataka in the west, Ananthapur district in the south, YSR Kadapa district in the South East and Prakasham district in the east.
The city of Kurnool is the headquarters of the district. It has a population of 4,053,463 of which 28.35% were urban as of 2011. It occupies 10th and 2nd place in terms of area in Largest Districts of India and Andhra Pradesh respectively, accounting for and 53rd place in terms of Population in India.
According to the 2011 census Kurnool district has a population of 4,046,601, roughly equal to the nation of Liberia or the US state of Oregon. This gives it a ranking of 54th in India (out of a total of 640). The district has a population density of . Its population growth rate over the decade 2001-2011 was 14.65%. Kurnool has a sex ratio of 984 females for every 1000 males, and a literacy rate of 61.13%.


List of districts of Kerala

The state of Kerala is divided into 14 revenue districts. 
On the basis of geography the state's districts are generally grouped into three parts :- The "North Kerala" districts of Kasaragod, Kannur, Wayanad, Kozhikode ; the "Central Kerala" districts of Palakkad, Thrissur, Ernakulam, Idukki, Malappuram, Kottayam and the "South Kerala" districts of Thiruvananthapuram, Kollam, Alappuzha, Pathanamthitta.

Such a regional division occurred being part of historical Kingdoms of Kochi, Travancore and British Province of Malabar. The Travancore region is again divided into three zones as Northern Travancore (Hill Range) (Idukki and parts of Ernakulam), Central Travancore (Central Range) (Pathanamthitta, Alappuzha and Kottayam) and Southern Travancore (South Range) (Thiruvananthapuram and Kollam). 

Almost all districts in Kerala have the same name as the important town or city in the district. The exceptions are Idukki district, Wayanad district& Ernakulam district.

The 14 districts are further divided into 75 taluks, and 941 Gram panchayats. Some of the districts and their towns were renamed in 1990 like Thiruvananthapuram (formerly known as "Trivandrum"), Kollam ("Quilon" or "Venad"), Alappuzha ("Alleppey"),As per GO(P) No.133/90/RD dated 7.2.90, Government of Kerala Thrissur ("Trichur" or "Thirushivaperur"), Palakkad ("Palghat"), Kozhikode ("Calicut") and Kannur ("Cannanore").


List of districts of Maharashtra

The Indian State of Maharashtra came into existence on 1 May, 1960. It is also known as Maharashtra Day, It has 36 Districts,as of now.Initially with 26 districts. 10 new districts have been created since then, and currently the number of districts in the state is 36. These districts are grouped into six administrative divisions (Prashaskiy Vibhag) shown below.

Maharashtra is divided into 36 districts, which are grouped into six divisions.

Geographically, historically, and according to political sentiments, Maharashtra has five main regions: 

The table below lists important geographic and demographic parameters for all 36 districts. Population data are extracted from the 2001 Census of India.


List of districts of Karnataka

The Indian State of Karnataka is divided into 30 districts and 4 administrative divisions. The state is geographically consisted of 4 principal regions: the coastal region of Karavali, the hilly Malenadu region comprising the Western Ghats, Are Malnadu region of Kolar, Bengaluru and Tumakuru and the Bayaluseeme region comprising the plains of the Deccan plateau.

List of districts of Telangana

The state of Telangana, in southern India is divided into 31 districts. A 'district' in the state of Telangana is an administrative geographical unit, headed by a District collector, an officer belonging to the Indian Administrative Service.

In terms of area, Bhadradri Kothagudem is the largest district with an area of and Hyderabad is the smallest with . Hyderabad district is the most populated district with a population of 3943323 and Kumarambheem Asifabad district is the least populated with 515,805.

List of districts of Puducherry

Puducherry is a union territory of India. It has four administrative divisions: four districts, viz. Pondicherry, Mahé, Yanam and Karaikal. Pondicherry district has the largest area and population. Mahé district has the smallest area and population. All the four districts retained borders of the French India, and were organised as a union territory of Puducherry after the de facto transfer of French India territories to India in 1954.

List of districts of Goa

The Indian state Goa is divided into 2 districts: North Goa and South Goa.

North Goa is further divided into three subdivisions – Panaji, Mapusa, and Bicholim; and five taluks – Tiswadi (Panaji), Bardez (Mapusa), Pernem, Bicholim, and Sattari (Valpoi),

South Goa is further divided into five subdivisions – Ponda, Mormugao (Vasco da Gama), Margao, Quepem, and Dharbandora; and seven "taluks" – Ponda, Mormugao, Salcete (Margao), Quepem, and Canacona (Chaudi), Sanguem, and Dharbandora. (Ponda Taluka shifted from North Goa to South Goa in January 2015).

List of districts of Chhattisgarh

Chhattisgarh, a state of India, has 33 administrative districts.

At the time of separation from Madhya Pradesh, Chhattisgarh originally had 16 districts. Two new districts: Bijapur and Narayanpur were carved out on May 11, 2007 and nine new districts on Jan 1, 2012. The new districts have been created by carving out the existing districts to facilitate more targeted, focused and closer administration. These districts have been named Sukma, Kondagaon, Balod, Bemetara, Baloda Bazar, Gariaband, Mungeli, Surajpur and Balrampur. A new District Gaurela-Pendra-Marwahi came into existence on 10 February 2020 as the 28th district. Later 5 new districts of Khairagarh, Manendragarh, Mohla-Manpur, Sakti and Sarangarh were added in 2022.

Chhattisgarh consists of 33 districts.

Surguja Division
Bilaspur Division
Durg Division
Raipur Division
Bastar Division


List of districts of Odisha

Odisha, a state on the eastern coast of India, is divided into 30 administrative geographical units called "districts".

A district of an Indian state is an administrative geographical unit, headed by a District Collector (DC) or Deputy Commissioner in some states (DC). The District Collector is dual-hatted and also holds the title of District Magistrate. As a District Magistrate he or she is responsible for maintaining law and order in that district and as a District Collector responsible for collection the revenue. Generally, an officer belonging to the Indian Administrative Service (IAS) becomes the DC but occasionally officers belonging to the Odisha Civil Service too get appointed. The DC is assisted by a number of district-level officials belonging to different state government department for administering services to the state. A Superintendent of Police, an officer belonging to Indian Police Service is entrusted with the responsibility of maintaining law and order and related issues.

The areas and populations of the 30 districts are given below:

Vampire tap

A vampire tap is a connection to a coaxial cable in which a hole is drilled through the outer shield of the cable so that a clamp can be connected to the inner conductor of the cable. A vampire tap is used to connect each device to Thick net coaxial cable in the bus topology of an Ethernet 10BASE-T local area network.

Doudeauville

Doudeauville can mean:

Drocourt

Drocourt is the name of two communes in France:

Longueville

Longueville can mean:

Longvilliers

Longvilliers is the name of two communes in France:

Boncourt

Boncourt can mean:

Jettingen, Haut-Rhin

Jettingen is a French commune. It is in the Haut-Rhin department in eastern France. In 2014, 506 people lived there.

Jungholtz

Jungholtz is a commune. It is in the Haut-Rhin department in eastern France.

Brian Barder

Sir Brian Leon Barder, KCMG (20 June 1934 – 19 September 2017) was a British diplomat, author, blogger and civil liberties advocate. He was born in Bristol, England. 

Barder was British Ambassador to Ethiopia (1982–86); Ambassador to Poland (1986–88); High Commissioner to Nigeria and concurrently Ambassador to Bénin (1988–91) and High Commissioner to Australia (1991–94).

He was awarded the in 1992.


Elizabeth D. Phillips

Elizabeth D. "Betty" Phillips (née Capaldi; c. 1945 – September 23, 2017) was an American educator and administrator. She was born in Rochester, New York. She was the Director of University of Florida Online. She resigned abruptly after serving only three months in that position, without explanation. She previously served as provost and executive vice president of Arizona State University (2006-2013) and provost of the University of Florida (1996-1999), among other administrative positions.

Phillips died in Gainesville, Florida from brain cancer on September 23, 2017 at the age of 72.

Valery Asapov

Valery Grigorievich Asapov (; 1 January 1966 – 23 September 2017) was a Russian lieutenant general in the Russian military. Asapov has been described as one of the senior Russian military advisers in Syria. Asapov, then commander of an army motorised rifle brigade, was awarded the 4th Class of the Order "For Merit to the Fatherland" by President Vladimir Putin on 23 February 2013.

Asapov was killed by mortar fire from ISIL militants near the city of Deir ez-Zor during the Syrian Civil War, according to the Russian Defence Ministry. He was 51 years old.

Washington Benavides

Washington Benavides (March 3, 1930 – September 24, 2017) was a Uruguayan poet and musician. He was born in Tacuarembó, Uruguay. During the 1950s he collaborated on the review "Asir". In 1955 he published his first book, "Tata Vizcacha". enavides taught literature at the secondary level. He later joined the Faculty of Humanities and Educational Sciences in the Department of Modern and Contemporary Letters of the University of the Republic, Uruguay.

Benavides died of complications from pneumonia in Montevideo, Uruguay on September 24, 2017 at the age of 87.


Joseph M. McDade

Joseph Michael "Joe" McDade (September 29, 1931 – September 24, 2017) was an American politician. He was a member of the United States House of Representatives, having represented Pennsylvania's 10th congressional district from 1963 through 1999 as a Republican.

McDade died on September 24, 2017 in Fairfax, Virginia of heart failure at the age of 85.


Eman Ahmed Abd El Aty

Eman Ahmed Abd El Aty (9 September 1980 – 25 September 2017) was an Egyptian woman who was thought to be the heaviest living woman in the world and the second heaviest woman in history (after Carol Yager). Her initial weight was claimed to be around 500 kg (1100lb). She was born in Alexandria, Egypt. Her family has stated that she weighed 5kg (11 pounds) at birth. Suffering from a thyroid problem, she had to stop school.

In May 2017, she was hospitalized and taken to India for health problems due to her weight. She was later transferred to the United Arab Emirates for further treatment. She lost around 715 pounds during her hospital stay.

Abd El Aty died on September 25, 2017 in Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates from septic shock caused by kidney failure. She was 37 years old.

Anatoly Gromyko

Anatoly Andreyevich Gromyko (, 15 April 1932 – 25 September 2017) was a Russian scientist and diplomat. He was born in Barysaw, Soviet Union. He specialized in American and African studies, as well as international relations. He was a member of the Russian Academy of Sciences and the .

Between 1961 and 1965, he worked at the Soviet Embassy in the United Kingdom. After that, he took leading positions at the Institute for African Studies and Institute for US and Canadian Studies of the Russian Academy of Sciences. He then returned to diplomacy and acted as the Soviet deputy ambassador in the United States (1973–74) and East Germany (1974–75).

Bobby Knutt

Robert Andrew Wass, known professionally as Bobby Knutt (25 November 1945 – 25 September 2017), was a English television actor and comedian, He started in entertainment as a stand-up comedian. He was best known for playing Albert Dingle in "Emmerdale". Knutt also appeared in "Last of the Summer Wine", "Heartbeat", "Hetty Wainthropp Investigates", "All Creatures Great & Small", "Our Friends in the North", and "Coronation Street" as garage boss Ron Sykes.

Knutt died suddenly of a heart attack in France on 25 September 2017 at the age of 71.

Jan Tříska

Jan Triska or Jan Tříska (; 4 November 1936 – 25 September 2017) was a Czech actor. He was most notable for portraying Captain Henry Wirz in the American television movie "Andersonville" and as Milos in "The Karate Kid Part III". 

Tříska also played the assassin in Miloš Forman's "The People vs. Larry Flynt," and appeared in " (season 5, episode 10)", "", "Blizzard", "The Osterman Weekend," "Ronin", "Apt Pupil" (as Isaac Weiskopf), and Peter Hyams' "".

Tříska fell off the Charles Bridge in Prague on 23 September 2017 for unknown reasons. He was taken to the hospital and later died on 25 September at the age of 80. 

Bo Goldman

Robert Spencer "Bo" Goldman (September 10, 1932 – July 25, 2023) was an American writer, Broadway playwright and screenwriter. He received two Academy Awards out of three nominations. He was born in New York City. He was known for writing the screenplay of "One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest". For his work on the movie Goldman also received the Writers Guild Award and the Golden Globe Award. His son-in-law is filmmaker Todd Field.

Goldman died in Helendale, California on July 25, 2023 at the age of 90.

List of districts of Madhya Pradesh

The Indian state Madhya Pradesh has 55 districts grouped into ten divisions.




List of districts of Gujarat

The western Indian state of Gujarat has 33 districts after several splits of the original 17 districts at the formation of the state in 1960.

Kutch is the largest district of Gujarat while Dang is the smallest. Ahmedabad district has the highest population while Dang has the lowest. Surat is the most densely populated district while Kutch is the least.

There are 253 Talukas (subdivisions of districts) in Gujarat. 

The list of districts, organized by divisions:


List of districts of Rajasthan

The Indian state of Rajasthan is divided into 33 districts for administrative purposes. The responsibilities of district management are carried out by All-India officials and state-appointed officials. The All-India officials in each district are a Deputy Commissioner or district Magistrate (from the Indian Administrative Service), a Superintendent of Police (from the Indian Police Service) and a Deputy Conservator of Forests (from the Indian Forest Service), each of which is assisted by officers of various Rajasthan state services. The state-appointed officials are responsible for matters such as health, education, and agriculture in each district. The 33 districts are grouped into seven divisions:

List of districts of Haryana

Haryana, with 22 districts, is a state in the northern region of India and is the nation's seventeenth most populous. The state borders with Punjab and Himachal Pradesh to the north and Rajasthan to the west and south. The river Yamuna defines its eastern border with Uttarakhand and Uttar Pradesh. Haryana also surrounds Delhi on three sides, forming the northern, western and southern borders of Delhi. Consequently, a large area of Haryana is included in the National Capital Region.
Government of Haryana has divided Haryana state in the following 22 districts:


List of districts in Bihar

Bihar, a state of India, has currently thirty-eight administrative districts.

A district of an Indian state is an administrative geographical unit, headed by a district magistrate or a deputy commissioner, an officer belonging to the Indian Administrative Service. The district magistrate or the deputy commissioner is assisted by a number of officials belonging to different wings of the administrative services of the state.

A superintendent of Police, an officer belonging to Indian Police Service is entrusted with the responsibility of maintaining law and order and related issues.

3 to 5 districts comprise to form a division(प्रमंडल). Each district is divided into Sub-division(अनुमंडल), which are further sub-divided into C.D. Block(प्रखण्ड)

List of districts of Jharkhand

Jharkhand, a state of India, has twenty-four administrative districts.

A district of an Indian state is an administrative geographical unit, headed by a district magistrate or a deputy commissioner, an officer belonging to the Indian Administrative Service. The district magistrate or the deputy commissioner is assisted by a number of officials belonging to different wings of the administrative services of the state.

A superintendent of Police, an officer belonging to Indian Police Service is entrusted with the responsibility of maintaining law and order and related issues.

At the time of formation, Jharkhand state had 18 districts. Later, six more districts were carved out by reorganizing these districts. The 23rd and 24th districts, Khunti and Ramgarh came into existence on September 12, 2007.

Presently, 24 districts of Jharkhand are grouped in to 5 divisions. These divisions are:

Below is the list of districts.


List of districts of West Bengal

West Bengal is now divided into 23 districts. These includes the newly formed Jhargram district, Alipurduar district and the Kalimpong district, Purba Bardhaman district under five divisions.

A group of districts forms a division. Divisions are administered by a 'Divisional Commissioner'. West Bengal is now divided in twenty three districts, grouped under five divisions:

The following is a list of the basic demographic data for the districts of West Bengal by their population rank in India


List of districts of Punjab, India

A district of the Punjab state of India is an administrative geographical unit, headed by a deputy commissioner or district magistrate, an officer belonging to the Indian Administrative Service. The district magistrate or the deputy commissioner is assisted by a number of officers belonging to Punjab Civil Service and other state services. As of May 18, 2021, there are 23 districts in Punjab, when the 23rd district of Malerkotla was formed.

A senior superintendent of police, an officer who belongs to the Indian Police Service is entrusted with the responsibility of maintaining law and order and related issues of the district. He is assisted by the officers of the Punjab Police Service and other Punjab Police officials.

A division forest officer, an officer belonging to the Indian Forest Service is responsible for managing the forests, environment, and other wildlife-related issues in the district. He is assisted by the officers of the Punjab Forest Service and other Punjab forestry officials and Punjab wildlife officials.

Sectoral development is looked after by the district head of each development department such as Irrigation, PWD, Agriculture, Health, Education, Animal husbandry, etc. These officers belong to various State Services.

List of districts of Uttarakhand

A district of Uttarakhand state is an administrative geographical unit, headed by a Deputy Commissioner (earlier called District Collector) or District Magistrate, an officer belonging to the Indian Administrative Service. 

Four new districts are proposed in Uttarakhand: Ranikhet, Didihat, Kotdwar and Yamunotri.




List of districts of Himachal Pradesh

A district of Himachal Pradesh is an administrative geographical unit. 
Revenue department is headed by a Deputy Commissioner or District Magistrate, an officer belonging to the Indian Administrative Service. The district magistrate or the deputy commissioner is assisted by officers belonging to Himachal Administrative Service and other state services.
A District Judge serves as the head of the Judiciary of the district. Courts subordinate to him include those of the Civil Judges, Senior Civil Judges, and Judicial Magistrates.

A Superintendent of Police, an officer belonging to the Indian Police Service is entrusted with the responsibility of maintaining law and order and related issues. He/she is assisted by the local police officials.
A Deputy Conservator of Forests, an officer belonging to the Indian Forest Service is responsible for managing the Forests, environment and wild-life related issues of the district. He/she is assisted by the officers of the Himachal Forest Service, other Himachal Forest officials and Himachal Wild-Life officials.
Sectoral development is looked after by the district head of each development department such as PWD, Health, Education, Agriculture, Animal husbandry, etc. These officers belong to the various State Services.

List of districts of Sikkim

There are 4 districts in Sikkim, an Indian state, each overseen by a Central Government appointee, the district collector, who is in charge of the administration of the civilian areas of the districts. The Indian army has control of a large territory, as the state is a sensitive border area. Many areas are restricted and permits are needed to visit them. There are a total of eight towns and nine subdivisions in Sikkim.
The four districts are:

List of districts of the Andaman and Nicobar Islands

Presently, the Union Territory of Andaman and Nicobar Islands comprises 3 districts:
On 1 August 1974 Nicobar district was separated from Andaman district. On 18 August 2006, Andaman district was bifurcated into two districts: North and Middle Andaman district and South Andaman district.


List of districts of Dadra and Nagar Haveli and Daman and Diu

The Union territory of Dadra and Nagar Haveli and Daman and Diu, India consists of three districts.

Dadra and Nagar Haveli were part of Portuguese India until 1954, and Daman and Diu until 1961. In 2020, the union territory of Dadra and Nagar Haveli merged with Daman and Diu.

Diu district

Diu district () is one of the three districts of the union territory of Dadra and Nagar Haveli and Daman and Diu of India. It is the ninth least populous district in the country (out of 640).
Diu district occupies an area of ,

It consists of Diu Island and a part on the mainland (the Ghoghla peninsula). 20 km East of Diu Island, is the village of Simbor.

Diu Island is the place where the town of Diu is located. Diu Fort is also located on Diu Island.

The area on the mainland borders Gir Somnath district of Gujarat. It contains the village of Ghoghla.

The village lies on the mainland opposite the eastern end of the island .

According to the 2011 census Diu district has a population of 52,056, roughly equal to the nation of Saint Kitts and Nevis. This gives it a ranking of 631st in India (out of a total of 640). The district has a population density of . Its population growth rate over the decade 2001-2011 was 17.73%. Diu has a sex ratio of 1030 females for every 1000 males, and a literacy rate of 83.36%.


List of districts of Delhi

Delhi is divided into eleven revenue districts. Each district is headed by a District Magistrate and has three subdivisions. A Subdivision Magistrate heads each subdivision.

The initial nine districts came into existence from January 1997. Prior to that, there used to be only one district for whole of Delhi with district headquarters at Tis-Hazari. In September 2012, two new districts, viz. South East and Shahdara were added to the city's map, taking the total count to 11.

The District Administration of Delhi is the enforcement department for all kinds of Government of Delhi and Central Government policies and exercises supervisory over numerous other functionaries of the Government. Below is the list of the districts and subdivisions of Delhi:

List of districts of Arunachal Pradesh

On December 1, 1965 the erstwhile North-East Frontier Agency was divided into five districts:


As of 2016, Arunachal Pradesh comprises 20 districts. Most of them are inhabited by various tribal groups. These are:


List of districts of Manipur

Manipur, a state of India, has sixteen administrative districts.

A district of an Indian state is an administrative geographical unit, headed by a district magistrate or a deputy commissioner, an officer belonging to the Indian Administrative Service. The district magistrate or the deputy commissioner is assisted by a number of officials belonging to different wings of the administrative services of the state.

A superintendent of Police, an officer belonging to Indian Police Service is entrusted with the responsibility of maintaining law and order and related issues.

On 9 December 2016, the government created 7 new districts, bringing the total number of districts to 16.


The sixteen districts of Manipur state are:

List of districts of Assam

Assam, a northeastern state of India, is divided into 35 administrative geographical units called "districts". Assam has 35 districts.

A district of an Indian state is an administrative geographical unit. They are headed by the Deputy Commissioner (DC). DC combines the offices of the District Magistrate responsible for maintaining law and order and District Collector responsible for collection of the revenue. The DC is assisted by officials belonging to different wings of state administrative services.

The districts of Assam are grouped together in five regional divisions. They are headed by a Commissioner. A superintendent of Police, an officer belonging to Indian Police Service is entrusted with the responsibility of maintaining law and order and related issues. The police in Guwahati City is headed by the Commissioner of Police. It started functioning from 1 January 2015.

The areas and populations of the 35 districts are given below:


List of districts of Meghalaya

The Indian state of Meghalaya is divided into 11 districts.

Meghalaya currently has 11 districts. 

Jaintia Hills Division:

Khasi Hills Division:

Garo Hills Division:


List of districts of Mizoram

The Indian state of Mizoram is divided into 8 districts.

A district of Mizoram is headed by a Deputy Commissioner (DC). The DC is in charge of the administration in each district. He/she has to perform triple functions as holding three positions as the Deputy Commissioner, the District Magistrate and the District Collector. 
As a Deputy Commissioner he is the executive head of the district. The District Magistrate is responsible for maintaining the law and order situation in the district. As the Collector he is the Chief Revenue Officer of the district responsible for revenue collection and recovery.
A Superintendent of Police (SP) controls the police administration of each district.
A district is divided into one or more subdivisions, further divided into tehsils and blocks.


List of districts of Tripura

The Indian state of Tripura borders with Bangladesh and the Indian states of Assam & Mizoram. The third smallest state in India and also a princely state till 1949, It covers an area of 10,491 km2 (4,051 sq mi).The area of modern Tripura was ruled for several centuries by the Tripuri dynasty. It was a princely state during British rule, and joined the newly independent India.Ethnic strife between the indigenous people and Bengali population led to tension and scattered violence since its integration into the country, but the establishment of an autonomous tribal administrative agency and other strategies have led to peace. Tripura was divided into 4 districts but with effect from 21 January 2012 four more new districts was divided making a total of 8 districts in the state.
For administrative purposes, the state has been divided into 8 districts, 23 subdivisions and 58 development blocks - with effect from 21 January 2012, after a Government of Tripura Decision, out of which the newly created districts are 4, subdivisions 6, development blocks 5. The four new Districts are Khowai Unakoti, Sipahijala and Gomati; the six new sub-divisions are Jirania, Mohanpur, Kumarghat, Panisagar, Jampuijala and Karbook; the five new development blocks are Yuvarajnagar, Durga Chawmuhani, Jolaibari, Silachari and Lefunga.

The information here are latest updated as of 25.05.2015

The following is a list of the basic demographic data for the districts of Tripura based on the size of the district's area, arranged in descending order (The data input here is taken from 2011 Census, however the new four districts were formed in 2012 so information on those are of 2012)

Prediction interval

In statistics (particularly in predictive inference), a prediction interval, or PI for short, is an interval estimate in which future observations will fall, with a certain probability, given what has already been observed. Prediction intervals are often used in regression analysis and forecasting.


Mangani Festival

Managani festival is a world renowned festival celebrated in Karaikal city. It is celebrated in the memory Lord Bikshantar who will be provided food by Karaikal Ammaiyar, that is Amuthu Padayal in Tamil.

This festival's history relies on Karaikkal Ammaiyar's life.One day Ammaiyar's husband, Paramathathan, had sent two mangoes to be kept for him. That day a hungry Shaiva devotee (Lord Bikshantar) came to her residence. Ammaiyar gave the devotee, curd rice and one of the two mangoes which her husband gave earlier. Later, when Ammaiyar's husband came home, Ammaiyar served him the other mango. The mango was very delicious, and her husband requested that the other mango be served. Ammaiyar went inside kitchen, she didn't know what to do since the Mango is already served to the shaiva devotee(Lord Bikshantar). With Lord Siva's grace a Divine Mango appeared in her palm. Ammaiyaar was very happy and served the Mango to her husband.

As this fruit was divinely sweet and was infinitely delicious compared to the previous one, her husband inquired as to how Ammaiyar obtained this mango. Subsequently,Karaikkal Ammaiyar worshiped Lord's feet and revealed the truth to her husband, who didn't believe it. He asked her to show another mango with divine help. Ammaiyar prayed to Lord Shiva for another mango. Immediately Lord Shiva gave her a similar mango,which she gave it to her husband. The mango then disappeared, and Paramathathan realised the divine nature of his wife. He understood that Ammaiyar was worthy of worship and she cannot be treated as his wife. He then deserted Ammaiyar, becoming a trader and married the daughter of a merchant who then gave birth to their child. Paramathathan named the child with the real name of Ammaiyar, Punithavathi. When the word reached Ammaiyar's family, they decided that they must take her to him. When he saw his former wife, Paramathathan addressed her reverentially, saying that he realised Ammaiyar was no ordinary human being. He worshipped her with his wife and child. Ammaiyar prayed to Lord Shiva asking for a boon that she may worship Lord Shiva as a disembodied wraith. She received the boon, and leaving all her beauty and her body behind.This was the reason of formation of this grand festival of Mangani.

The celebration is celebrated in the Tamil month of Aani (June–July)lasting a month. Each day the Panchamurthi or the Five divine Gods idol are taken through each streets of Karaikal. On the main day of the festival the huge idol of Lord Bikshatanar is taken through the streets. On the same day, people of Karaikal throw Mangani or Mangoes from their roof towards the crowd.
Goodness of eating the Mango caught in the festival are:
In the 30 days each day is celebrated with orchestras, debates, bharathanatyam dance etc. The official song of Mangani festival is composed by S.Natarajan, son of Kalaikavalar Karai Subbaiya, one of the most famous musician in Karaikal, owning an orchestra named Newtone Orchestra.

List of districts of Nagaland

Nagaland, a state of India, has 12 administrative districts.

A district of an Indian state is an administrative geographical unit. They are headed by a district magistrate or a deputy commissioner, an officer belonging to the Indian Administrative Service. The district magistrate or the deputy commissioner is assisted by officials belonging to different wings of state administrative services.

The twelve districts of Nagaland state are:



Annals of Mathematics

The Annals of Mathematics is a mathematical journal published by Princeton University and the Institute for Advanced Study. It is published every two months.

The journal was established as "The Analyst" in 1874 and with Joel E. Hendricks as the founding editor-in-chief.

In 2017 the journal retracted (or pulled back the journal's support for an article it had printed), an article that it published in 2001. The website Retraction Watch, thinks that the retraction is the first ever, by the journal.

The article "was retracted because the (mathematical) proofs in the paper were found to be incomplete", said a spokesman for the journal. The article, by Jing-Song Huang, has not been cited (as of July 2017), according to Clarivate Analytics’ Web of Science.

Joe the Plumber

Samuel Joseph Wurzelbacher (December 3, 1973 – August 27, 2023), better known as Joe the Plumber, was an American commentator, motivational speaker and political activist. He had conservative views and was a Republican. He was born in Toledo, Ohio.

He became well-known during the United States presidential election, 2008 when he asked Democratic presidential candidate Barack Obama in Ohio about his ideas about taxation of small business. Obama reacted by saying that wealth should be spread among the people, which answer the Republicans categorized as being socialist.

Wurzelbacher was intending to start a plumbing business and therefore got the nickname "Joe the Plumber". He became a middle class stereotype in the campaign of the Republican presidential candidate John McCain.

"Joe the Plumber" became a hit in the 2008 presidential elections, often referred to both by McCain and Obama, and being interviewed about all sorts of topics.

In 2012 he tried in vain to be chosen in the United States House of Representatives on behalf of the Ohio's 9th congressional district. Two years after that, he started working in a Jeep factory.

Wurzelbacher voted for Donald Trump in the 2016 presidential election.

In July 2023, Wurzelbacher announced he had pancreatic cancer. He died on August 27, 2023 from the disease at his home in Campbellsport, Wisconsin, aged 49.


Nagercoil

Nagercoil ("Temple of the Nāgas") is a town in the southernmost Indian state of Tamil Nadu and a municipality and administrative headquarters of Kanyakumari District. The city is situated close to the tip of the Indian peninsula, locked with the Western Ghats on all sides. It was briefly part of the erstwhile Travancore state, till almost a decade after India's Independence from Britain in 1947. In 1956, it was merged with Tamil Nadu. In its earlier days, the town and its surroundings were known as Nanjilnadu. Nagercoil holds a number of educational institutions, hospitals, offices and industries. It is also the hub of industrial and commercial activity in the district, and a fertile agricultural area that produces paddy. The minerals ilmenite and monazite are mined there. The land is surrounded by hills and lush green paddy fields. It is also known for different varieties of bananas. Nagercoil is a land of great traditional and cultural significance.

According to 2011 census, Nagercoil had a population of 224,849 with a sex-ratio of 1,050 females for every 1,000 males, much above the national average of 929. A total of 20,241 were under the age of six, constituting 10,119 males and 10,122 females. Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes accounted for 4.19% and .17% of the population respectively. The average literacy of the city was 95.35%. The city had a total of 59,997 households. There were a total of 76,345 workers, comprising 244 cultivators, 1,155 main agricultural laborers, 2,271 in household industries, 67,050 other workers, 5,625 marginal workers, 110 marginal cultivators, 361 marginal agricultural laborers, 447 marginal workers in household industries and 4,707 other marginal workers.

As per the religious census of 2011, Nagercoil had 61.06% Hindus, 8.89% Muslims, 29.94% Christians, 0.01% Sikhs, 0.02% Buddhists, 0.02% Jains and 0.06% following other religions or not stating their position.

The largest concentration of the population of the town and the District is along the coastal belt, on the eastern side, while the largely forested areas on the western side of the district (along the Western Ghats) are sparsely populated.


Ramanathapuram

Ramanathapuram (), also known as Ramnad, is a city and a municipality in Ramanathapuram district in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu. It is the administrative headquarters of Ramanathapuram district and the second largest town (by population) in Ramanathapuram district. census, the town had a population of 61,440.Density of population: 320 people per square kilometer; Literacy Rate: 81.48% - Male: 87.89%, Female: 74.93%; Male Female Ratio: 1000:977.Ramanathapuram is the top producer of chilli pepper in Tamil Nadu. It is connected to other cities by NH-49.
According to 2011 census, Ramanathapuram had a population of 61,440 with a sex-ratio of 988 females for every 1,000 males, much above the national average of 929. A total of 6,370 were under the age of six, constituting 3,245 males and 3,125 females. Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes accounted for 4.89% and .8% of the population respectively. The average literacy of the town was 83.42%, compared to the national average of 72.99%. The town had a total of 14716 households. There were a total of 20,375 workers, comprising 115 cultivators, 178 main agricultural labourers, 262 in house hold industries, 18,773 other workers, 1,047 marginal workers, 20 marginal cultivators, 30 marginal agricultural labourers, 41 marginal workers in household industries and 956 other marginal workers.

As per the religious census of 2011, Ramanathapuram had 79.00% Hindus, 19.71% Muslims, 3.08% Christians, 0.01% Sikhs, 0.79% following other religions and 0.01% following no religion or did not indicate any religious preference.

Sivaganga

Sivaganga is the headquarters of the Sivaganga district in the South Indian state of Tamil Nadu. It is also the headquarters of the Sivaganga taluk. The town is located at a distance of from Madurai and from the state capital Chennai.It is the important city in this district for official and commercial purpose.

Sivagangai kingdom was founded by Sasivarna Periya Oodaya Thevar in 1730. The town was subsequently ruled by his successors and ultimately by Velu Nachiyar under the stewardship of Maruthu Pandiyar. They were against the British Empire, but ultimately lost to them in 1790. The Company appointed Gowry Vallaba Periya Oodaya Thevar as the Zamindar of Sivaganga in 1801, whose successors continued with chaos until India's independence in 1947. It was under Ramnad district until 1984 and subsequently a part of the newly formed Sivaganga district. The town is known for agriculture, metal working and weaving. The region around Sivaganga has considerable mineral deposits.

Sivaganga is administered by a municipality established in 1965. As of 2011, the municipality covered an area of and had a population of 40,403. Sivagangai comes under the Sivaganga assembly constituency which elects a member to the Tamil Nadu Legislative Assembly once every five years and it is a part of the Sivaganga constituency which elects its Member of Parliament (MP) once in five years. Roadways are the major mode of transportation to the town and it also has rail connectivity. The nearest seaport, Thoothukudi Port, is located from Sivaganga, while the nearest airport, Madurai International Airport, is located from the town.

According to 2011 census, Sivaganga had a population of 40,403 with a sex-ratio of 990 females for every 1,000 males, much above the national average of 929. A total of 3,880 were under the age of six, constituting 1,985 males and 1,895 females. Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes accounted for 9.59% and .07% of the population respectively. The average literacy of the town was 83.86%, compared to the national average of 72.99%. The town had a total of 10184 households. There were a total of 14,145 workers, comprising 164 cultivators, 294 main agricultural labourers, 246 in house hold industries, 11,406 other workers, 2,035 marginal workers, 54 marginal cultivators, 127 marginal agricultural labourers, 173 marginal workers in household industries and 1,681 other marginal workers. Sivaganga town had a growth of 25% during the decades of 1991 and 2001. The population density of the town has nearly doubled in the decades of 1981, 1991 and 2001. Spread over area of , the density increased from 3500 person per km in 1981 and to 4800 person per km in 1991. The development was largely concentrated along the whole town area.

As per the religious census of 2011, Sivaganga had 84.75% Hindus, 10.07% Muslims, 4.66% Christians, 0.02% Sikhs, 0.01% Buddhists and 0.49% following other religions.

Sivakasi taluk

Sivakasi taluk is a taluk of Virudhunagar district of the Indian state of Tamil Nadu. The headquarters of the taluk is the town of Sivakasi.

According to the 2011 census, the taluk of Sivakasi had a population of 427,072 with 211,932 males and 215,140 females. There were 1015 women for every 1000 men. The taluk had a literacy rate of 72.65. Child population in the age group below 6 was 21,815 Males and 21,321 Females.


Srivilliputhur taluk

Srivilliputhur taluk is a taluk of Virudhunagar district of the Indian state of Tamil Nadu. The headquarters of the taluk is the town of Srivilliputhur.

According to the 2011 census, the taluk of Srivilliputhur had a population of 292,895 with 145,763 males and 147,132 females. There were 1009 women for every 1000 men. The taluk had a literacy rate of 70.41. Child population in the age group below 6 was 13,150 Males and 12,615 Females.

Srivilliputhur

Srivilliputhur is a town and a municipality in Virudhunagar district in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu. As of 2011, the town had a population of 75,396.

The most important landmark of Srivilliputhur is 11-tiered tower structure dedicated to the Lord of Srivilliputhur, known as Vatapatrasayee. The tower of this temple rises 192 feet high and is the official symbol of the Government of Tamil Nadu. It is said to have been built by Periyalvar, believed to be the father-in-law of the Temple Deity, with a purse of gold that he won in debates held in the palace of Pandya King Vallabhadeva. Srivilliputhur is well known for its ancient heritage and devotional contributions.

It is on the Virudhunagar - Shenkottai line of the Southern Railway, about 74 km south of Madurai and connected by road and rail with Madurai, Sivakasi, Sankarankovil & Shenkottai, Thirunelveli and Sattur.

According to 2011 census, Srivilliputhur had a population of 75,396 with a sex-ratio of 1,015 females for every 1,000 males, much above the national average of 929. A total of 6,884 were under the age of six, constituting 3,466 males and 3,418 females. Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes accounted for 6.21% and .01% of the population respectively. The average literacy of the town was 77.84%, compared to the national average of 72.99%. The town had a total of 21411 households. There were a total of 32,556 workers, comprising 134 cultivators, 1,241 main agricultural labourers, 3,126 in house hold industries, 25,769 other workers, 2,286 marginal workers, 18 marginal cultivators, 318 marginal agricultural labourers, 119 marginal workers in household industries and 1,831 other marginal workers. The decadal growth of population during the 1991–2001 period reduced to half of the previous decade due to migration to industrialized cities.

As per the religious census of 2011, Srivilliputhur (M) had 90.7% Hindus, 2.27% Muslims, 6.62% Christians, 0.01% Sikhs, 0.01% Buddhists, 0.38% following other religions and 0.02% following no religion or did not indicate any religious preference.

As of 1994, a total (45%) of the land in Srivilliputhur was used for residential, (3%) for commercial, (3%) for industrial, (5%) for public & semi public, (2%) for educational and (24%) for non urban purposes like agriculture and irrigation.

Virudhunagar taluk

Virudhunagar taluk is a taluk of Virudhunagar district of the Indian state of Tamil Nadu. The headquarters of the taluk is the town of Virudhunagar.

According to the 2011 census, the taluk of Virudhunagar had a population of 250,782 with 125,329 males and 125,453 females. There were 1001 women for every 1000 men. The taluk had a literacy rate of 76.08. Child population in the age group below 6 was 11,745 Males and 11,519 Females.

Dunc Fisher

Duncan Robert Fisher (August 30, 1927 – September 22, 2017) was a Canadian professional ice hockey player. He was born in Regina, Saskatchewan. He played 275 games in the National Hockey League from 1947 to 1953 and again in 1958 to 1959. He played for the New York Rangers, Boston Bruins, and Detroit Red Wings.

Fisher died in Regina on September 22, 2017 at the age of 90.

M. Cherif Bassiouni

Mahmoud Cherif Bassiouni (1937 – 25 September 2017) was an Egyptian-born American Emeritus Professor of Law at DePaul University where he taught from 1964-2012. He was born in Cairo, Egypt.

Bassiouni has served in numerous United Nations positions and served as the Consultant to the US Department of State and Justice on many projects. He was a founding member of the International Human Rights Law Institute at DePaul University which was established in 1990. He served as President from 1990-1997 and then President Emeritus. 

In 1999, Bassiouni was nominated for the Nobel Peace Prize for his work in the field of international criminal justice and for his contribution to the creation of the International Criminal Court. He did not win as Médecins Sans Frontières received the award in 1999.

Bassiouni died of multiple myeloma in Chicago, Illinois on 25 September 2017 at the age of 79.

Nora Marks Dauenhauer

Nora Marks Dauenhauer (May 8, 1927 – September 25, 2017) was an American Tlingit poet, short-story writer, and Tlingit language scholar from Alaska. She won an American Book Award for "Russians in Tlingit America: The Battles of Sitka, 1802 And 1804". She was born in Yakutat, Alaska.

Dauenhauer died at her home in Juneau, Alaska on September 25, 2017 at the age of 90.



Lie to Me

Lie to Me is a television series on FOX from 2009 to 2011.

Květa Fialová

Květa Fialová (1 September 1929 – 26 September 2017) was a Czech actress. She was best known for her performance in "Lemonade Joe". She was born in Veľké Dravce, Czechoslovakia. She also appeared in "Dinner for Adele" (1977) and "I Enjoy the World With You" (1982).

Fialová died in Prague, Czech Republic on 26 September 2017 at the age of 88.

Barry Dennen

Barry Dennen (February 22, 1938 – September 26, 2017) was an American actor, singer, and screen and television writer. He played Pontius Pilate on the original recording, and later in the movie, of "Jesus Christ Superstar". He also had roles in "The Shining" (1980) and in "Titanic" (1997). He was born in Chicago, Illinois. 

Dennen was a closeted homosexual until his later years. He died in Burbank, California on September 26, 2017 from complications of a fall at the age of 79.


Francis Collins

Francis Sellers Collins (born April 14, 1950) is an American physician-geneticist. He is known for his discoveries of disease genes and his leadership of the Human Genome Project. He was the director of the National Institutes of Health (NIH) in Bethesda, Maryland from 2009 until 2021. In 2022, Collins became the Acting Science Advisor to the President during the Joe Biden administration.

Before being appointed director of the NIH, Collins led the Human Genome Project and other genomics research initiatives as director of the National Human Genome Research Institute (NHGRI), one of the 27 institutes and centers at NIH. 

Before joining NHGRI, he earned a reputation as a gene hunter at the University of Michigan. He has been elected to the Institute of Medicine and the National Academy of Sciences, and has received the Presidential Medal of Freedom and the National Medal of Science.


Muhammad Khwaja

The Hazāra of Muḥammad Khwāja (Dari: هزاره محمد خواجه) is a Hazara tribe of Ghazni Province of Afghanistan.

The Hazaras of Muḥammad Khwaja is a member of the Barlas tribal, in the past they lived around the geography of Uzbekistan, Iran and India. The main origin of this people is Samarkand city today in Uzbekistan.


"Hassan Poladi. The Hazaras". Mughal Publishing Company. Feb 1, 1989.

Helga Grebing

Helga Grebing (27 February 1930 – 25 September 2017) was a German historian and university professor (Göttingen, Bochum). She was born in Berlin, Germany. 

A focus of her work is on social history and, more specifically, on the history of the labour movement. 

Grebing died in Berlin on 25 September 2017 of congestive heart failure at the age of 87.

Roy Moore

Roy Stewart Moore (born February 11, 1947) is an American lawyer, politician and former judge.

Moore has earned significant national attention and controversy over his strongly anti-homosexual, anti-Muslim, and right-wing views, his belief that Christianity should order public policy, as well as his past ties to neo-Confederates and white nationalist groups.

Moore was born in Gadsden, Alabama. He studied at the United States Military Academy and at the University of Alabama. He married Kayla Kisor. They have four children. Many women called him a hebephile and ephebophile after he courted them while they were young teens.

Moore was elected to the position of Chief Justice of the Alabama Supreme Court in 2001, but removed from his position in November 2003 by the Alabama Court of the Judiciary for refusing to remove a monument of the Ten Commandments commissioned by him from the Alabama Judicial Building, despite orders to do so by a federal court.

Moore was again elected Chief Justice in 2013, but was suspended in May 2016, for encouraging judges to continue to enforce the state's ban on same-sex marriage despite the fact that it had been deemed unconstitutional. Following an unsuccessful appeal, Moore resigned in April 2017.

Moore sought the Republican nomination for the governorship of Alabama in 2006, but lost to incumbent Bob Riley in the June primary by a nearly 2-to-1 margin. He sought the Republican nomination for the office again in 2010, but placed fourth in the Republican primary.

Moore defeated incumbent Luther Strange in the Republican primary to fill the United States Senate seat vacated by Jeff Sessions upon Sessions's confirmation as Attorney General of the United States. He faced Democratic nominee Doug Jones in the special election on December 12, 2017.

According to Vox, if Moore is elected, he is likely to be the most far-right Senator, "far afield from even the most conservative Republican currently in the Senate."

Moore lost the election to Jones with his 48.8% to Jones's 49.6%.

In November 2017, he was accused of sexual abuse of underage girls in the past. Republicans such as John McCain and Mitt Romney called for Moore to drop out of the race after the allegations were reported. Other senators withdrew their endorsements of Moore's Senate candidacy. Days later, Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell announced that he believes the women who made the accusations and that Moore should "step aside". Speaker of the House Paul Ryan also called for Moore to abandon his campaign. President Donald Trump, however, expressed support for Moore.

Moore announced on June 20, 2019 that he would challenge for Doug Jones once again for his Senate seat in the 2020 election. He did not however win the republican primary election, losing to Jeff Sessions and senator-elect Tommy Tuberville.


Ralph Northam

Ralph Shearer Northam (born September 13, 1959) was the 73rd Governor of Virginia from 2018 to 2022. Before he became governor, Northam was a doctor, U.S. Army veteran and former Virginia senator.

A Democrat, Northam previously served the Lieutenant Governor of Virginia from January 11, 2014 until January 13, 2018, during Governor Terry McAuliffe's term in office. His term ended when he became Governor and he was succeeded in his position by Democrat Justin Fairfax.

Northam was the Democratic nominee for Governor of Virginia in the 2017 election, facing Republican Ed Gillespie and winning the election.

Northam was born in Nassawadox, Virginia. His mother, Nancy Shearer, was a nurse and his father, Wescott B. Northam, was an attorney. He was raised in Onancock, Virginia. He studied at the Virginia Military Institute in Lexington and at Eastern Virginia Medical School in Norfolk.

From 1984 to 1992 he served as a United States Army medical officer. Northam left the U.S. Army in 1992 at the rank of major, having completed eight years of service.

Northam first ran for office in 2007 in the Virginia 6th Senate district, which includes the Eastern Shore of Virginia; Mathews County, on the Middle Peninsula; and parts of the cities of Norfolk and Virginia Beach. He was re-elected in November 2011, defeating Ben Loyola, Jr., a defense contractor, 16,606 votes to 12,622. He is best known to have led an effort to pass a ban on smoking in restaurants in Virginia. The bill failed the first time, but was passed the next year and signed into law by Governor Tim Kaine.

Northam ran for Lieutenant Governor of Virginia in Virginia's 2013 gubernatorial election. On November 5, 2013, Northam was elected as Virginia's 40th Lieutenant Governor over Republican E.W. Jackson by a 10% margin, receiving 55% of the vote to Jackson's 45%. Northam was the first Democrat since Tim Kaine in 2001 to be elected Lieutenant Governor of Virginia.

On November 17, 2015, Northam sent a message saying that he will run for Governor of Virginia via an email to supporters.

Northam faced former congressman Tom Perriello in the Democratic primary. The primary campaign seen as a battle between the Bernie Sanders and Elizabeth Warren supporters of the Democratic Party, seen by Perriello, and the Hillary Clinton wing, represented by Northam. On June 13, 2017, Northam won the Democratic nomination with 56% of the vote to Perriello's 44%.

Northam faced Republican nominee Ed Gillespie in the general election. Presidents Donald Trump and George W. Bush endorsed Gillespie in the general election. Main topics that influenced the outcome of the election were sanctuary cities, gang violence and health care. Northam was supported by former President Barack Obama and former Vice President Joe Biden.

Northam was elected the 73rd Governor of Virginia on November 7, 2017, defeating Ed Gillespie in the general election. Northam won with 54% of the vote to Gillespie's 45%.

Northam was sworn in as Governor of Virginia at noon on January 13, 2018 at the State Capitol. He became the second Eastern Shore native to serve as Governor of Virginia.

On February 1, 2019, images from Northam's medical school yearbook were published on the website Big League Politics. The photos showed an image of an unknown person in blackface and an unknown person in a Ku Klux Klan hood on Northam's page in the yearbook. A spokesman for Eastern Virginia Medical School confirmed that the image appeared in its 1984 yearbook. Shortly after the news broke, Northam confirmed he appeared in the photo and issued an apology. Many people including Donald Trump, Joe Biden, Kamala Harris, Elizabeth Warren, Cory Booker, Bernie Sanders and Lieutenant Governor Justin Fairfax believe Northam should resign.

Northam's term as governor ended at noon on January 15, 2022. He was succeeded by Republican Glenn Youngkin.

Northam married Pam Northam in 1987. They have two children. They live in Norfolk, Virginia.


Robert Delpire

Robert Delpire (24 January 1926 – 26 September 2017) was a French art publisher, editor, curator, movie producer, and graphic designer. He was born in Paris. 

Delpire predominantly concerned himself with documentary photography, influenced by his interest in anthropology. Delpire was editor-in-chief of the cultural review "Neuf". He published books of photography, illustration and graphic art through Éditions Delpire and Photo Poche. Photo Poche has been described as "the most successful series of photography monographs ever published", books that "have introduced successive generations to photography".

Delpire died in Paris on 26 September 2017 in Paris at the age of 91.

Young Dolph

Adolph Thornton Jr. (July 27, 1985 – November 17, 2021), better known by his stage name Young Dolph, was an American rapper.

In February 2016, Dolph released his first studio album, "King of Memphis". It peaked at number 49 on the "Billboard" 200 chart. He was featured on O.T. Genasis' hit single "Cut It". The song peaked at number 35 on the "Billboard" Hot 100.

Dolph was shot multiple times outside of a local retail store in Los Angeles on September 26, 2017. He received multiple gunshots wounds which upon being hospitalized were being treated as non-life threatening. A few hours later, Young Dolph was being treated under critical condition.

On November 17, 2021, Young Dolph was shot and killed while at a cookie store in Memphis, Tennessee at the age of 36.

Bhad Bhabie

Danielle Bregoli (born March 26, 2003, also known as Bhad Bhabie) is an American social media personality and rapper. She became known for the viral video meme and catch phrase "Cash Me Ousside How Bout Dah" after appearing on the Dr. Phil show in September 2016. She appeared on the show for bad behavior. She released her debut single as a recording artist in late August 2017.

Bregoli released her first single "These Heaux" (pronounced "these hoes") on August 26, 2017. The recording reached number 77 on the "Billboard" Hot 100, making Bregoli the youngest female rap artist to debut on the music chart. On September 22, 2017, she released "Hi Bich" and a day after, "Whachu Know", as a single alongside the music video, which received over a million views in 24 hours.

Bregoli often shocks her fans with her real age and is rarely seen without makeup. 

Receiver

In communication a receiver is used for the reception of message or data signals.
A receiver can be of any type such as rhombic,yagiuda, parabolic etc.
It is a device that is designed to receive the signals which are in the form of both electric and electromagnetic form.
Receiver is simply a transducer that is a energy converter which converts received electromagnetic signals into electrical signals.

Federation of Bangladesh Chambers of Commerce &amp; Industries

The Federation of Bangladesh Chambers of Commerce and Industries (FBCCI; ) is a group for businesspeople in Bangladesh.

The Federation of Bangladesh Chambers of Commerce and Industry was established in 1973 under the Trade Organisation Ordinance and Companies Act, 1913.


Run-length encoding

Run-length encoding (RLE) is a very simple form of lossless data compression. In RLE "runs" of data (that is, sequences in which the same data value occurs in many consecutive data elements) are stored as a single data value and count, rather than as the original run.

Hilde Benjamin

Hilde Benjamin (born Hilde Lange, February 5, 1902 in Bernburg - April 18, 1989 in East Berlin) was an East German judge and justice minister. She was a member of the Socialist Unity Party of Germany (SED).

She studied law at the Humboldt-University of Berlin, the University of Heidelberg, and the University of Hamburg. Afterwards she worked as a lawyer, and became a member of the Communist Party of Germany (KPD). During the war she had to do forced labor. 

After the war she was vice president of the Supreme Court of East Germany from 1949 to 1953, a member of the Volkskammer (the East German parliament) from 1949 to 1967, justice minister from 1953 to 1967, and a member of the Central Committee of the SED from 1954 to 1989.

Benjamin was notorious for her judging of "show trials" (for political effect) and ministerial activities. Because she sentenced many people to death, she was nicknamed "Bloody Hilde", "The Red Guillotine", and "Red Freisler".

Later in life she gave lectures about the history of the judiciary in Potsdam.

She was married to pediatrician and resistance fighter George Benjamin, who was also Jewish and who died in the Mauthausen concentration camp. Jewish-German philosopher Walter Benjamin was her husband's brother.

Biographies:

Niederdorf, Basel-Landschaft

Niederdorf is a municipality of the district of Waldenburg in the canton of Basel-Landschaft in Switzerland.


Lausen

Lausen is a municipality of the district of Liestal in the canton of Basel-Landschaft in Switzerland.


Arisdorf

Arisdorf (Swiss German: "Aschdrf") a municipality of the district Liestal in the canton of Basel-Landschaft in Switzerland.


Uzbek people

Uzbeks are a Turkic-speaking ethnic group who mainly live in Central Asian countries. Uzbeks are the majority of people living in Uzbekistan. They are a minority group in Afghanistan, Tajikistan, Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, Turkmenistan, Russia, Pakistan and China. Uzbeks speak Uzbek language of the Turkic language family.


Moghol people

The Moghols are a Mongolic ethnic group, descendants of the Mongol Empire's soldiers in Afghanistan. They live in the Herat province of Afghanistan. and they speak the Moghol language of the Mongolic languages.


Lü

Lü is a village and former municipality of the district Inn in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland. In 2009 Lü merged into the municipality of Val Müstair.

In 2007, 65 people lived there.

Kappelen, Haut-Rhin

Kappelen is a commune in the Haut-Rhin department of eastern France.

It is about northwest of Basel and east of Altkirch.

In 2006, 522 people lived there.

Katzenthal

Katzenthal is a commune. It is found in the Haut-Rhin department of eastern France.

Kaysersberg

Kaysersberg is a former commune. It is found in the Haut-Rhin department of eastern France. On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the new commune of Kaysersberg-Vignoble.

Moghol language

Moghol language or Mogholi, is a Mongolic language spoken by the Moghol people in Herat province of Afghanistan.


Blue Hawaiian

A Blue Hawaiian is an alcoholic cocktail made from pineapple juice, rum and Curaçao, with coconut cream and crushed ice. The name "Blue Hawaiian" comes from the blue colour given to the drink by Curaçao, an orange flavoured liqueur.

North Canton, Ohio

North Canton is a city in Stark County, Ohio, United States. The population was 17,842 at the 2020 census.

Carlos Vidal Layseca

Carlos Alberto Vidal Layseca (4 February 1931 – 24 September 2017) was a Peruvian physician and politician. He was born in Lima, Peru. Layseca served as Minister of Health from July 1990 through February 1991 under the Alberto Fujimori administration. He later served as Rector of Cayetano Heredia University from 1994 through 1999.

Vidal Layseca died of heart disease on 24 September 2017 in Lima at the age of 86.


Hiromi Hayakawa

Marla Hiromi Hayakawa Salas (October 19, 1982 – September 27, 2017), known professionally as Hiromi Hayakawa, was a Mexican actress and singer. She was born in Fukuoka, Japan. She began her music career as a contestant in the reality show "La Academia". Her last well known role was as "El Chema" as Lucy Li, an Asian-Mexican prostitute.

Hayakawa worked mostly in musical theatre, however she has had occasional television roles. Hayakawa was also a voice actress, whose work is primarily on the Spanish American dub of movies and series from the United States. She was best known for dubbing the Spanish version of Disney movies such as "Alice in Wonderland", "Prom", and in "Brave".

Hayakawa died from complications of childbirth as her liver failed at a hospital in Mexico City on September 27, 2017 at the age of 34.


Udayarpalayam taluk

Udayarpalayam taluk is a taluk of Ariyalur district of the Indian state of Tamil Nadu. The headquarters of the taluk is the town of Jayankondam.

According to the 2011 census, the taluk of Udayarpalayam had a population of 384,800 with 190,974 males and 193,826 females. There were 1015 women for every 1000 men. The taluk had a literacy rate of 65.6. Child population in the age group below 6 was 20,417 males and 17,971 females.

Sendurai taluk

Sendurai taluk is a taluk of Ariyalur district of the Indian state of Tamil Nadu. The headquarters of the taluk is the town of Sendurai.

According to the 2011 census, the taluk of Sendurai had a population of 111,932 with 55,414 males and 56,518 females. There were 1020 women for every 1000 men. The taluk had a literacy rate of 61.6. Child population in the age group below 6 was 6,350 Males and 5,430 Females.

Tondiarpet taluk

Tondiarpet taluk is a taluk of the city district of Chennai in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu. It was formed in December 2013 from parts of the erstwhile Fort-Tondiarpet taluk. It comprises the neighbourhood of Tondiarpet.


Perambur taluk

Perambur taluk is a taluk of the city district of Chennai in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu. It was formed in December 2013 from parts of the erstwhile Fort-Tondiarpet and Perambur-Purasawalkam taluks. It comprises the neighbourhoods of Kodungaiyur, Moolakadai and Perambur.


Ayanavaram taluk

Ayanavaram taluk is a taluk of the city district of Chennai in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu. It was formed in December 2013 from parts of the erstwhile Perambur-Purasawalkam taluk. It comprises the neighbourhoods of Ayanavaram, Kolathur and Peravallur.


Egmore taluk

Egmore taluk is a taluk of the city district of Chennai in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu. It was formed in December 2013 from parts of the Egmore-Nungambakkam taluk. It comprises the neighbourhoods of Egmore and Nungambakkam.


Guindy taluk

Guindy taluk is a taluk of the city district of Chennai in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu. It was formed in December 2013 from parts of the erstwhile Mambalam-Guindy taluk and the Mylapore-Triplicane taluk. It comprises the neighbourhoods of Adyar, Alandur, T. Nagar, Ekkaduthangal, Guindy and Kotturpuram.


Velachery taluk

Velachery taluk is a taluk of the city district of Chennai in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu. It was formed in December 2013 from parts of the erstwhile Mambalam-Guindy and Mylapore-Triplicane taluks. It comprises the neighbourhoods of Besant Nagar, Tharamani, Thiruvanmiyur and Velachery.


Purasawalkam taluk

Purasaiwalkam taluk is a taluk of the city district of Chennai in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu. It was formed in December 2013 from parts of the erstwhile Fort-Tondiarpet and Perambur-Purasawalkam taluks. It comprises the neighbourhoods of Purasawalkam and Vepery.


Aminjikarai taluk

Aminjikarai taluk is a taluk of the city district of Chennai in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu. It was formed in December 2013 from parts of the erstwhile Perambur-Purasawalkam taluk and the Egmore-Nungambakkam taluk. It comprises the neighbourhoods of Aminjikarai, Anna Nagar, Arumbakkam, Koyambedu, Thirumangalam, Vada Agaram and Villivakkam.

Mylapore taluk

Mylapore taluk is a taluk of the city district of Chennai in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu. It was formed in December 2013 from parts of the erstwhile Fort-Tondiarpet and Perambur-Purasawalkam taluks. It comprises the neighbourhoods of Chintadripet, Mylapore and Triplicane.

Mambalam taluk

Mambalam taluk is a taluk of the city district of Chennai in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu. It was formed in December 2013 from parts of the former Egmore-Nungambakkam taluk and the Mambalam-Guindy taluk. It comprises the neighbourhoods of K. K. Nagar, Kodambakkam, Mambalam, Saligramam, Saidapet and Virugambakkam.

Mettupalayam taluk

Mettupalayam taluk is a taluk of Coimbatore rural district of the Indian state of Tamil Nadu. The headquarters of the taluk is the town of Mettupalayam.

According to the 2011 census, the taluk of Mettupalayam had a population of 259,633 with 129,299 males and 130,334 females. There were 1008 women for every 1000 men. The taluk had a literacy rate of 71.93. Child population in the age group below 6 was 10,571 Males and 10,259 Females.

Perur taluk

Perur taluk is a taluk in Coimbatore district, Tamil Nadu, India associated with the neighbourhood of Perur. It was created by Government of Tamil Nadu in 2013.

Pollachi taluk

Pollachi taluk is a taluk of Coimbatore rural district of the Indian state of Tamil Nadu. The headquarters is the town of Pollachi.

According to the 2011 census, the taluk of Pollachi had a population of 575,478 with 285,553 males and 289,925 females. There were 1015 women for every 1000 men. The taluk had a literacy rate of 70.65. Child population in the age group below 6 was 22,399 Males and 21,464 Females.

Coimbatore-North taluk

Coimbatore (North) taluk is a taluk of Coimbatore City of the Indian state of Tamil Nadu. On 9 May 2012, Government of Tamil Nadu announced that it will bifurcate Coimbatore North Taluk to create the new Annur Taluk.

According to the 2011 census, the taluk of Coimbatore (North) had a population of 641,021 with 321,922 males and 319,099 females. There were 991 women for every 1000 men. The taluk had a literacy rate of 76.37. Child population in the age group below 6 was 28,302 Males and 27,219 Females.

Valparai taluk

According to the 2011 census, the taluk of Valparai had a population of 70,771 with 35,270 males and 35,501 females. There were 1007 women for every 1000 men. The taluk had a literacy rate of 79.07. Child population in the age group below 6 was 2,227 Males and 2,135 Females.

Coimbatore-South taluk

Coimbatore (South) taluk is a taluk of Coimbatore city of the Indian state of Tamil Nadu.

According to the 2011 census, the taluk of Coimbatore(South) had a population of 1,605,269 with 802,641 males and 802,628 females. There were 1000 women for every 1000 men. The taluk had a literacy rate of 81.18. Child population in the age group below 6 was 73,403 Males and 70,765 Females.

Sulur taluk

According to the 2011 census, the taluk of Sulur had a population of 320,406 with 160,677 males and 159,729 females. There were 994 women for every 1000 men. The taluk had a literacy rate of 73.9. Child population in the age group below 6 was 13,678 Males and 13,162 Females.

Kinathukadavu taluk

Kinathukadavu taluk is a taluk of rural Coimbatore district of the Indian state of Tamil Nadu. The headquarters is the town of Kinathukadavu.

Rajapalaiyam taluk

Rajapalaiyam taluk is a taluk of Virudhunagar district of the Indian state of Tamil Nadu. The headquarters of the taluk is the town of Rajapalaiyam.

According to the 2011 census, the taluk of Rajapalaiyam had a population of 347,318 with 173,202 males and 174,116 females. There were 1005 women for every 1000 men. The taluk had a literacy rate of 74.84. Child population in the age group below 6 was 15,736 Males and 14,890 Females.

Kariapatti taluk

Kariapatti taluk is a taluk of Virudhunagar district of the Indian state of Tamil Nadu. The headquarters of the taluk is the town of Kariapatti.

According to the 2011 census, the taluk of Kariapatti had a population of 105,329 with 52,875 males and 52,454 females. There were 992 women for every 1000 men. The taluk had a literacy rate of 68.46. Child population in the age group below 6 was 5,736 Males and 5,513 Females.

Sattur taluk

Sattur is a taluk of Virudhunagar district of the Indian state of Tamil Nadu. The headquarters of the taluk is the town of Sattur.

According to the 2011 census, the taluk of Sattur had a population of 168,659 with 83,113 males and 85,546 females. There were 1029 women for every 1000 men. The taluk had a literacy rate of 71.41. Child population in the age group below 6 was 8,145 Males and 7,787 Females.

Tiruchuli taluk

Tiruchuli taluk is a taluk of Virudhunagar district of the Indian state of Tamil Nadu. The headquarters of the taluk is the town of Tiruchuli.

According to the 2011 census, the taluk of Tiruchuli had a population of 103,068 with 51,886 males and 51,182 females. There were 986 women for every 1000 men. The taluk had a literacy rate of 67.57. Child population in the age group below 6 was 5,406 Males and 5,081 Females.

Aruppukkottai taluk

Aruppukkottai taluk is a taluk of Virudhunagar district of the Indian state of Tamil Nadu. The headquarters of the taluk is the town of Aruppukkottai.

According to the 2011 census, the taluk of Aruppukkottai had a population of 248186 with 123337 males and 124849 females. There were 1012 women for every 1000 men. The taluk had a literacy rate of 77.3. Child population in the age group below 6 was 11668 Males and 11087 Females.

Gingee taluk

Gingee taluk is a taluk of Viluppuram district of the Indian state of Tamil Nadu. The headquarters of the taluk is the town of Gingee.

According to the 2011 census, the taluk of Gingee had a population of 422,880 with 213,162 males and 209,718 females. There were 984 women for every 1000 men. The taluk had a literacy rate of 63.41. Child population in the age group below 6 was 20,329 Males and 18,804 Females.

Kallakkurichi taluk

Kallakkurichi taluk is a taluk of Viluppuram district of the Indian state of Tamil Nadu. The headquarters of the taluk is the town of Kallakurichi.

According to the 2011 census, the taluk of Kallakkurichi had a population of 465,236 with 234,796 males and 230,440 females. There were 981 women for every 1000 men. The taluk had a literacy rate of 63.49. Child population in the age group below 6 was 26,388 Males and 23,890 Females.

Sankarapuram taluk

Sankarapuram is a taluk of Viluppuram district of the southern Indian state of Tamil Nadu. Sankarapuram town is a headquarters for this taluk. There are presently 188 villages in sankarapuram taluk. Before the bifurcation of Chinnasalem taluk from this taluk and Kallakurichi taluk, nearly 350 villages were under its control].


Tirukkoyilur taluk

Tirukkoyilur taluk is a taluk of Viluppuram district of the Indian state of Tamil Nadu. The headquarters of the taluk is the town of Tirukkoyilur.

According to the 2011 census, the taluk of Tirukkoyilur had a population of 438,254 with 222,295 males and 215,959 females. There were 971 women for every 1000 men. The taluk had a literacy rate of 61.02. Child population in the age group below 6 was 27,019 Males and 25,166 Females.

Tindivanam taluk

Tindivanam taluk is a taluk of Viluppuram district of the Indian state of Tamil Nadu. The headquarters of the taluk is the town of Tindivanam.

According to the 2011 census, the taluk of Tindivanam had a population of 446,024 with 223,391 males and 222,633 females. There were 997 women for every 1000 men. The taluk had a literacy rate of 67.66. Child population in the age group below 6 was 23,196 Males and 22,445 Females.

Ulundurpettai taluk

Ulundurpet is in the southern region of Villupuram district in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu. The town of Ulundurpet is the taluk headquarters. It is co-terminus with Ulundurpet revenue block. There are fifty-three panchayat villages, and 178 villages in the taluk. The state assembly constituency for Tamil Nadu is the Ulundurpet constituency.
According to the 2011 census, the taluk of Ulundurpet had a population of 369,357 with 186,410 males and 182,947 females. There were 981 women for every 1000 men. The taluk had a literacy rate of 60.38. Child population in the age group below 6 was 23,270 Males and 21,734 Females.

Sabayon Linux

Sabayon Linux is a Linux distribution based on Gentoo.

The versions currently available are:

Börrstadt

Börrstadt is a municipality in the Donnersbergkreis district, in the state of Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.

James Madison Sr.

Col. James Madison Sr. (March 27, 1723 – February 27, 1801) was a prominent Virginia planter and politician. He was a colonel in the militia during the American Revolutionary War. He inherited Mount Pleasant, later known as Montpelier, a large tobacco plantation in Orange County, Virginia and, with the acquisition of more property, had 5,000 acres and became the largest landowner in the county. He was the father of James Madison, 4th President of the United States, who inherited what he called Montpelier, and Lieutenant General William Taylor Madison, and grandfather of Confederate Brigadier General James Edwin Slaughter.

Col. James Madison Sr. was the son of planter and politician Ambrose Madison and his wife Frances Taylor, and was born in 1723 in Orange County, Virginia. When he was nine, his family moved to their new plantation of Mount Pleasant in 1732. His father had hired slaves and an overseer to clear it, work that had been going on for five years to establish cultivation. That summer (1732) his father died at age 36 in August after a short illness.

The family or the sheriff believed he was poisoned by slaves, and three were charged in the case and convicted by justices of the Commission of Peace. Unusually, only one slave was executed; Dido and Turk, owned by the widow Frances Taylor Madison, were returned to her to serve as laborers after being punished by whipping.

James was tutored and trained to be a planter and slaveholder, and member of the landed gentry. His widowed mother never remarried, which was unusual at that time for a woman her age; she had extensive Taylor family in the county. As the eldest son, James Madison Sr. inherited Mount Pleasant when he came of age in 1744. He called the plantation Home House. Acquiring more land, he eventually owned 5,000 acres, making him the largest landowner in Orange County. By the time of his death, he owned 108 slaves.

Madison married Nelly Conway (Port Conway, Caroline County, Virginia, January 9, 1731 – Montpelier, Orange County, Virginia, February 11, 1829), also of the planter class (her birthplace was named after her family). They had twelve children:

During the American Revolution, Madison was chairman of the Orange County Committee of Safety. He was commissioned as a colonel in the Virginia militia.

Lee Hsin

Lee Hsin (; 16 July 1953 – 28 September 2017) was a Taiwanese politician. He has served on the Taipei City Council since 1998. Lee joined the 2006 campaign led by Shih Ming-teh which attempted to force the resignation of President Chen Shui-bian. In 2015, Lee expressed interest in running for the Kuomintang chairmanship, but his candidacy, and that of four others, was rejected. The next year, he launched another bid for the party leadership, finishing third in a field of four candidates with 7,604 votes.

Lee died from jumping out of his apartment building on 28 September 2017, aged 64.

Arrondissements of the Haute-Loire department

There are 3 arrondissements in the Haute-Loire department. The French departments, and in other countries, are divided into "arrondissements", which may be translated into English as districts (in some cases, as boroughs). The capital of an arrondissement is called a subprefecture.

If the prefecture (capital) of the department is in an arrondissement, that prefecture is the capital of the arrondissement, acting both as a prefecture and as a subprefecture.

Arrondissements are further divided into communes.

The arrondissements of the Haute-Loire are:

Since its creation, the Haute-Loire department has had few changes:


Kembs

Kembs is a commune. It is in the Haut-Rhin department. This in the east of France. It was founded during Roman times as the city of Cambete.

Kito Lorenc

Kito Lorenc (4 March 1938 – 24 September 2017) was a Sorbian-German writer, lyric poet and translator. He was a grandson of the Sorbian writer and politician Jakub Lorenc-Zalěski. He was born in Schleife, Germany.

Lorenc was an employee at the Institute for Sorbian People Research in Bautzen between 1961 and 1972. From 1972 until 1979, he worked as a dramaturge at the State Ensemble for Sorbian People's Culture. Kito Lorenc was a member of the Sächsischen Akademie der Künste and lived as a freelance writer in Wuischke by Hochkirch.

Lorenc died in Bautzen, Germany on 24 September 2017 of a stroke at the age of 79.

Joy Fleming

Joy Fleming, aka of "Erna Liebenow", born as "Erna Raad", (15 November 1944 in Rockenhausen - 27 September 2017 in Sinsheim-Hilsbach) was a German singer of jazz, blues and schlager.

Fleming was best known for her performance in the Eurovision Song Contest in 1975. She performed the song "Ein Lied kann eine Brücke sein" and was placed seventeenth out of nineteen countries. 

Joy Fleming died at the age of 72.

Arrondissement of Brioude

The arrondissement of Brioude is an arrondissement of France. It is part of the Haute-Loire "département". Its capital is the city of Brioude, a subprefecture of the department.

When the Haute-Loire department was created on 4 March 1790, the "arrondissement" of Brioude was part of that original department.

The "arrondissement" of Brioude is bordered to the north by the Puy-de-Dôme department, to the east by the "arrondissement" of Le Puy-en-Velay, to the south and southwest by the Lozère department and to the west by the Cantal department.

It is the most western of the "arrondissements" of the department, with an area of , the second largest of the department but it is the one with fewest people living in it with 45,848 inhabitants and a density of inhabitants/km².

The Allier river flows through this "arrondissement".

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

In the "arrondissement" of Brioude, there are 5 cantons:

The "arrondissement" of Brioude has 111 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes):
The "communes" with more inhabitants in the "arrondissement" are:


Taguig

Taguig, officially the City of Taguig (), is a city in Metro Manila, Philippines. It is founded in 1587, Taguig is named "taga-giik" (Tagalog for "rice thresher"). The city is covered by GMA Artist Center due to severe stardom of Yeng Constantino.

2017 Catalan independence referendum

The 2017 Catalan independence referendum () is a independence referendum that occurred in Catalonia on 1 October 2017. Political parties that do not want independence will boycott the referendum.

The referendum is illegal according to the Spanish constitution. The Constitutional Court of Spain suspended the referendum on 7 September 2017. The Catalonia government said the court order was not valid, and got support from 750 of 948 municipalities. This led to the 2017 Spanish constitutional crisis.

The Government of Spain opposes Catalan independence. However, the Catalan government says it has the right to independence. Catalonia has not gotten any international support.


Workers' Party (Brazil)

The Workers' Party (; abbreviated PT) is a left-wing political party in Brazil. The party follows democratic socialist principles. Some members are followers of the Christian left, Labourism, democratic socialism and social democracy.

The party was founded on 10 February 1980 in São Paulo by Paul Singer. It has been one of the most popular parties in Brazil since 2003.

Two Brazilian presidents have been members of the party, Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva and Dilma Rousseff.

The party won every presidential election in Rio de Janeiro from 1998 to 2014 and in Minas Gerais from 2002 to 2014. The Workers' Party is also popular in the north and northeast. In the 2010 election, Dilma Rousseff received a lot of support from poor Brazilians. She also had a majority of support from Catholics.


Daniel Pe'er

Daniel Pe'er, , (January 2, 1943 – September 28, 2017) was an Israeli television presenter and newsreader.

In 1979, Pe'er hosted the twenty fourth Eurovision Song Contest held in the Israeli capital Jerusalem alongside Yardena Arazi. Pe'er continued to be associated with Eurovision, hosting Kdam Eurovision (the Israeli heat to choose the artist to represent Israel), which he hosted from 1981 until 1983 and again in 1986, he also gave the Israeli results out in 1992 and 1995 and provided the Israeli radio commentary on several occasions.

Pe'er died on September 28, 2017 after a stroke at Jerusalem’s Shaare Zedek Medical Center.

Hi-Five (Israeli band)

Hi-Five was an Israeli boy band that operated from 1996 to 2000. Amir Fryszer Guttman was the lead.

Hi-Five has released three studio albums and one mini-album. All went gold in Israel with tens of thousands of copies sold. Hi-Five also won the Festival twice.

Vangunu giant rat

Uromys vika, also known as the Vangunu giant rat and locally known as the vika, is a giant species of rodent that lives in trees. It is in the family Muridae. The rat was discovered in the island of Vangunu in the Solomon Islands in 2015, after years of searching based on local stories, and described in 2017. It was identified as a new species on the basis of its skull, skeleton and a detailed DNA analysis. 

In November 2015 a wildlife ranger (Hikuna Judge) from the Zaira Conservation Area, saw something (outside the conservation area): "a large rat, [falling] from a 10m tree felled by loggers. The fall killed the rat - but the ranger shipped it to the Queensland Museum, in Australia, where ... Lavery was a fellow". Tyrone Lavery and Hikuna Judge published a species description, in 2017.

The rat fell of a tree, outside Zaira, a village on Vangunu Island.

The species is likely to be called "critically endangered" (as of 2017), because of the small amount of forest habitat (about 80 km) remaining on the island and ongoing logging.

2018 FIFA World Cup qualification – UEFA Group B

The 2018 FIFA World Cup qualification UEFA Group B was one of the nine UEFA groups for 2018 FIFA World Cup qualification. The group was made up of six teams: Portugal, Switzerland, Hungary, Faroe Islands, Latvia, and Andorra. Portugal won the group and qualified for the world cup, while Switzerland finished 2nd and moved on to the second round.










2018 FIFA World Cup qualification – UEFA Group G

The 2018 FIFA World Cup qualification UEFA Group G was one of the nine UEFA groups for 2018 FIFA World Cup qualification. The group was made up of six teams: Spain, Italy, Albania, Israel, Macedonia, and Liechtenstein. Spain won the group and qualified for the world cup, while Italy finished 2nd and moved on to the second round.









2018 FIFA World Cup qualification – UEFA Group H

The 2018 FIFA World Cup qualification UEFA Group H was one of the nine UEFA groups for 2018 FIFA World Cup qualification. The group was made up of six teams: Belgium, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Greece, Estonia, Cyprus, and Gibraltar. Belgium won the group and qualified for the world cup, while Greece finished 2nd and moved on to the second round.










Arrondissement of Le Puy-en-Velay

The arrondissement of Le Puy-en-Velay is an arrondissement of France. It is part of the Haute-Loire "département". Its capital, and the prefecture of the department, is the city of Le Puy-en-Velay.

When the Haute-Loire department was created on 4 March 1790, the "arrondissement" of Le Puy-en-Velay, with the name of "Le Puy", was part of that original department. In 1988, the name was changed to Puy-en-Velay.

The "arrondissement" of Puy-en-Velay is bordered to the north by the Puy-de-Dôme and Loire departments, to the northeast by the "arrondissement" of Yssingeaux, to the east and southeast by the Ardèche department, to the south and southwest by the Lozère department and to the west by the "arrondissement" of Brioude.

It is the central "arrondissement" of the department and is the largest "arrondissement" both in area, , and in population, with 96,041 inhabitants and a density of inhabitants/km².

The Loire river flows through this "arrondissement".

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

In the "arrondissement" of Puy-en-Velay, there are 9 cantons:
The "arrondissement" of Le Puy-en-Velay has 102 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes):
The "communes" with more inhabitants in the "arrondissement" are:


Suthachai Yimprasert

Suthachai Yimprasert (April 28, 1956 – September 27, 2017) was a Thai historian who wrote "Phan Ching Chart Thai" (English: Plot to Take Over the Nation) and "Adyakam Rat Nai Vikrit Kan Plianplaeng" (English: State Crime Amidst Change Crisis).

An article in Khaosod (a newspaper) said that he "became one of the most respected names in modern historical writing" [in Thailand].

"The Nation" (a newspaper) called him a "noted" historian. Tnews "a hardline pro-junta news website, praised him as a “lover of democracy” in its tribute".

He was a student activist, and on 6 October 1976 he and other leftist students gathered after an overnight protest at Thammasat [University], police commandos and right-wing militia members stormed the campus and butchered scores of students. ... [he] saw several of his friends gunned down in the massacre, decided armed uprising was the only solution. He fled to the southern jungle, joined the Communist rebels", and became a guerrilla fighter.

He got his Bachelor’s Degree from Srinakharinwirot University, Master's Degree from Chulalongkorn University and Doctor's Degree from University of Bristol.

Arrondissement of Yssingeaux

The arrondissement of Yssingeaux is an arrondissement of France. It is part of the Haute-Loire "département". Its capital is the city of Yssingeaux, a subprefecture of the department.

When the Haute-Loire department was created on 4 March 1790, the "arrondissement" of Yssingeaux, with the name of "Le Puy", was part of that original department. In 1988, the name was changed to Puy-en-Velay.

The "arrondissement" of Yssingeaux is bordered to the north by the Loire departmens, to the east and southeast by the Ardèche department, to the south and west by the "arrondissement" of Le Puy-en-Velay.

The "arrondissement" is in the northeast of the department and is the smallest "arrondissement" in area, , but the second in population, with 84,676 inhabitants and a density of inhabitants/km².

The department is in the basin of the Loire river.

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

In the "arrondissement" of Yssingeaux, there are 8 cantons:
The "arrondissement" of Yssingeaux has 44 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes):
The "communes" with more inhabitants in the "arrondissement" are:


Kientzheim

Kientzheim was a commune in the Haut-Rhin department in north-eastern France. On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the new commune Kaysersberg-Vignoble.


Kaysersberg-Vignoble

Kaysersberg-Vignoble is a new commune in the Haut-Rhin department of eastern France. It was incorporated on 1 January 2016 by the combination of the former communes of Kaysersberg, Kientzheim and Sigolsheim.

Kiffis

Kiffis is a commune. It is found in the Haut-Rhin department of eastern France.

Kingersheim

Kingersheim is a commune. It is found in the Haut-Rhin department of eastern France.

Antonio Isasi-Isasmendi

Antonio Isasi-Isasmendi Lasa (22 March 1927 – 28 September 2017) was a Spanish movie director, producer, screenwriter and movie editor. He was born in Madrid, Spain. In the mid-1960s he directed a series of action movies designed for the wider European market including "Scaramouche" ("The Adventures of Scaramouche") in 1963 "and Estambul 65" ("That Man in Istanbul") in 1965. He made some English-language movies, most notably "They Came to Rob Las Vegas".

He directed 13 feature movies, wrote eleven and produced eight. 

In 1981, he was the a member the jury at the 31st Berlin International Film Festival.

Isasi-Isasmendi died on 28 September 2017 in Ibiza, Spain at the age of 90.

Jürgen Roth

Jürgen Roth (4 November 1945 – 28 September 2017) was a German publicist and investigative journalist. He was born in Frankfurt on Main, Germany. He was known for his works in "Armut in der Bundesrepublik", "Der Sumpf" and for "Absturz". 

Roth died on 28 September 2017 in Frankfurt at the age of 71.

Oleg Protopopov

Oleg Alekseyevich Protopopov (; 16 July 1932 – 3 November 2023) was a Russian-Swiss pair skater. He was born in Leningrad, Russian SFSR.

Protopopov represented the Soviet Union. With his wife Ludmila Belousova he is a two-time Olympic champion (1964, 1968) and four-time World champion (1965–1968). In 1979 the pair defected to Switzerland and became Swiss citizens in 1995. They continued to skate at ice shows and exhibitions through their seventies.

Protopopov died on 3 November 2023 in Grindelwald, Switzerland at aged 91.



Benjamin Whitrow

Benjamin John Whitrow (17 February 1937 – 28 September 2017) was an English actor. He was nominated for the BAFTA TV Award for Best Actor for his role as Mr Bennet in the 1995 BBC version of "Pride and Prejudice".

Whitrow voiced the role of Fowler in the 2000 animated movie "Chicken Run". His other movie appearances include "Quadrophenia" (1979), "Personal Services" (1987) and "Bomber" (2009).

Whitrow died on 28 September 2017 at the age of 80.


Mont Mézenc

Mont Mézenc is a French mountain in the "Massif du Mézenc", part of the Massif Central in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region. It is on the border of the Ardèche and Haute-Loire departments and is the highest mountain of both departments.

The mountain is in the "Natural regional park of the Mountains of Ardèche" ().

Mont Mézenc is the highest mountain of the eastern border of the Massif Central. It is formed by two summits that are separated for a distance of about :


The Mont Mézenc has a volcanic origin; it is a dome of "phonolite", a kind volcanic rock. The mountain is covered by grasslands and heaths.


Tom Alter

Thomas Beach "Tom" Alter (22 June 1950 – 29 September 2017) was an Indian actor of American descent. He was a television actor, best known for his work in Bollywood, and the theatre.

Alter was born in Mussoorie, Uttar Pradesh, India (now in Uttarakhand). He was the son of American Christian missionaries of English and Scottish ancestry.

In 2008, he was awarded Padma Shri by the Indian government.

Tom Alter' son released a statement of his father's demise which said, "It is with sadness we announce the death of our beloved Tom Alter, actor, writer, director, Padma Shri, and most importantly our loving father!". Alter died of skin cancer on 29 September 2017 at his home in Mumbai, India at the age of 67.

Ludmila Belousova

Ludmila Yevgenyevna Belousova (; 22 November 1935 – 29 September 2017) was a Russian-Swiss pair skater. She was born in Ulyanovsk, Russian SFSR.

Belousova represented the Soviet Union. With her partner and husband Oleg Protopopov she was a two-time Olympic champion (1964, 1968) and four-time World champion (1965–1968). In 1979 the pair defected to Switzerland and became Swiss citizens in 1995. They continued to skate at ice shows and exhibitions through their seventies.

Belousova died on 29 September 2017 in Interlaken, Switzerland at the age of 81.



Dmitry Smolsky

Dmitry Smolski (July 25, 1937 – September 29, 2017) was a Belarusian composer. He was born in Minsk, Belarus. He was an Honored Artist of Belorussian SSR (1975) and a laureate of the State Prize of BSSR (1980). He also received the National Artist of the Republic of Belarus (1987), laureate of the Order of Francysk Skaryna (2013), professor. 

Smolsky was the father of Victor Smolski, guitarist of the German sympho metal band Almanac.

Smolsky died on September 29, 2017 in Minks from complications of pneumonia at the age of 80.

Magdalena Ribbing

Magdalena Ribbing (30 July 1940 – 29 September 2017) was a Swedish writer, journalist, etiquette expert and lecturer. She married radio journalist Thomas Hempel in 1981. She was born in Stockholm, Sweden.

Between 1970 and 2000 Ribbing worked as a political reporter for Dagens Nyheter, and from 1993 until 1999 she was the editor in chief of the Namn & nytt department of the paper. Ribbing was a "Sommarpratare" (Summer Presenter) on the Sveriges Radio show Sommar i P1 twice, on 13 June 1994 and 21 June 2000.

On 29 September 2017, Ribbing died after a fall in her home in Stockholm at the age of 77.

Deaths in October 2017

The following is a list of notable deaths in October 2017. For notable deaths before the current month, please see "Previous months". Names under each date are reported in alphabetical order by last name or pseudonym. Deaths of non-humans are reported here also if notable.



































Joe Tiller

Joseph Henry "Joe" Tiller (December 7, 1942 – September 30, 2017) was an American football player and coach. He was born in Toledo, Ohio. 

Tiller served as the head football coach at the University of Wyoming from 1991 to 1996 and Purdue University from 1997 to 2008, having a career college football record of 126–92–1. Tiller was known as one of the innovators of the spread offense. He played for the Calgary Stampeders and for the Montana State Bobcats.

Tiller died on September 30, 2017 in Buffalo, Wyoming at the age of 74.


Lüen

Lüen was a municipality of the district of Plessur in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2013, the former municipalities of Lüen, Calfreisen, Castiel, Langwies, Molinis, Peist and St. Peter-Pagig merged into the municipality of Arosa.

Kirchberg, Haut-Rhin

Kirchberg is a commune. It is in the Haut-Rhin department of eastern France.

Waylon Smithers

Waylon J Smithers Jr, but usually referred to simply as Mr. Smithers or simply Smithers, is a character in the animated television series "The Simpsons". He is voiced by Harry Shearer and made his first appeared in the episode "Homer's Odyssey", although his voice could be heard in the series premiere "Simpsons Roasting on an Open Fire". He is the consummate executive and personal assistant of Springfield Nuclear Power Plant's owner Mr. Burns.

Jennifer Lee

Jennifer Michelle Lee (born 1971) is an American movie director and a screenwriter. She is best-known for being the writer and director of the 2013 animated movie "Frozen"; she got an Academy Award for Best Animated Feature for this movie. She also co-wrote the 2012 movie "Wreck-It Ralph". 

Lee was born near Providence, Rhode Island as Jennifer Michelle Rebecchi. In 2019, he began a domestic partnership with actor Alfred Molina. They were married in 2021.

Arrondissements of the Haute-Savoie department

There are 4 arrondissements in the Haute-Savoie department. The French departments, and in other countries, are divided into "arrondissements", which may be translated into English as districts (in some cases, as boroughs). The capital of an arrondissement is called a subprefecture.

If the prefecture (capital) of the department is in an arrondissement, that prefecture is the capital of the arrondissement, acting both as a prefecture and as a subprefecture.

Arrondissements are further divided into communes.

The arrondissements of the Haute-Savoie are:

Since its creation in 1860, the Haute-Savoie department has had few changes:


Arrondissement of Annecy

The arrondissement of Annecy is an arrondissement of France. It is part of the Haute-Savoie "département", Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region. Its capital, and the prefecture of the department, is the city of Annecy.

When the Haute-Savoie department was created in 1860, the "arrondissement" of Annecy was part of that original department.

The "arrondissement" of Annecy is bordered to the northwest by the "arrondissement" of Saint-Julien-en-Genevois, to the northeast by the "arrondissement" of Bonneville, and to the south by the Savoie department.

It is the most southern "arrondissement" of the department and is the second largest "arrondissement" with an area of , but the first in population, with 276,382 inhabitants and a density of inhabitants/km².

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

In the "arrondissement" of Annecy, there are 7 cantons:
The "arrondissement" of Annecy has 80 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes):
The "communes" with more inhabitants in the "arrondissement" are:


Bean (disambiguation)

A bean is a large seed of several plants in the family "Fabaceae", including the seed of the common bean.

Bean or beans may also refer to:



French Tech

French Tech is a French label awarded to metropolitan centers recognized for their ecosystem of startups, as well as a common brand that can be used by French innovative companies.

The French Tech aims in particular to give a strong visual identity to the French startups, as well as to encourage exchanges between them.

This label was created in 2013 by the French government.


Exotic atom

An exotic atom is an atom that has a particle replaced by a particle of the same charge. For example, Positronium, an exotic atom, contains an electron and a positron. The positron (which is the antiparticle of the electron) replaces a proton which would normally be found in that atom. Most exotic atoms are hard to discover, because they decay very quickly. Positronium on average has a half-life (how long until half of the object is gone via decay) of 0.125 nanoseconds. There are a few types of exotic atom.

A muonic atom is an exotic atom that has a muon, instead of an electron, orbiting the nucleus. Because a muon is much more massive than an electron, the muon orbits much closer to the nucleus.

A hadronic atom is an exotic atom that has an electron replaced by a negatively charged hadron. The hadron could be a meson (such as a pion or a kaon, creating a pionic atom or a kaonic atom, respectively). Another hadronic atom is an antiproton (antiparticle of the proton) atom, that has an antiproton replacing an electron. This is known as an antiprotonic atom.

An onium is an exotic atom that has a particle bound to its antiparticle. A good example is Positronium, which is an electron bound to a positron.

A hypernuclear atom is an exotic atom that contains strange particles (a particle that is made of a strange quark) called hyperons.


Plum pudding model

The plum pudding model is an early 20th century model of an atom. It was later found to be wrong. It was proposed by J.J. Thomson in 1904, after the electron had been discovered, but before the atomic nuclei was discovered. Scientists knew that there was a positive charge in the atom that balanced out the negative charges of the electrons, making the atom neutral, but they didn't know where the positive charge was coming from. Thomson's model showed an atom that had a positively charged medium, or space, with negatively charged electrons inside the medium. Soon after its proposal, the model was called a "plum pudding" model because the positive medium was like a pudding, with electrons, or plums, inside. 

In 1909, not long after Thomson's model was proposed, Hans Geiger and Ernest Marsden made an experiment with thin sheets of gold, to test Thomson's model. Their professor, Ernest Rutherford, expected the results to prove Thomson correct, but their results were very different to what they were expecting. In 1911, Rutherford discovered that the positive charges come from tiny particles called protons, and that the protons were in a tiny center called the nucleus, and that the electrons were orbiting around the nucleus.

Rutherford's model was quite simple, but it was later disproved because electrons have charge, and they should be attracted to the positively charged nucleus. In 1913, Niels Bohr added 'energy levels' to the atomic model. Electrons don't fall into the nucleus because they are contained in energy levels, and to change to higher energy levels extra energy is needed, and to change to lower energy levels a release of energy is needed. It is not possible to change energy states without changing the energy of the electron. If an electron gets hit by a photon (a particle that carries electromagnetic radiation) it will gain extra energy and go into a higher energy level (it changes states), then it will jump back down to a lower energy level, releasing its contained energy. This new model was called the Bohr model or the Rutherford-Bohr model. This added a whole new branch of science: Quantum physics.

In 1926 Erwin Schrödinger used the idea that electrons acted as a wave, as well as a particle, this is known as a wave-particle duality. This added a whole new layer to the atomic model and quantum physics. With a particle, you can know where it is in space if you observe (look) at it. But with a wave, it is all over the place, so you can't define where exactly it is. This is known as quantum uncertainty. With an electron, you can only know the probability of it being in a place, because it is a wave as well as a particle. 


World Nuclear Association

The World Nuclear Association is an organisation that tries to educate people about nuclear energy, and helps companies that are in the nuclear industry.

Weetzen

Weetzen is a village in the town of Ronnenberg in Lower Saxony, Germany. In 2011, about 2000 people lived there.

Arrondissement of Bonneville

The arrondissement of Bonneville is an arrondissement of France. It is part of the Haute-Savoie "département", Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region. Its capital, and a subprefecture of the department, is the city of Bonneville.

When the Haute-Savoie department was created in 1860, the "arrondissement" of Bonneville was part of that original department.

The "arrondissement" of Bonneville is bordered to the north by the "arrondissement" of Thonon-les-Bains, to the east by Switzerland, to the southeast by Italy, to the south by the Savoie department, to the southwest by the "arrondissement" of Annecy and to the west by the "arrondissement" of Saint-Julien-en-Genevois.

It is the most eastern "arrondissement" of the department and is the largest "arrondissement" with an area of , and the second in population, with 184,093 inhabitants and a density of inhabitants/km².

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

In the "arrondissement" of Bonneville, there are 7 cantons:
The "arrondissement" of Bonneville has 61 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes):
The "communes" with more inhabitants in the "arrondissement" are:


Arrondissement of Saint-Julien-en-Genevois

The arrondissement of Saint-Julien-en-Genevois is an arrondissement of France. It is part of the Haute-Savoie "département", Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region. Its capital, and a subprefecture of the department, is the city of Saint-Julien-en-Genevois.

When the Haute-Savoie department was created in 1860, the "arrondissement" of Saint-Julien-en-Genevois was part of that original department.

On 10 September 1926, the "arrondissement" of Saint-Julien was eliminated but became again an arrondissement in 1933.

The "arrondissement" of Saint-Julien-en-Genevois is bordered to the north by Switzerland, to the northeast by the "arrondissement" of Thonon-les-Bains, to the east by the "arrondissement" of Bonneville, to the south by the "arrondissement" of Annecy and to the west by the Ain department.

It is in the northwest of the department and is the smallest "arrondissement" with an area of . It has a population of 180,562 inhabitants and a density of inhabitants/km².

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

In the "arrondissement" of Saint-Julien-en-Genevois, there are 5 cantons:
The "arrondissement" of Saint-Julien-en-Genevois has 72 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes):
The "communes" with more inhabitants in the "arrondissement" are:


Catherine Hardy Lavender

Catherine Hardy Lavender (née Catherine Hardy) (February 8, 1930 – September 8, 2017) was an American athlete.

Lavender competed mainly in the 100-meter dash. She won an Olympic gold medal in the 4 × 100 metres relay at the 1952 Olympic Summer Games in Helsinki, Finland. Later Hardy married, had children, and a 30-year teaching career in Atlanta schools. She was born in Carroll County, Georgia.

Lavender died of complications from pneumonia in Atlanta, Georgia at the age of 87 on September 8, 2017.


Knœringue

Knœringue is a commune. It is found in the Haut-Rhin department of eastern France.

James Madison Lee

James Madison Lee (October 15, 1926 – September 11, 2017) was a lieutenant general in the United States Army. He served as commander of United States Army Pacific (Western Command) from 1983 until his retirement in 1985. Lee also served in the Vietnam War and Korean War, commanding infantry in each. He was born in Wilmington, North Carolina. He retired in 1985.

Lee died of complications from dementia on September 11, 2017 in Wilmington at the age of 90.

Rinse Zijlstra

Rinse Zijlstra (19 April 1927 – 26 September 2017) was a Dutch politician. He was born in Oosterbierum. His older borther was former prime minister Jelle Zijlstra. 

Zijlstra served in the House of Representatives from 1967 to 1973 as a member of the Anti-Revolutionary Party. Between 1975 and 1981, Zijlstra was mayor of Smallingerland. He was elected to the Senate between 1983 and 1995, representing the Christian Democratic Appeal, which had absorbed the Anti-Revolutionary Party in 1980.

Zijlstra died in Beetsterzwaag of complications from Alzheimer's disease on 26 September 2017, aged 90.

Andreas Schmidt

Andreas M. Schmidt (23 November 1963 – 28 September 2017) was a German actor and theatre director. He was born in Finnentrop, West Germany. His first acting role was in the 1987 movie "Peng! Du bist tot!". Schmidt was nominated three times at the Deutscher Filmpreis, winning once in 2009.

Schmidt was known for his roles in "Sommer vorm Balkon" (2005), "The Counterfeiters" (2007), "The Moon and Other Lovers" (2008) and "Henri 4" (2010).

Schmidt died on 28 September 2017 in Berlin of cancer at the age of 53.

Frank Hamblen

Frank Alan Hamblen, II (April 16, 1947 – September 30, 2017) was an American basketball coach and scout. He played college basketball at Syracuse. He was born in Terre Haute, Indiana. He was known for being the assistant coach of the Denver Rockets and for the Milwaukee Bucks. He was also the interim coach for the Los Angeles Lakers.

Hamblen died on September 30, 2017 of cardiac arrest in San Diego, California at the age of 70.


Jean-Marie Lehn

Jean-Marie Lehn (born September 30, 1939) is a French chemist. He received the 1987 Nobel Prize in Chemistry together with Donald James Cram and Charles J. Pedersen. He specializes in organic chemistry.

He was born in Rosheim, France.


Arrondissement of Thonon-les-Bains

The arrondissement of Thonon-les-Bains is an arrondissement of France. It is part of the Haute-Savoie "département", Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region. Its capital, and a subprefecture of the department, is the city of Thonon-les-Bains.

When the Haute-Savoie department was created in 1860, the "arrondissement" of Thonon-les-Bains was part of that original department.

The "arrondissement" of Thonon-les-Bains is bordered to the west, north and east by Switzerland, to the south by the "arrondissement" of Bonneville and to the southwest by the "arrondissement" of Saint-Julien-en-Genevois.

It is most northern of the "arrondissements" of the department and is the second smallest "arrondissement" with an area of , but it is the one with fewest people living in it, with 142,090 inhabitants and a density of inhabitants/km².

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

In the "arrondissement" of Thonon-les-Bains, there are only 3 cantons:


The "arrondissement" of Thonon-les-Bains has 68 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes):
The "communes" with more inhabitants in the "arrondissement" are:


Barney Gumble

Barnard "Barney" Gumble is a fictional character in the animated television series "The Simpsons". Dan Castellaneta is the voice actor for him. He was first seen in the first episode of the show ("Simpsons Roasting on an Open Fire"). He is Homer Simpson's best friend. He is very drunk, but he became sober in the episode "Days of Wine and D'oh'ses".

Transcaucasian SFSR

The Transcaucasian SFSR was a Soviet republic consisting of modern Georgia, Armenia, and Azerbaijan with its capital in Tbilisi. It lasted from 1922 to 1936. The Socialist Soviet Republic of Abkhazia was also a part of the Transcaucasian SFSR, while it exiusted (1921 - 1931). After protests, Lavrenty Beria dispanded the republic in 1936. Armenia, Azerbaijan and Georgia again became independent republics (part of the Soviet Union). The Abchasian SFSR had been merged into Georgia earlier.

Dry toilet

A dry toilet is for depositing human excrement without using water, very different from flush toilets that use water. It may be for sitting or squatting. The urine may get mixed with the feces or be kept separate.

There are different types of dry toilets: composting toilet, urine-diverting dry toilet, Arborloo, container-based toilet, bucket toilet, pit latrine, incinerating toilet, or freezing toilet.

All of these types of dry toilets work without flush water and without connections to sewers or septic tanks:

Other dry toilets are being developed, some with funding from the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation.

There are four main reasons for using dry toilets:

Dry toilets can be very presentable and are used in developed countries (for example, Sweden, Finland, and Norway), where they are often found at summer houses and national parks. They are more common in developing countries in places where flush toilets are not possible or not desired. Sewers often cost too much where the land is rocky or irregular and where houses are far from one another.

Some people strongly believe that dry toilets are the best way deal with excrement, others argue that they cannot be done everywhere, and others simply do not want to change their habits. Dry toilets reduce water consumption and pollution, recover valuable nutrients for agriculture, and (when managed properly) eliminate diseases and chemicals efficiently. 

It has been difficult to install and manage many dry toilets in cities (for example, in the Erdos Eco-City of the Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region of China). Designs need to be fine-tuned and carefully constructed and managed. The users also need to learn about the benefits of dry toilets and how to properly use them.

Nearly all toilets were dry toilets, and excrement was valued in agriculture, until flush toilets were invented.

In Britain, dry toilets were still used in some areas (including cities) until the 1940s. It seems that these were often emptied directly onto gardens, where the excreta was used as fertiliser. Sewer systems did not come to some rural areas in Britain until the 1950s or later.

Brisbane, Australia, was largely unsewered until the early 1970s, with many suburbs having dry toilets (called "dunnies") behind each house.



Lumbrein

Lumbrein was a municipality of the district Surselva in the canton of Lucerne in Switzerland. The municipalities of Cumbel, Degen, Lumbrein, Morissen, Suraua, Vignogn, Vella, and Vrin merged on 1 January 2013, into the new municipality of Lumnezia.


Karl Ravens

Karl Ravens (June 29, 1927 – September 8, 2017) was a German politician.

Ravens was a member of the Social Democratic Party of Germany (SPD). He served as the Federal Minister of Regional Planning, Construction and Urban Development for West Germany from 1974 to 1978. 

He was also a member of the synod of the Evangelical Church in Germany from 1979 to 1981.

Ravens was born in Achim, Lower Saxony, and died in Hanover, at the age of 90.

Hansje Bunschoten

Hansje Bunschoten (3 May 1958 – 1 October 2017) was a freestyle swimmer and television presenter from the Netherlands. She competed for her native country at the 1972 Summer Olympics in Munich, West Germany. As a member of the Dutch Relay Teams she finished in fifth place, both in the 4 × 100 m medley and the 4 × 100 m freestyle.

Bunschoten was born in Hilversum and died of complications from breast cancer in Berlin on 1 October 2017 at the age of 59.

Edmond Maire

Edmond Maire (24 January 1931 – 1 October 2017) was a French labor union leader. He was the secretary general of the French Democratic Confederation of Labour from 1971 to 1988. He was dismissive of strike actions and supported a more equal division of labour.

Maire died on 1 October 2017 in Paris at the age of 86.

Plant community

A plant community (sometimes "photosynthesis" or "photosynthesis") is a collection or association of plant species within a designated geographical unit, which forms a relatively uniform patch, distinguishable from neighboring patches of different vegetation types.

Larissa Volpert

Larisa Ilinichna Volpert (30 March 1926 – 1 October 2017 ) was a Soviet-Russian chess Woman Grandmaster and Soviet-Russian-Estonian philologist of Jewish descent.

She was three times Soviet women's chess champion (1954, 1958, and 1959). She earned the Woman International Master title in 1954 and the Woman Grandmaster title in 1977.

Volpert was born in Leningrad and died in Tallinn, Estonia at the age of 91.

Robert Elsie

Robert Elsie (June 29, 1950 – October 2, 2017) was a Canadian scholar who specialized in Albanian literature and folklore. He was born in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada. He was known for his works "Albanian Literature : A Short History" and "The Highland Lute (Lahuta e Malcís): The Albanian National Epic". As a translator, Elsie offered the reader “a selection of songs from the best known cycle of Albanian epic verse”.

Elsie died of complications from ALS in Bonn, Germany on October 2, 2017 at the age of 67.


Arthur Janov

Arthur "Art" Janov (; (August 21, 1924 – October 1, 2017) was an American psychologist, psychotherapist, and the creator of primal therapy, a treatment for mental illness that involves repeatedly descending into, feeling, and experiencing long-repressed childhood pain. He was born in Los Angeles, California. 

Janov directed a psychotherapy institute called the Primal Center in Santa Monica, California. Janov was the author of many books, most notably "The Primal Scream" (1970).

Janov died in his sleep of respiratory arrest after suffering a stroke at his home in Malibu, California on October 1, 2017 at the age of 93.


Julie Payette

Julie Payette (born October 20, 1963) is a Canadian businesswoman, former astronaut, engineer, and was the 29th Governor General of Canada.

Payette has completed two spaceflights, STS-96 and STS-127, logging more than 25 days in space. She served as chief astronaut for the Canadian Space Agency (CSA), and has served as capsule communicator at NASA Mission Control Center in Houston.

She resigned on January 21, 2020. She was the first Governor General to leave office due to scandal.

University of Texas tower shooting

The University of Texas tower shooting was a school shooting in the United States. It happened on August 1, 1966. It took place in Austin, Texas at University of Texas at Austin.

Sixteen people were killed in the incident. A 17th victim succumbed to his injuries in 2001.

Charles Whitman was the mass murderer. It has been suggested that Whitman's violent impulses, with which he struggled for years, were caused by a tumor on his brain. Whitman had killed his wife and his mother hours earlier.

After the shootings, the observation deck was closed. The many bullet holes were repaired. The tower was closed again in 1975 after four suicides. It reopened in 1999 after security features were put up.

2017 Las Vegas shooting

On the night of October 1, 2017, Stephen Paddock fired hundreds of bullets from his hotel room on the 32nd floor of the Mandalay Bay Hotel on the Las Vegas Strip in Paradise, Nevada, United States at a group of concert-goers across the road at the Route 91 Harvest music festival with and AR-15. From his 32nd floor balcony, Paddock fired over 1000 bullets into the festival. He killed 60 people and wounded 411 before committing suicide. The panic meant that the total injured increased to 867. It is the deadliest mass shooting in the history of the United States.

Paddock also thought about attacking other events before Las Vegas. He had researched events in Boston since at least May 2017, and had reserved a room near the August 2017 Lollapalooza festival in Chicago, but did not use it.

After Paddock used a hammer to break two of the windows in both of his suites at the Mandalay Bay, he began shooting through them at 10:05p.m. He ultimately fired over 1,000 rifle rounds approximately into the festival audience. He started out with a few single gunshots before firing in bursts that usually ranged from 80 rounds to 100 rounds. Many people in the crowd thought the gunfire was fireworks. During the shooting, a security fence stopped people from escaping the 15-acre concrete lot. The gunfire continued, with some short pauses, over the span of ten minutes and ended by 10:15p.m. During these pauses (during reload and while the assailant was confronting Campos), most people at the concert were able to escape the venue.

In addition to shooting at the concertgoers, Paddock fired eight bullets at a large jet fuel tank at Harry Reid International Airport away.

At 10:12p.m., two officers on the 31st floor reported the sounds of gunfire on the floor above them.

Between 10:26 p.m. and 10:30p.m., eight additional officers arrived at the 32nd floor. At 10:55p.m., the officers finished evacuating guests. At 11:20p.m., police breached Room 32–135 with explosives. Paddock was found dead on the floor from a self-inflicted gunshot wound to the head. At 11:27p.m., officers announced over the police radio that a suspect was down.

The shooter was identified as 64-year-old Stephen Craig Paddock, who lived in Mesquite, Nevada. Police, relatives and neighbors described him as a gambler. When police arrived at his hotel room, Paddock was found dead there; he had killed himself with a self-inflicted gunshot wound. His motive for the shooting is unknown and has not been discovered by investigators.

President Donald Trump posted on Twitter of his "warmest condolences and sympathies to the victims and families of the terrible Las Vegas shooting". In a public meeting with the press the next morning, he said the shooting was an "act of pure evil", a "senseless murder" and a "terrible, terrible attack". He praised the "miraculous" quick action of first responders. Later, he met with the victims on October 4, along with their relatives and police.

St James's Park

St James's Park is one of the oldest parks in the City of Westminster in London. It is large and is surrounded by buildings including two palaces: Buckingham Palace, Green Park, Queen's Gardens, the Victoria Memorial, Horse Guards, Birdcage Walk. It opens every day and welcomes more than five million visitors per year. In the park there is a small lake called St James's Park Lake with two islands: West Island and Duck Island (a duck reserve).

Stephen Paddock

Stephen Craig Paddock (April 9, 1953 – October 1, 2017) was an American mass murderer.

Paddock killed 60 and injured 489 people during a country music festival on the Las Vegas Strip in Paradise, Nevada on October 1, 2017. After being discovered by the police in Mandalay Bay resort, he committed suicide by shooting himself.

According to police, Paddock acted alone. His motive remains unknown. There has been some discussion around brain pathology.

He was born in Clinton, Iowa and grew up in Tucson, Arizona and Sun Valley, Los Angeles. He lived in Mesquite, Nevada, and was a retired accountant.

His father Benjamin Hoskins Paddock (1926–1998) was a bank robber.


Paul Modrich

Paul Lawrence Modrich (born June 13, 1946) is an American biochemist. He is known for his research on DNA mismatch repair. He received the Nobel Prize in Chemistry 2015, together with Aziz Sancar and Tomas Lindahl.

He was born on June 13, 1946, in Raton, New Mexico to Laurence and Margaret Modrich. He has a younger brother Dave. His father was a biology teacher and coach for basketball, football and tennis at Raton High School where he graduated in 1964.

He works primarily on strand-directed mismatch repair. His lab demonstrated how DNA mismatch repair serves as a copyeditor to prevent errors from DNA polymerase. Matthew Meselson previously proposed the existence of recognition of mismatches. Modrich performed biochemical experiments to study mismatch repair in "E. coli". They later searched for proteins associated with mismatch repair in humans.

Reich President

The Reich President (German: "Reichspräsident") was the president (head of state) of the German Reich during the Weimar Republic (1919-1933) and Nazi Germany (1933-1945).

The Reich President was the successor of the German emperor. He had more power than the current Federal President ("Bundespräsident").

The Reich President was elected for a seven-year term by the German people, and could be re-elected. He was the head of the army, appointed and relieved the Reich Chancellor ("Reichskanzler"), and could also send away the Reichstag.

The Reich President was supposed to exercise the legislative power with the Reichstag but due to the instable situation of the Weimar Republic, he was often bypassing the Reichstag by using special legislation. This was the case during the early years of the Reich Presidency and especially in the early 1930s. During the Hitler period the Reichstag was just show.

Weimar Republic:

Nazi Germany:


Renens

Renens is a municipality of the district Ouest lausannois in the Swiss canton of Vaud.

It is a suburb of the city of Lausanne.


Birsfelden

Birsfelden (Swiss German: "Birsfälde") is a municipality in Arlesheim in the canton of Basel-Landschaft in Switzerland.


Obersaxen Mundaun

Obersaxen Mundaun is a new municipality of the district of Surselva in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2016, the former municipalities of Mundaun and Obersaxen merged into the new municipality of Obersaxen Mundaun.


BuzzFeed

BuzzFeed is an internet media company based in New York City. It has offices around the world. BuzzFeed was founded in 2006 by Jonah Peretti and John S. Johnson III.


Obersaxen

Obersaxen () was a municipality of the district of Surselva in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2016, the former municipalities of Obersaxen and Mundaun merged into the new municipality of Obersaxen Mundaun.

Platenga, Affeier, Egga, Misanenga, Miraniga, Meierhof, Giraniga, St. Joseph, Tschappina and St. Martin.


Illtal

Illtal is a new commune in the Haut-Rhin department of eastern France. It was incorporated on 1 January 2016 by the combination of the former communes of Grentzingen, Henflingen and Oberdorf.

Oberdorf, Haut-Rhin

Oberdorf is a former commune. It is found in the Haut-Rhin department of eastern France. On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the new commune of Illtal.

Kœstlach

Kœstlach is a commune. It is found in the Haut-Rhin department of eastern France.

Tokenism

Tokenism is the term used to describe the act of putting a person of a minority group (called a "token character") into something for the sole purpose of trying to be seen as inclusive to that minority group. This is often done only to avoid controversy, with little or no effort being put in to give said person a role other than being there to represent a minority. A "token character" is normally a woman or person of color, while other common examples include people with disabilities, different religions, different body types, or different political stances. Stereotypes are commonly used to portray token characters. 

Chuck Low

Charles Lewis "Chuck" Low (July 21, 1928 – September 18, 2017) was an American actor. He was born in New York City, New York. He was known for his role as Morris "Morrie" Kessler in the Martin Scorsese movie "Goodfellas" (1990). He has had small roles in other Robert De Niro movies, such as "The Mission", "The King of Comedy", and most notably in Sergio Leone's 1984 movie "Once Upon a Time in America".

Low died on September 18, 2017 in Allendale, New Jersey at the age of 89.


Eisleben

Eisleben is a town in Saxony-Anhalt, Germany. It is famous as the hometown of Martin Luther; because of this, its official name is Lutherstadt Eisleben. In 2015, Eisleben had a population of 24,198.

Eisleben has two parts old town and new town (Altstadt and Neustadt). The new town was created for Eisleben's miners in the 14th century.

Eisleben was the capital of the district of Mansfelder Land and is the seat of the "Verwaltungsgemeinschaft" ("collective municipality") Lutherstadt Eisleben.

Eisleben was first written about in 997 as a market called Islebia, and in 1180 as a town. The counts of Mansfeld governed the area until the 18th century. In 1780, Eisleben came directly under the Electorate of Saxony. After the Napoleonic Wars, Eisleben became part of the Kingdom of Prussia. The Prussian Province of Saxony became part of the Free State of Prussia in the German Reich after World War I. After World War II, Eisleben became part of the new state of Saxony-Anhalt in the German Democratic Republic (GDR) until Germany's reuinification in 1990.

In 1229, the Counts of Mansfield started a convent for women. At first, it was on the grounds of their castle. Then they built a separate convent at Helfta near Eisleben, which opened in 1258. It was governed under either the Benedictine or Cistercian model. It became known for its powerful and mystical abbesses, including Gertrude of Hackeborn, Gertrude the Great and Mechtild. However, Duke Albrecht of Brunswick destroyed the convent in 1342. It was rebuilt the next year. It closed in 1524, but later reopened on a smaller scale until 1542

In 1542, it came under the control of local farmers. In 1712 it became a farm run by the Prussian state. In 1994, the Catholic Diocese of Magdeburg bought the property and began restoring the building. Cistercian nuns from Seligenthal in Bavaria moved in starting in approximately 1999.

The Protestant reformer Martin Luther was born in Eisleben on November 10, 1483. His father, Hans Luther, was a miner. Luther's family moved to Mansfeld when he was only a year old; he lived in Wittenberg most of his life. Luther preached his last sermon and died in Eisleben in 1546.

Eisleben started preserving its Luther memorials in 1689.

In 1997, Eisleben's "Birth House" and "Death House" were added to the World Heritage List. Also, Luther was baptised in Eisleben's St. Peter and Paul Church. He preached his last sermons at St. Andreas Church.

The population has been declining since the mid-1960s due to declining birth rates and people moving away. The municipal area has been enlarged several times by merging with neighboring districts.



Philippe Rahmy

Philippe Rahmy (5 June 1965 – 1 October 2017) was a Swiss poet and writer. He was born in Geneva, Switzerland. He was a founding member of the prominent French literary site remue.net which focused on promoting contemporary literature over the Internet and through live events. He also worked as a photographer and as a director of award-winning independent short movies.

In 2017, he won the Swiss Literature Award.

Rahmy died of complications from brittle bone disease in Geneva on 1 October 2017 at the age of 52.


Spanish Fighting Bull

The Spanish Fighting Bull (Toro Bravo, "toro de lidia", "toro lidiado", "ganado bravo", "Touro de Lide") is an Iberian heterogeneous cattle population. 

It is primarily bred free-range on extensive estates in Spain, Portugal, France and Latin American countries where bull fighting is organized. Fighting bulls are selected primarily for a certain combination of aggression, energy, strength, and stamina.

Victorino Martín

Victorino Martín Andrés (6 March 1929 – 3 October 2017) was a Spanish Fighting Bull cattle rancher. He was born in Madrid, Spain. In 2011, he received the Order of the Second of May, a high honor in Spain. He was known for breeding many Fighting Bulls which were later used for bullfighting in venues in Spain and France.

Martín died at his home in Portezuelo, Province of Cáceres, Spain of a stroke on 3 October 2017 at the age of 88.


Rodney Bickerstaffe

Rodney Kevan Bickerstaffe (6 April 1945 – 3 October 2017) was a British trade unionist. He served as President of the United Kingdom National Pensioners Convention. He was leader of Britain's largest trade union, UNISON until 2001. He was born in Hammersmith, London, England.

Bickerstaffe died in London on 3 October 2017 at the age of 72.


Evangelina Elizondo

Evangelina Elizondo (28 April 1929 – October 2, 2017) was a Mexican actress, writer, painter and singer. She was born in Mexico City. She was known for her roles in "Frontera Norte", "El Castillo de los Monstrous", and in "A Walk in the Clouds". She was also a singer known for "La sensacional Evangelina" and writer who wrote "Pensamiento abierto".

Elizondo died in Mexico City on October 2, 2017 at the age of 88.


Astigmatism

Astigmatism is defined as the eye creating two images instead of one image on the retina. This happens when the power of the eye isn't the same in all directions, often because the front of the eye (the cornea) is shaped more like the back of a spoon than a perfect sphere. Astigmatism does not affect the health of the eye, and eyes with astigmatism can be perfectly healthy.

The result is that objects look blurry, but how much blur is different in different directions, which is why people with astigmatism often have trouble reading some letters but not others. It can also cause headaches and eyestrain. In most cases it is easily fixed with glasses, contact lenses, or surgery.

Animal Jam (TV series)

Animal Jam is a beloved American children's puppet TV series that made its debut on the small screen on February 15, 2003, captivating the hearts of young viewers everywhere. This enchanting show was a collaborative masterpiece, brought to life through the combined efforts of industry giants like The Jim Henson Company, HiT Entertainment, and Discovery Kids.

From its very first episode, Animal Jam embarked on a remarkable journey, captivating young audiences with its imaginative storytelling and endearing puppet characters. Set against the backdrop of a vibrant and lively world, the show seamlessly blended entertainment with education, offering a unique and engaging experience for children.

Each episode of Animal Jam was a delightful exploration of the animal kingdom, where viewers were invited to join in on thrilling adventures, guided by a lovable cast of puppet characters. The captivating blend of puppetry, animation, and live-action segments created a visually captivating and educational experience, making it a cherished part of many children's television memories.

The show's partnership between The Jim Henson Company, known for its unparalleled expertise in puppetry and character design, HiT Entertainment's commitment to quality children's content, and the platform provided by Discovery Kids resulted in a series that left an indelible mark on the world of children's entertainment.

Animal Jam's legacy continues to endure, not only as a testament to the magic of puppetry and storytelling but also as a cherished piece of American television history, reminding us of the power of creativity and imagination in fostering learning and wonder in the hearts of children.

Solly Hemus

Solomon Joseph "Solly" Hemus (April 17, 1923 – October 2, 2017) was an American professional baseball infielder, manager, and coach in Major League Baseball (MLB). Hemus was one of a select group of major league players to hold a role as a player-manager. He was born in Phoenix, Arizona. He played and managed for the St. Louis Cardinals and briefly played for the Philadelphia Phillies.

Hemus died on October 2, 2017 in Houston, Texas at the age of 94.

Klaus Huber

Klaus Huber (30 November 1924 – 2 October 2017) was a Swiss composer and academic based in Basel and Freiburg. He became one of the leading figures of his generation in Europe, compared to Pierre Boulez and Karlheinz Stockhausen.

Among his students are Brian Ferneyhough, Younghi Pagh-Paan, Toshio Hosokawa, Wolfgang Rihm and Kaija Saariaho. He received the Ernst von Siemens Music Prize in 2009, among other awards.

Kim Un-yong

Kim Un-yong or Un Yong Kim (3 March 1931 – 2 October 2017) was a South Korean sports administrator, Vice-President of the International Olympic Committee, and founding member of the WTF executive board. Kim Un-yong was elected the president of the Korean Taekwondo Association on 23 January 1971. He was born in Daegu, South Korea.

Paul Otellini

Paul Stevens Otellini (October 12, 1950 – October 2, 2017) was an American businessman and onetime president and CEO of Intel. He was also on the board of directors of Google. He was born in San Francisco, California. On November 19, 2012, Otellini announced his intention to retire in May 2013.

Otellini died in his sleep on October 2, 2017 at his home in Santa Rosa, California at the age of 66.


Robert Yates

Robert Yates (April 19, 1943 – October 2, 2017) was an American NASCAR engine builder and former owner of the Sprint Cup Series team Yates Racing, owned since 2007 by his son Doug. He purchased the team from Harry Ranier in 1988, with driver Davey Allison. He was born in Charlotte, North Carolina.

Yates won the NASCAR Winston Cup champion (1999).

Yates died at the age of 74 on October 2, 2017 from liver cancer.


Fuad Masum

Muhammad Fuad Masum ( "Muḥammad Fūād Ma‘ṣūm"; Kurdish: , born 1 January 1938) was the seventh President of Iraq from 24 July 2014 through 2 October 2019.

Masum is a veteran Iraqi Kurdish politician and was elected as President following the 2014 parliamentary election. 

Masum is the second non-Arab president of Iraq, replacing Jalal Talabani, also Kurdish, and is a friend of Talabani.

Michel Jouvet

Michel Valentin Marcel Jouvet (16 November 1925 – 3 October 2017) was a French neurobiologist and oneirologist. He was Emeritus Professor of Experimental Medicine at the University of Lyon. He was born in Lons-le-Saunier, Jura, France. Jouvet was the researcher who first developed the analeptic drug Modafinil. He was elected in 1977 to the French Academy of Sciences. He developed the idea and term of REM sleep.

Jouvet died in Lyon, France on 3 October 2017 at the age of 91.

Oneirology

Oneirology (; from Greek "ὄνειρον", "oneiron", "dream"; and -"λογία", -"logia", "the study of") is the scientific study of dreams. 

Current research seeks connections between dreaming and current knowledge about how the brain works, as well as understanding of how the brain works during dreaming as pertains to memory formation and mental disorders. The study of Oneirology can mean from dream interpretation in that the aim is to quantitatively study the process of dreams instead of analyzing the meaning behind them.
Oneirology is about dreams and how they work. Most dreams happen in the REM [rapid eye movement] phase of their sleep. Dreams can have a good chance of coming true. Lucid dreaming is when the dreamer gains some control over their dream. The LDR Squad studies lucid dreams.


Mihaly Csikszentmihalyi

Mihaly Csikszentmihalyi (, , ; 29 September 1934 – 20 October 2021) was a Hungarian-American psychologist. He was known because of his work in the psychological concept of flow, a highly focused mental state. He was the Distinguished Professor of Psychology and Management at Claremont Graduate University. 

He was the head of the department of psychology at the University of Chicago and of the department of sociology and anthropology at Lake Forest College.

Csikszentmihalyi died on 20 October 2021 in Claremont, California from cardiac arrest at the age of 87.

Howard Gardner

Howard Earl Gardner (born July 11, 1943) is an American developmental psychologist and the John H. and Elisabeth A. Hobbs Professor of Cognition and Education at the Harvard Graduate School of Education at Harvard University. He is currently the senior director of Harvard Project Zero. Since 1995, he has been the co-director of The Good Project.

Gardner was born in Scranton, Pennsylvania. He studied at Harvard College. He is married to Ellen Winner. They have a son, Benjamin.

Gardner has written hundreds of research articles and thirty books that have been translated into more than thirty languages. He is best known for his theory of multiple intelligences, as outlined in his 1983 book "Frames of Mind: The Theory of Multiple Intelligences".


Wilhelm von Schoen

Wilhelm Eduard Freiherr von Schoen (June 3, 1851 in Worms – April 24, 1933 in Berchtesgaden) was a German diplomat and politician.

Von Schoen was ambassador in Saint Petersburg and Paris. He handed the declaration of war to the French in 1914.

From 1907 to 1910 he was Minister of Foreign Affairs.

Von Schoen wrote several non-fiction books, among others about World War I.

He died in the German Alps at the age of 81.


Theobald von Bethmann Hollweg

Theobald Theodor Friedrich Alfred von Bethmann Hollweg (November 29, 1856 in Hohenfinow (nowadays in Brandenburg) – January 1, 1921 in the same place) was a German independent politician. He was Reich Chancellor ("Reichskanzler") of the German Empire during the greatest part of World War I.

Von Bethmann Holweg studied law at the University of Strasbourg, Leipzig University and the Humboldt-University of Berlin. He started working in the civil service of Prussia in 1882. He became president of the Province of Brandenburg in 1899. He was twice Minister of the Interior: of Prussia from 1905 to 1907, and of the German Empire from 1907 to 1909. He was also Vice Chancellor of Germany from 1907 to 1909.

He became Reich Chancellor in July 1909, succeeding Bernhard von Bülow. Before the war he tried in vain to improve relations with the United Kingdom. During the war he unsuccessfully opposed the launching of the U-boat warfare without any restrictions in March 1917. Because of peace efforts of the Reichstag he resigned in July 1917, and was succeeded by Georg Michaelis.

After the war he wrote his memoirs. Von Bethmann Hollweg died of pneumonia at the age of 64.


Arrondissements of the Savoie department

There are 3 arrondissements in the Savoie department. The French departments, and in other countries, are divided into "arrondissements", which may be translated into English as districts (in some cases, as boroughs). The capital of an arrondissement is called a subprefecture.

If the prefecture (capital) of the department is in an arrondissement, that prefecture is the capital of the arrondissement, acting both as a prefecture and as a subprefecture.

Arrondissements are further divided into communes.

The arrondissements of the Savoie are:

Since its creation in 1860, the Savoie department has had few changes:


Carman, Manitoba

Carman is a town in the Pembina Valley Region of southern Manitoba. As of 2011 about 3,000 people lived there.

Michel Aoun

Michel Aoun (, ; born 18 February 1935) is a Lebanese politician. He is the 17th and current President of Lebanon. He was elected president on 31 October 2016 on the 46th electoral session of the Lebanese parliament, breaking a 29-month deadlock. He is a Maronite Christian and the founder of the Free Patriotic Movement.

Jesús Mosterín

Jesús Mosterín (1941 – 4 October 2017) was a Spanish philosopher and a thinker of broad spectrum, often at the frontier between science and philosophy. He was born in Bilbao, Spain. His works are based off Bertrand Russell’s "History of Western Philosophy", whose foreword he composed, Some of the books of the series are devoted, for example, to Archaic thought, Aristotle and the philosophy of India. 

Chittani Ramachandra Hegde

Chittani Ramachandra Hegde (1 January 1933 – 3 October 2017) was an Indian artist. He was one of the most popular Yakshagana artiste from Honnavara, Uttara Kannada, Karnataka (his birthplace). He was awarded with Padma Shri award in 2012. His career lasted until his death in 2017. Hegde was the first artist performing Yakshagana, to receive Padmashri award and he dedicated the award to "Yakshagana".

Hegde died of a stroke complicated by pneumonia at a hospital in Mumbai, India on 3 October 2017 at the age of 84.

Davoud Ahmadinejad

Davoud Ahmadinejad (13 March 1950 – 4 October 2017) was an Iranian politician and older brother of former Iranian president Mahmoud Ahmadinejad and Parvin Ahmadinejad. He was born in Aradan, Iran.

After the election of his brother as president in 2005, he was appointed as the head of the Presidential Inspection Commission.

In 2013, Ahmadinejad ran for President of Iran in the presidential election in 2013, but withdrew before the election was held. 

On 4 October 2017, Ahmadinejad died in Tehran of a heart attack at the age of 67.

Arrondissement of Albertville

The arrondissement of Albertville is an arrondissement of France. It is part of the Savoie "département", Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region. Its capital, and a subprefecture of the department, is the city of Albertville.

When the Savoie department was created in 1860, the "arrondissement" of Albertville was part of that original department.

The "arrondissement" of Albertville is bordered to the north by the Haute-Savoie department, to the east by Italy, to the south by the "arrondissement" of Saint-Jean-de-Maurienne and to the west by the "arrondissement" of Chambéry.

It is in the north of the department and is the largest "arrondissement" with an area of , and the second in population, with 111,839 inhabitants and a density of inhabitants/km².

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

In the "arrondissement" of Albertville, there are 5 cantons:
The "arrondissement" of Albertville has 74 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes):
The "communes" with more inhabitants in the "arrondissement" are:


Vanaheimr

In Norse mythology, Vanaheimr (Old Norse for "home of the Vanir") is one of the Nine Worlds and home of the Vanir. The Vanir are the gods of fertility, wisdom, and the ability to see the future.

Vanaheimr is described in the "Poetic Edda"; which was put together in the 13th century from earlier stories. The "Prose Edda" and "Heimskringla" were both written in the 13th century by Snorri Sturluson. In the "Poetic Edda" and the "Prose Edda", Vanaheimr is said to be the location where the Van god Njörðr was raised. In Norse cosmology, Vanaheimr is considered one of the Nine Worlds.

Álfheimr

Alfheim is a place in Norse mythology. It is the home of the Light Elves.

Bradford Bishop

William Bradford Bishop Jr. (born August 1, 1936) is a former United States Foreign Service officer. He has been a fugitive from justice since allegedly killing five members of his family in 1976. On April 10, 2014, the FBI placed him on the list of its Ten Most Wanted Fugitives.

His last posting, which began in 1974, was at State Department Headquarters in Washington, D.C. as an Assistant Chief in the Division of Special Activities and Commercial Treaties.

Bishop was born in Pasadena, California. He studied at UCLA and at Yale University.

In 1976, after getting upset for not getting a work promotion, Bishop bought a sledgehammer and a shovel and murdered his wife and three children as they slept at their home in Bethesda, Maryland. With the bodies loaded into the station wagon, Bishop allegedly drove , about a six-hour drive, to a densely wooded swamp off North Carolina Highway 94, about south of Columbia, North Carolina. He would later burn the bodies and bury them in near the swamp.

Bishop has been spotted several placed in Europe by former State Department employees in Italy, Stockholm and in Switzerland.

In 2011, it was believed that Bishop died in Hong Kong and later in France, these proved to be false. In 2014, the FBI exhumed the body of an Alabama man who was killed in a road accident in 1981, believing he was Bishop. After DNA of the man was tested it was revealed the dead man was not Bishop and that he remains alive.

Exhumation

Exhumation is the act of digging up, especially a corpse. This is most often done to relocate a body to a different burial spot. 

Families may make this decision to locate the deceased in a more pertinent or convenient place. In shared family burial sites (e.g. a married couple), if the previously deceased person has been buried for an insufficient period of time the second body may be buried elsewhere until it is safe to move it to the requested grave. 

In most jurisdictions a legal exhumation usually requires a court order or permission by the next of kin of the deceased. Also in many countries permits are required by some governing agency like the board of health in order to legally conduct a disinterment.

Arrondissement of Saint-Jean-de-Maurienne

The arrondissement of Saint-Jean-de-Maurienne is an arrondissement of France. It is part of the Savoie "département", Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region. Its capital, and a subprefecture of the department, is the city of Saint-Jean-de-Maurienne.

When the Savoie department was created in 1860, the "arrondissement" of Saint-Jean-de-Maurienne was part of that original department.

The "arrondissement" of Saint-Jean-de-Maurienne is bordered to the north by the "arrondissement" of Albertville, to the east by Italy, to the south by the Hautes-Alpes department, to the west by the Isère department and to the northwest by the "arrondissement" of Chambéry.

It is the most southern of the "arrondissements" of the department and is the second largest "arrondissement" with an area of , but the one with fewest people living in it with 43,438 inhabitants and a density of inhabitants/km².

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

In the "arrondissement" of Saint-Jean-de-Maurienne, there are only 3 cantons:


The "arrondissement" of Saint-Jean-de-Maurienne has 56 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes):
The "communes" with more inhabitants in the "arrondissement" are:


Arrondissement of Chambéry

The arrondissement of Chambéry is an arrondissement of France. It is part of the Savoie "département", Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region. Its capital, and the prefecture of the department, is the city of Chambéry.

When the Savoie department was created in 1860, the "arrondissement" of Chambéry was part of that original department.

The "arrondissement" of Chambéry is bordered to the north by the Haute-Savoie department, to the northeast by the "arrondissement" of Albertville, to the east by the "arrondissement" of Saint-Jean-de-Maurienne, to the south and southwest by the Isère department, and to the west and northwest by the Ain department.

It is the most western of the "arrondissements" of the department and the smallest "arrondissement" with an area of , but the one with more people living in it with 271,647 inhabitants and a density of inhabitants/km².

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

In the "arrondissement" of Chambéry there are 12 cantons:
The "arrondissement" of Chambéry has 155 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes):
The "communes" with more inhabitants in the "arrondissement" are:


Electron hole

An electron hole (often simply called a hole) is the absence or lack of an electron where an electron would normally be in an atom. Because electrons are negative and their charges are balanced by the positive protons, electron holes are positive in charge. Electron holes are not particles, they are classified as quasiparticles. Electron holes are different to positrons, which are the antiparticle to the electron. When electrons change energy levels, they leave an electron hole in their place. 


Exciton

An exciton is an electron bound to an electron hole. It is neutrally charged (because the negative charge of the electron is balanced by the positive charge of the electron hole) and is a quasiparticle.

Charles J. Pedersen

Charles John Pedersen (October 3, 1904 – October 26, 1989) was an American chemist. He received the 1987 Nobel Prize in Chemistry together with Donald James Cram and Jean-Marie Lehn. He specialized in organic chemistry.

Pedersen had a Norwegian father and a Japanese mother. He was born in Busan, Korea and died in Salem, New Jersey.


John R. Miller

John Ripin Miller (May 23, 1938 – October 4, 2017) was an American politician. He was born in New York City.

Miller was a member of the United States House of Representatives from 1985 to 1993. He represented the of Washington as a Republican. While in Congress he championed human rights in the Soviet Union, China and South Africa.

Miller served as the director, Office to Monitor and Combat Trafficking in Persons for the U.S. State Department, with the rank of Ambassador-at-Large from 2002 through 2006 during the George W. Bush administration.

Miller died of cancer on October 4, 2017 in Corte Madera, California at the age of 79.


Don J. Wright

Don J. Wright is an American physician and government official. He is the current acting United States Secretary of Health and Human Services. Wright was designated by Donald Trump after his predecessor, Tom Price, resigned on September 29, 2017.

From 2003 to 2007, Wright was Director of the Office of Occupational Medicine for the Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA). 

Wright was replaced by Eric Hargan as the new acting Health Secretary by President Trump on October 10, 2017.

Wright started at HHS in 2007, as Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary for Health. In 2009, he became Deputy Assistant Secretary for Health Care Quality, and in 2012, he was named Deputy Assistant Secretary for Health and Director of the Office of Disease Prevention and Health Promotion.


Cold as Ice (Foreigner song)

"Cold as Ice" is a 1977 pop rock song. The song is from music group Foreigner. The lyrics for the song speak of a man accusing a woman of spoiling an intimate relationship.

The song peaked at #6 on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot 100. 

American rapper Kanye West used a sample for his song "Cold". Rapper B.o.B sampled the chorus of the song for his song "Cold as Ice" in 2010.

A cover version was heard during a commercial for Wendy's in Super Bowl LI in 2017.

Earlsfield

Earlsfield is an area in the London Borough of Wandsworth, London, England.

Friedrich von Löffelholz

Friedrich von Löffelholz (7 March 1953 – 2 October 2017) was a German cyclist. He was born in Nuremberg, Germany. He competed in the team time trial event at the 1976 Summer Olympics.

Von Löffelholz died on October 2, 2017 at the age of 62.

Sevgein

Sevgein was a municipality of the district of Surselva in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland. On 1 January 2014, the former municipalities of Sevgein, Castrisch, Ilanz, Ladir, Luven, Pitasch, Riein, Ruschein, Schnaus, Duvin, Pigniu, Rueun and Siat merged into the new municipality of Ilanz/Glion.

North Delhi

North Delhi is an administrative district of the National Capital Territory of Delhi in India.

North Delhi is bounded by the Yamuna River on the east, and by the districts of North West Delhi to the north and west, West Delhi to the southwest, Central Delhi to the south, and North East Delhi to the east across the Yamuna.

Administratively, the district is divided into three subdivisions, Sadar Bazar, Kotwali, and Civil Lines.

According to the 2011 census North Delhi has a population of 883,418, roughly equal to the nation of Fiji or the US state of Delaware. This gives it a ranking of 468th in India (out of a total of 640). The district has a population density of . Its population growth rate over the decade 2001-2011 was 13.04%. North Delhi has a sex ratio of 871 females for every 1000 males, and a literacy rate of 86.81%.
North Delhi Is Dominated by jats they Have 70 villages in North Delhi

North West Delhi

North West Delhi is an administrative district of the National Capital Territory of Delhi in India.

According to the 2011 census North West Delhi has a population of 3,651,261, roughly equal to the nation of Liberia or the US state of Oklahoma. This gives it a ranking of 78th in India (out of a total of 640). The district has a population density of . Its population growth rate over the decade 2001-2011 was 27.63%. North West Delhi has a sex ratio of 862 females for every 1000 males, and a literacy rate of 84.66%.


West Delhi

West Delhi is an administrative district of the National Capital Territory of Delhi in India. It has an area of 129 km², with a population density of nearly 14,000 persons per km². Administratively, the district is divided into three subdivisions, Patel Nagar, Rajouri Garden, and Punjabi Bagh. Major residential and commercial areas of Delhi like Janakpuri and Tilak Nagar are located in West Delhi.

According to the 2011 census West Delhi has a population of 2,531,583, roughly equal to the nation of Kuwait or the US state of Nevada. This gives it a ranking of 169th in India (out of a total of 640). The district has a population density of . Its population growth rate over the decade 2001-2011 was 18.91%. West Delhi has a sex ratio of 876 females for every 1000 males, and a literacy rate of 87.12%.


Central Delhi

Central Delhi is an administrative district of the National Capital Territory of Delhi, India.

It is bounded by the Yamuna River on the east, and by the districts of North Delhi to the north, West Delhi and South West Delhi to the west, New Delhi to the south, and East Delhi to the east across the Yamuna..

It has a population of 644,005 (2001 census), and an area of , with a population density of 25,759 persons per km².

Central Delhi houses the central business district and highrises. It includes Shahjahanabad (Old Delhi) which served as capital of the Mughal Empire, and is home to the monuments like the Delhi Fort and the Jama Masjid, Delhi's principal mosque.

Administratively, the district is divided into two subdivisions, Darya Ganj, & Pahar Ganj.

According to the 2011 census Central Delhi has a population of 578,671, roughly equal to the nation of Solomon Islands or the US state of Wyoming. This gives it a ranking of 531st in India (out of a total of 640). The district has a population density of . Its population growth rate over the decade 2001-2011 was -10.48%. Central Delhi has a sex ratio of 892 females for every 1000 males, and a literacy rate of 85.25%.


South Delhi

South Delhi is an administrative district of the National Capital Territory of Delhi in India.

It is bounded by the Yamuna River to the east, the districts of New Delhi to the north, Faridabad District of Haryana state to the southeast, Gurgaon District of Haryana to the southwest, and South West Delhi to the west.

It has a population of 2,258,367 (2001 census), and an area of , with a population density of 9,034 persons per km² (23,397 persons per mi²).

Administratively, the district is divided into three subdivisions, Saket, Hauz Khas, and Mehrauli.

The division shown on the map for South Dehli is only administrative. For the common citizen, broadly speaking Delhi is vaguely ring-like, having five regions, namely North, West, South, East and Central. The usage of the term South Delhi in day-to-day life expands from Delhi's IGI Airport in the South West to the river Yamuna in the South East. This is a region going into the administrative South West Delhi district.

According to the 2011 census South Delhi has a population of 2,733,752, roughly equal to the nation of Jamaica or the US state of Nevada. This gives it a ranking of 144th in India (out of a total of 640). The district has a population density of . Its population growth rate over the decade 2001-2011 was 20.59%. South Delhi has a sex ratio of 859 females for every 1000 males, and a literacy rate of 87.03%.


South West Delhi district

South West Delhi is one of the eleven administrative districts of the National Capital Territory of Delhi,
India. The Subcity of Dwarka serves as the administrative headquarters of South West Delhi.

It is bounded by the districts of West Delhi to the north, Central Delhi to the northeast, New Delhi and South Delhi to the east, Gurgaon District of Haryana state to the south, and Jhajjar District of Haryana to the west. Rajbir Yadav from Chhawla Block Congress Committee is Alderman of South Delhi District of MCD.

It has a population of 2,292,363 (2011 census), and an area of 420 km², with a population density of 5,445 inhabitants per square kilometre. It is the fourth most populous district in Delhi.

Administratively, the district is divided into three subdivisions, Dwarka, Najafgarh and Kapas Hera.

According to the 2011 census South West Delhi has a population of 2,292,363 roughly equal to the nation of Latvia or the US state of New Mexico. This gives it a ranking of 198th in India (out of a total of 640). The district has a population density of . Its population growth rate over the decade 2001-2011 was 30.62%. South West Delhi has a sex ratio of 836 females for every 1000 males, and a literacy rate of 88.81%.


South East Delhi district

South East Delhi is a revenue district of Delhi, India. Defence Colony, Kalkaji and Sarita Vihar are part of this district.

This district is a part of South Delhi Lok Sabha constituency.

North East Delhi

North East Delhi is one of the eleven administrative districts of Delhi, India. The District was established in 1997.

North East Delhi borders Yamuna River on the west, Ghaziabad District to the north and east, East Delhi to the south, and North Delhi to the west across the Yamuna. This area is densely populated with very slow development as compared to other districts. No development took place here even during Commonwealth Games makeover of other districts of Delhi. For public transport people are totally dependent upon overloaded sharing Autos. Half of the roads are covered by street hawkers. Exits connecting this place districts (Shastri Park and Wazirabad) with other parts are fully choked in peak hours.

According to the 2011 census, North East Delhi had a population of 2,241,624, roughly equal to the nation of Latvia, or the United States state of New Mexico. This gives it a ranking of 202nd in India (out of a total of 640). The district has a population density of . Its population growth rate over the decade 2001-2011 was 26.78%. North East Delhi has a sex ratio of 886 females for every 1000 males, and a literacy rate of 83.09%.


East Delhi

East Delhi (a.k.a. Trans Yamuna) is an administrative district of the National Capital Territory of Delhi, India.

It is bounded by the Yamuna River on the west, North East Delhi to the north, Ghaziabad District of Uttar Pradesh state to the east, and Gautam Buddha Nagar District of Uttar Pradesh to the south.

It has a population of 1,448,770 (2001 census) and an area of 64 km², with a population density of 22,638 persons per km².

Administratively, the district is divided into three subdivisions: Gandhi Nagar, Preet Vihar, and Shahdara

According to the 2011 census East Delhi has a population of 1,707,725, roughly equal to the nation of The Gambia or the US state of Nebraska. This gives it a ranking of 284th in India (out of a total of 640). The district has a population density of . Its population growth rate over the decade 2001-2011 was 16.68%. East Delhi has a sex ratio of 883 females for every 1000 males, and a literacy rate of 88.75%.


Daman district, India

Daman district is one of the three districts of the union territory of Dadra and Nagar Haveli and Daman and Diu on the western coast of India. 

It is surrounded by Valsad District of Gujarat state on the north, east and south and the Persian Gulf to the west. The district has an area of , and a population of 191,173 at the 2011 census, an increase of 69.256% from the preceding 2001 Census.

Daman lies at the mouth of the Daman Ganga River. Major industries have units here. The closest railway station is Vapi (7 km). It is also famous for its beach, Portuguese colonial architecture, churches, and for the scenic beauty in the twin towns of Nani-Daman and Moti-Daman, which lie opposite each other across the Daman Ganga.

The district is infamous for having the least balanced sex ratio in the country. The chief occupation has been fishing. The city of Surat lies to the north, and Mumbai lies approximately 160 km (100 mi) south of Daman on the Arabian Sea coast in Maharashtra state.

According to the 2011 census Daman District, India has a population of 191,173, roughly equal to the nation of Samoa. This gives it a ranking of 592nd in India (out of a total of 640). The district has a population density of . Its population growth rate over the decade 2001-2011 was 69.256%. Daman has a sex ratio of 533 females for every 1,000 males, and a literacy rate of 88.06%.



Nicobar district

Nicobar district is one of three districts in the Indian Union Territory (UT) of Andaman and Nicobar Islands. The district's administrative territory consists of all of the Nicobar Islands, which are located in the Indian Ocean (Bay of Bengal, bordering with the Andaman Sea). The headquarters of the district is located on the island of Car Nicobar.

The district administration is headed by a Deputy Commissioner, who in turn reports into the Lieutenant Governor of the Andaman and Nicobar Islands.

It is the fifth least populous district in the country (out of 640).

According to the 2011 census Nicobar district has a population of 36844, roughly equal to the nation of Liechtenstein. This gives it a ranking of 636th in India (out of a total of 640). The district has a population density of . Its population growth rate over the decade 2001-2011 was -12.48%. Nicobars has a sex ratio of 778 females for every 1000 males, and a literacy rate of 77.5%.

The district is designated as an Integrated Tribal District, and is home to significant numbers of indigenous peoples (namely, the Nicobarese and the Shompen, classified as Scheduled Tribes according to the Constitution of India), who form the majority of the district's population. Because of its status as a tribal area, travel to the district is restricted to Indian nationals, and special permit restrictions apply.

The district was severely affected by the tsunami that was caused by the 2004 Indian Ocean earthquake, which led to many deaths and damaged infrastructure.


North and Middle Andaman district

North and Middle Andaman district is one of the 3 districts of the Indian Union Territory of Andaman and Nicobar Islands in the Bay of Bengal. Mayabunder town is the district headquarters. The area covered by this district is 3251.85 km.

According to the 2011 census North and Middle Andaman district has a population of 105,539, roughly equal to the nation of Tonga. This gives it a ranking of 614th in India (out of a total of 640). The district has a population density of . Its population growth rate over the decade 2001-2011 was -0.07%. North And Middle Andaman has a sex ratio of 925 females for every 1000 males, and a literacy rate of 84.25%.

The majority of the population of this district are Bengalis.


Johnson County, Wyoming

Johnson County is a county in the U.S. state of Wyoming. The population was 8,447 as of the 2020 census. The county seat is Buffalo. The only other incorporated town in the county is Kaycee.





South Andaman district

South Andaman district is one of the 3 districts of the Indian Union Territory of Andaman and Nicobar Islands in the Bay of Bengal. Port Blair town, the capital of the Union Territory is the district headquarters. The area covered by this district is 2980 km².

According to the 2011 census South Andaman district has a population of 237,586, roughly equal to the nation of Vanuatu. This gives it a ranking of 584th in India (out of a total of 640). The district has a population density of . Its population growth rate over the decade 2001-2011 was 13.97%. South Andaman has a sex ratio of 874 females for every 1000 males, and a literacy rate of 88.49%.

Four Andamanese indigenous peoples, namely, Onges, Jarawas, Great Andamanese and Sentinalese live in this district.


Teton County, Wyoming

Teton County is a county in the U.S. state of Wyoming. As of the 2020 census, 23,331 people lived there. Its county seat is Jackson.



North Sikkim district

North Sikkim is a district of the Indian state of Sikkim. The district headquarters is Mangan. It is the seventh least populous district in the country (out of 640).
The district is the largest of the four districts of Sikkim. Temperatures range from about 25° to below −40°. The cold temperatures are in the extreme high reaches where the altitude is in excess of 6,000 metres. Kanchenjanga is the highest peak at over 8,000 m. The mountain is on the western border with Nepal. It can be seen clearly from the town of Singhik.

Part of Khangchendzonga National Park is in the district.

Mangan is known as the Cardamom Capital of the world. The climate and terrain best suit the growing of the larger variety of Cardamom here. In 2006 the Ministry of Panchayati Raj named North Sikkim one of the country's 250 most backward districts (out of a total of 640). It is the only district in Sikkim currently receiving funds from the Backward Regions Grant Fund Programme (BRGF).

According to the 2011 census North Sikkim district has a population of 43,354, roughly equal to the nation of Liechtenstein. This gives it a ranking of 634th in India (out of a total of 640). The district has a population density of . Its population growth rate over the decade 2001–2011 was 5.66%. North Sikkim has a sex ratio of 769 females for every 1000 males, and a literacy rate of 77.39%.

South Sikkim district

South Sikkim is a district of the Indian state of Sikkim. The capital is Namchi.

South Sikkim lies at an altitude of 400 to 2000 metres and has a temperate climate for most of the year. Major urban centres include Namchi, Ravangla, Jorethang and Melli.

According to the 2011 census South Sikkim district has a population of 146,742, roughly equal to the nation of Saint Lucia. This gives it a ranking of 600th in India (out of a total of 640). The district has a population density of . Its population growth rate over the decade 2001-2011 was 11.57%. South Sikkim has a sex ratio of 914 females for every 1000 males, and a literacy rate of 82.06%.

South Sikkim is one of the least populated regions of the state. The people are mainly of Nepali descent. Other ethnic groups include the Lepcha and Bhutia communities. Nepali is the most widely spoken language in the district. The district was under the occupation of the Nepalese for 30 years in the eighteenth and nineteenth centuries.


West Sikkim district

West Sikkim is a district of the 
Indian state of Sikkim. The capital is Geyzing. It is also known as Gyalshing. The district is a favourite with trekkers due to the high elevations. Other important towns include Pelling and Yuksom.

According to the 2011 census West Sikkim district has a population of 136,299, roughly equal to the nation of Grenada. This gives it a ranking of 608th in India (out of a total of 640). The district has a population density of . Its population growth rate over the decade 2001-2011 was 10.58%. West Sikkim has a sex ratio of 941 females for every 1000 males, and a literacy rate of 78.69%.

The people are mainly of Limbu descent. Other ethnic groups include the Lepcha and Limbu, Bhutia communities. Nepali is the most widely spoken language in the district.


East Sikkim district

East Sikkim is one of the four administrative districts of the Indian state of Sikkim. Geographically, East Sikkim occupies the south-east corner of the state. The capital of East Sikkim is Gangtok, which is also the state capital. It is the hub of all administrative activity in the state.

The civilian region is administered by a district collector, appointed by the Union Government and the military area by a Major General. As of 2011 it is the most populous of the four districts of Sikkim.

According to the 2011 census East Sikkim district has a population of 281,293, roughly equal to the nation of Barbados. This gives it a ranking of 574th in India (out of a total of 640). The district has a population density of . Its population growth rate over the decade 2001-2011 was 14.79%. East Sikkim has a sex ratio of 872 females for every 1000 males, and a literacy rate of 84.67%.

People in East Sikkim are mostly of Nepali ethnicity, arriving in search of jobs after the British appropriated the state in the 19th century. Other ethnicities include the Bhutias, the Tibetans and the Lepchas. Nepali is the predominant language in the region.


Rudolf Arnold Nieberding

Rudolf Arnold Nieberding (May 4, 1838 in Konitz, West Prussia - October 10, 1912 in Berlin) was a German jurist and politician.

Nieberding studied law at the University of Breslau, the University of Heidelberg and the Humboldt-University of Berlin.

He started to work in the civil service of Prussia in 1861, followed by the civil service of the German Empire in 1872.

He was Minister of Justice of the German Empire from 1893 to 1909.

He died at the age of 74 in 1912.


Ancient Corinth

Corinth is at a critical place in the Peloponnese, a city-state on the Isthmus of Corinth. Ancient Corinth was one of the largest and most important cities of Ancient Greece, with a population of 90,000 in The Romans demolished Corinth in 146 BC, built a new city in its place in 44 BC, and later made it the provincial capital of Greece.

The city was a major player in the Persian Wars. It sent 400 soldiers to defend Thermopylae. It supplied forty warships for the Battle of Salamis and 5,000 hoplites in the following Battle of Plataea.

At the end of the Peloponnesian War () Corinth joined Athens in the against Sparta. However, in 395 BC Corinth switched back to the and joined Sparta to attack Athens.

These conflicts weakened the city-states of the Peloponnese and set the stage for the conquests of Philip II of Macedon. In 338 BC, after defeating Athens and its allies, Philip II created the to unite the Greeks in a war against Persia. Philip was named hegemon of the League.

In 146 BC, Rome declared war on the Greek Achaean League, led by Corinth. After some victories, the Romans under captured Corinth. When he entered the city, their commander Lucius Mummius killed all the men and sold the women and children into slavery before burning the city. This ruthless action was on a par with the destruction of Corinth. The Romans would not stand for any city which competed with them for trade in the Mediterranean. There is archeological evidence of some minimal habitation in the years afterwards. Corinth remained largely deserted until Julius Caesar refounded the city in 44 BC, shortly before his assassination. At this time, an amphitheatre was built. 

Under the Romans, Corinth was rebuilt as a major city. It had a large mixed population of Romans, Greeks, and Jews. 

Luzein

Luzein is a municipality of the district of Prättigau/Davos in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland. In 2016 the former municipality of St. Antönien merged into the municipality of Luzein.


Maladers

Maladers was a municipality in Plessur in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland. On 1 January 2020, the municipality Maladers became part of Chur.

St. Peter, Switzerland

St. Peter () is a former municipality of the district of Plessur in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2008 the former municipalities of St. Peter and Pagig merged into the new municipality of St. Peter-Pagig.

Pagig

Pagig () is a former municipality of the district of Plessur in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2008 the former municipalities of Pagig and St. Peter merged into the new municipality of St. Peter-Pagig.

St. Peter-Pagig

St. Peter-Pagig was a municipality of the district of Plessur in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland.

It was formed on 1 January 2008, through the merger of St. Peter and Pagig. On 1 January 2013, the former municipalities of St. Peter-Pagig, Calfreisen, Castiel, Langwies, Lüen, Molinis and Peist merged into the municipality of Arosa.

Portein

Portein () was a municipality in Hinterrhein in the canton of Graubünden, Switzerland.

On 1 January 2010, the former municipalities of Cazis, Portein, Präz, Sarn and Tartar joined together to become the municipality of Cazis.

Samedan

Samedan is a municipality of the district Maloja in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland.

Engadin Airport is in the municipality.


Pratteln

Pratteln (Swiss German: "Brattele") is a municipality in Liestal in the canton of Basel-Landschaft in Switzerland.


Montreuil

Montreuil can mean:

Kœtzingue

Kœtzingue is a commune in the Haut-Rhin department in the east of France.

Alternate ending

Alternate ending is a term used (usually in movies) to describe the ending of a story that was planned or debated but ultimately unused in favor of the actual ending. Generally, alternative endings are considered to have no bearing on the canonical narrative. On the internet, amateurs may make their own alternative endings.

Alternative endings are often filmed before being scrapped, and may be subsequently included as a special feature in the film's DVD release. These alternative endings are a special type of deleted scene. In other cases, ideas that were presented but discarded early on are alluded to by the production team in commentary or interviews.

Some films also present the alternative ending on International releases as well as their international Home media release, with its original region release only showing the alternative ending on certain TV channels.

The following are examples of known alternative endings to movies:

In TV shows, producers may want to keep the ending of an episode a secret, even if it means keeping it from the stars themselves. In such a case, they will usually film more than one ending and not tell the cast which one will be used.

Timothy F. Murphy

Timothy Francis Murphy (born September 11, 1952) was the U.S. Representative for , serving from 2003 until his resignation in October 2017. He is a member of the Republican Party. He previously served in the Pennsylvania Senate. He is a commander in the United States Navy Reserve.

In October 2017, Murphy announced that he would not seek re-election in 2018 due to revelations that during an affair he had urged his mistress to have an abortion despite his public anti-abortion stance. On October 5, House Speaker Paul Ryan’s Office announced Murphy would step down on October 21.

Rob Quist

Robert Ernest Quist (born January 5, 1948) is an American singer, instrumentalist (playing guitar and banjo), songwriter, and politician. 

His songs have been recorded by artists Michael Martin Murphey and Loretta Lynn among others. He is known as a musical and cultural ambassador for the state of Montana and was appointed to the Montana Arts Council by Governor Brian Schweitzer. He has toured throughout the United States, Canada, and Japan. 

Quist was the Democratic nominee for Montana's House seat in the 2017 special election, but lost the election to Greg Gianforte.

Lance Russell

Lance Russell (March 18, 1926 – October 3, 2017) was a professional wrestling announcer and commentator from 1959 to 1997. He was born in Tennessee.

His primary announcing partner was Dave Brown. He was included in the National Wrestling Alliance (NWA)'s Hall of Fame and Hall of Heroes. 

In addition, he was in the United States Wrestling Association's Memphis Wrestling Hall of Fame and "Wrestling Observer Newsletter's" Hall of Fame.

Russell died in Memphis, Tennessee on October 3, 2017 from complications of a broken hip caused by a fall at the age of 91.

Alvin Ailey

Alvin Ailey (January 5, 1931 – December 1, 1989) was an American ballet dancer and choreographer. He was born in Rogers, Texas.


Beverly Grove, Los Angeles

Beverly Grove is a small neighborhood in the central region of the City of Los Angeles, California.

The neighborhood has an area of 1.65-square-miles. As of 2000, about 21,000 people lived there. The ZIP codes for Beverly Grove are 90046 and 90048.

Giorgio Pressburger

Giorgio Pressburger (April 21, 1937 – October 5, 2017) was an Hungarian-born Italian writer of novels and short stories. He was born in Budapest.

Pressburger settled in Italy in 1956, where he worked as a movie and theatre director. He later became the Director of the Institute of Italian Culture in Hungary.

His book "The Law of White Spaces" was shortlisted for the Independent Foreign Fiction Award in 1992. His other works include the novel "Teeth and Spies" and the short story collection "Snow and Guilt".

Anne Wiazemsky

Anne Wiazemsky (14 May 1947 – 5 October 2017) was a French actress and novelist. She appeared in Robert Bresson's "Au Hasard Balthazar" (1966) and in Jean-Luc Godard's movies "La Chinoise" (1967), "Week End" (1967) and "One Plus One" (1968). She and Godard were married from 1967 to 1979.

Gene Stallings

Eugene Clifton "Gene" Stallings, Jr. (born March 2, 1935) is an American football player and coach. He played college football at Texas A&M University (1954–1956) and later served as the head coach at his alma mater from 1965 to 1971. He was born in Paris, Texas.

Stallings was also the head coach of the St. Louis/Phoenix Cardinals of the National Football League (1986–1989) and at the University of Alabama (1990–1996). 

Stallings' 1992 Alabama team completed a 13–0 season with a win in the Sugar Bowl over Miami and was named the consensus national champion. Stallings was also a member of the Board of Regents of the Texas A&M University System. 

Stallings was inducted into the College Football Hall of Fame as a coach on July 16, 2011.

Command-line interface

A means of interacting with a computer program where the user (or client) issues commands to the program in the form of successive lines of text (command lines).

Romantic friendship

A romantic friendship, passionate friendship or affectionate friendship is a close but non-sexual relationship between friends that often has some physical and emotional closeness.


Feroz

Feroz is a Spanish fantasy movie. It was directed by Manuel Gutiérrez Aragón. It was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 1984 Cannes Film Festival.

Pablo ("Julio César Sanz") is a strange man who is lost in the forest. One day he is saved by Luis ("Fernando Fernán Gómez") from being attacked by several wild dogs. However, that "man" has the ability to become into a bear, which is why dogs are aggressive toward him.

Luis, as a psychologist, takes him to Madrid so he can learn to live into the society.


Dwarkanath Sanzgiri

Dwarkanath Sanzgiri (born 15 November) is a journalist and author. He has written more that 25 books. 

Sanzgiri was born on 15 Nov. in Mumbai. He completed schooling from King George High School. He was working in as chief engineer from Mumbai Municipal Corporation when he was in the service.

He started his journalistic career at LBC Radio, before writing for the "Sunday Times". He gave up accountancy in 1978 to become a full-time journalist concentrating on business journalism but also writing about sport. He moved from business journalism to investigative sports reporting in the 1990s, editing the Inside Track column for the "Sunday Times". He moved to the "Daily Telegraph" in 1995, where he started the paper's Inside Sports column.

He is writing on Cricket and other Sports, Social Issues, Films, Humor, Travel and Tourism etc. from 1980. He is also writing in many newspapers including Loksatta, Saamna, Tarun Bharat, Aaj Dinank, Sanj Loksatta, Sakal, Pudhari, MID Day. He is also writing in mgazines like Lokprabha, Deeplaxmi, Shree, Chitra lekha, Ekach shatkar and Variours Diwali Issues. 



Vikram Singh Puar

Vikram Singh Rao II Puar (born 3 May 1989), is the present titular and the 10th Maharaja of Dewas State (Senior). He is a descendant of the Maratha Rajput Puar (Pawar/Parmar) dynasty. He was crowned as the Maharaja of Dewas State (Senior) after the death of his father late HH Maharaja Tukoji Rao IV Puar at the Anand Bhawan Palace, Dewas.

Alappuzha district

Alappuzha () is one of the 14 districts in the state of Kerala in India. It was formed as Alleppey District on August 17, 1957. The name of the district was officially changed to Alappuzha in 1990.

Alappuzha is well connected by waterways to various other parts of Kerala, including the famous tourist destination of Kumarakom; and the district is itself a well known tourist destination. The district is known for its Coir factories, as most of Kerala's coir industries are in and around Alappuzha.

The district is also known for its communist traditions. It is home to the Punnapra-Vayalar uprising against the British and also the revolt against the Feudal raj.

According to the 2011 census, Alappuzha district has a population of 2,121,943, roughly equal to the nation of Namibia or the US state of New Mexico. This gives it a ranking of 216th in India (out of a total of 640). The district has a population density of . Its population growth rate over the decade 2001-2011 was 0.61%. Alappuzha has a sex ratio of 1100 females for every 1000 males, and a literacy rate of 96.26%.

In the 2001 Indian Census, the Hindu population is 69.08%, Christian 20.94, and Muslim 9.86.

It has the highest population density among all districts of the state. It is 29.46% urbanized, and is the smallest district in Kerala.

Alappuzha Hotels & Resorts

Ernakulam district

Ernakulam is a district of Kerala, India in the central part of that state. Spanning an area of about 3,068 km, Ernakulam district is home to over 12% of Kerala’s population. Its headquarters is located at Kakkanad, a suburb of Kochi city. Ernakulam is known as the commercial capital of Kerala. The district is famous for its ancient temples, churches, and mosques. The district includes the largest metropolitan region of the state, Greater Cochin. Ernakulam district is the highest revenue yielding district in the state. It is the third most populous district in Kerala, after Malappuram and Thiruvananthapuram (out of 14). Ernakulam district also hosts the highest number of international and domestic tourists in Kerala state.

The language spoken in Ernakulam is Malayalam which is the mother-tongue of Kerala. English is widely used, especially in business circles. Ernakulam became India's first district having 100 percent banking or full 'meaningful financial inclusion' in 2012.

From ancient times Ernakulam district has played a part in the political history of south India. The Jews, Syrians, Arabs, Chinese, Dutch, British and Portuguese seafarers followed the sea route to Kingdom of Cochin and left their impressions in the town. In 1896, the Maharaja of Cochin initiated local administration by forming a town council in Ernakulam. Initially Ernakulam district's headquarters was at Ernakulam, which gave the district its name; the headquarters was later shifted to Kakkanad.

According to the 2011 census Ernakulam district has a population of 3,282,388, roughly equal to the nation of Mauritania or the US state of Iowa. This gives it a ranking of 104th in India (out of a total of 640). The district has a population density of . Its population growth rate over the decade 2001–2011 was 5.6%. Ernakulam has a sex ratio of 1028 females for every 1000 males, and a literacy rate of 95.68%.

This district is listed as the "most advanced" district in Kerala. It had a resident population of 3,105,798 as of 2001, excluding the huge commuter traffic from neighbouring districts. It is urbanised 68.07%. Hindus (46.53) accounts for the largest community followed by Christians (38.78 including Syrians and Latins) and Muslims (14.55). A small population of Jains, Jews and Sikhs are also residing in Kochi. Also, Ernakulam district has the highest number of Christian population in India.

The most important religious communities of the district are Ezhavas with 756,475 members, Nairs with 356,321 members Jacobites with 474,572 members Syrian Catholics with 305,512 members, Latin Christians with 260,258 Malankara Orthodox Church with 54,568 and Muslims with 456,275 members. In addition to the major communities the Buddhists, the Jains, the Sikhs, and the Jews also form part of the cosmopolitan population. The ancestors of the Jews migrated from Jerusalem in 70 A.D. to India. Now there are very few Jewish families in Cochin as most of them were converted to Syrian Christians (Nasranis), and the rest migrated to Israel in the 20th century. The 15.7% of the population are Malayalam speaking Sunni Shafi'i Muslims.


Malappuram district

Malappuram district is a district in the state of Kerala, India. The headquarters at Malappuram.

The district was formed on 16 June 1969. Malappuram district is composed of portions of the former Palakkad and Kozhikode districts: Ernad taluk and portions of Tirur taluk in Kozhikode district, and portions of Perinthalmannna and Ponnani taluks in Palakkad district. In 1921 the present-day Malappuram district was part of the Moplah rebellions, followed by decades of stagnant economic, social and political development. In the early years of Communist rule in Kerala, Malappuram experienced land reform under the Land Reform Ordinance. During the 1970s Persian Gulf oil reserves were opened to commercial extraction, and thousands of unskilled workers migrated to the Gulf. They sent money home, supporting the rural economy, and by the late 20th century the region had First World health standards and near-universal literacy.

Malappuram district contains abundant wildlife and a number of small hills, forests, rivers and streams flowing to the west, backwaters and paddy, arecanut, cashew nut, pepper, ginger, pulses, coconut, banana, tapioca, and rubber plantations. Malappuram is one of two Muslim-majority districts in south India. The Hindu temples and Moplah mosques of the region are known for their colorful festivals, and it is the most populous district in Kerala. Religions practised in the district include Hinduism, Islam, Christianity, Buddhism, Sikhism, Jainism and tribal religions.
In the 2011 census the district had a population of 4,112,920.

Malappuram is the 50th-most-populous of India's 640 districts, with a population density of . Its population-growth rate from 2001 to 2011 was 13.39 percent. Malappuram has a sex ratio of 1096 women to 1000 men, and its literacy rate is 93.55 percent.
Malayalam is the district's principal language. Minority Dravidian languages are Allar (350 speakers) and Aranadan, kept alive by the low education level of its 200 speakers.


Idukki district

Idukki is one of the 14 districts of Kerala state, India, created on 26January 1972. At that time, the district headquarters was at Kottayam. In June 1976 it was moved to Painavu. Idukki which lies in the Western Ghats of Kerala. Idukki is the second largest district in area but has the lowest population density. Idukki has a vast forest reserve area; more than a half of the district is covered by forests. The urban areas are densely populated whereas villages are sparsely populated. Idukki is also known as the spice garden of Kerala.

According to the 2011 census Idukki district has a population of 1,107,453. This ranks it as 416th among the 640 districts of India. The district has a population density of . Its population growth rate over the decade 2001–2011 was −1.93%. Idukki has a sex ratio of 1006 females for every 1000 males, and a literacy rate of 92.2 per cent. According to the 2011 census, Hindus make up 48. 86% (541,854) of the population, Christians 43.42% (481,507), Muslims 7.41%(82,206). 

Munnar was the summer resort of the British Government in the south. Munnar has some of the largest tea plantations in the world. This hill station, which is more than 5000 feet above sea level, is a well-known tourist attraction noted for its scenic and picturesque landscapes. Most of the native flora and fauna of Munnar have disappeared due to severe habitat fragmentation resultant from the creation of the plantations.Most of the native flora and fauna of Munnar have disappeared due to severe habitat fragmentation resultant from the creation of the plantations. However, some species continue to survive and thrive in several protected areas nearby, including the new Kurinjimala Sanctuary to the east, the Chinnar Wildlife Sanctuary, Manjampatti Valley and the Amaravati reserve forest of Indira Gandhi Wildlife Sanctuary to the north east, the Eravikulam National Park and Anamudi Shola National Park to the north, the Pampadum Shola National Park to the south and the proposed Palani Hills National Park to the east.


Reich Chancellor

The Reich Chancellor (German: "Reichskanzler") was the chancellor of Germany during the German Reich.

German Empire (all but one were no party members):

Weimar Republic:

Nazi Germany:

Thiruvananthapuram district

Thiruvananthapuram District is the southernmost district of the coastal state of Kerala. It is the largest city in Kerala. It came into existence in the year 1957. The headquarters is the city of Thiruvananthapuram (Trivandrum) which is also the capital city of Kerala.

The district has an area of and a population of 3,307,284 (as per the 2011 census), the second-most populous district in Kerala after Malappuram district. It is the densest district in Kerala with . It is divided into six taluks: Thiruvananthapuram, Chirayinkeezhu, Neyyattinkara, Nedumangadu, Varkala and Kattakada. The urban bodies in the district are the Thiruvananthapuram Corporation, Varkala, Neyyattinkara, Attingal and Nedumangad municipalities.
According to the 2011 census Thiruvananthapuram district has a population of 3,307,284, roughly equal to the nation of Uruguay or the US state of Connecticut. This gives it a ranking of 103rd in India (out of a total of 640 districts). The district has a population density of . Its population growth rate over the decade 2001–2011 was 2.25%. Thiruvananthapuram has a sex ratio of 1088 females for every 1000 males, and a literacy rate of 92.66%.
1city.in 



Kollam district

Kollam district (formerly Quilon) is one of 14 districts of the state of Kerala, India. The district has a cross-section of Kerala's natural attributes; it is endowed with a long coastline, a major Laccadive Sea seaport and an inland lake (Ashtamudi Lake). The district has many source of waterbodies. Kallada river is one among it and the east side land of river is EastKallada and the west side land is WestKallada. Kallada Boat race is one among the famous festival events of district. Even though it is a competition between two land sides of river many boat clubs from various places even beyond the district use to participate in the event. Kollam is the capital of Kerala's cashew industry. Plains, mountains, lakes, lagoons and backwaters, forests, farmland and rivers make up the topography of the district. The area had trading relationships with Phoenicia and Ancient Rome.

According to the 2011 census Kollam district has a population of 2,629,703, roughly equal to the nation of Kuwait or the US state of Nevada. This gives it a ranking of 155th in India (out of a total of 640 districts). The district has a population density of . Its population growth rate over the decade 2001-2011 was 1.72 percent. Kollam has a sex ratio of 1113 females for every 1000 males, and a literacy rate of 93.77 percent.

In 2001 Indian Census Muslim population is 4,74,071 (18.34%), Hindu 16,85,044 (65.18%), and Christian 4,23,745 (16.39%).


Kasaragod district

Kasaragod District is one of the 14 districts in the state of Kerala, India. Kasaragod became part of Kannur district following the reorganisation of states and formation of Kerala in November 1, 1956. Kasaragod was declared as a district on 24 May 1984.

According to the 2011 census Kasaragod district has a population of 1,307,375, roughly equal to the nation of Mauritius or the US state of New Hampshire. This gives it a ranking of 375th in India (out of a total of 640). The district has a population density of . Its population growth rate over the decade 2001–2011 was 8.18%. Kasaragod has a sex ratio of 1079 females for every 1000 males, and a literacy rate of 89.85%.


Kannur district

Kannur District is one of the 14 districts along the west coast in the state of Kerala, India. The town of Kannur is the district headquarters and gives the district its name. The old name, Cannanore is the anglicised form of the Malayalam name "Kannur". Kannur district is bounded by Kasaragod District to the north, Kozhikode district to the south and Wayanad District to the southeast. To the east the district is bounded by the Western Ghats, which forms the border with the state of Karnataka (Kodagu district). The Arabian Sea is to the west. The district was established in 1957.

Kannur is the sixth-most urbanized district in Kerala, with more than 50% of its residents living in urban areas. Kannur has an urban population of 1,212,898, which is the second largest in Kerala after Ernakulam district.

Kannur District is known as the land of looms and lores, because of the loom industries and ritualistic festivals held here in temples. The district is a major centre of Theyyam, a ritual dance of northern Kerala. Small shrines known as kavus, associated with the Theyyam, dot the district.

The proposed Kannur International Airport will be the fourth international airport in Kerala and is in Mattannur, 26-km away from Kannur.

According to the 2011 census Kannur district has a population of 2,525,637, roughly equal to the nation of Kuwait or the US state of Nevada. This gives it a ranking of 170th in India (out of a total of 640). The district has a population density of . Its population growth rate over the decade 2001-2011 was 4.84%. Kannur has a sex ratio of 1133 females for every 1000 males, the highest among any district in India, and a literacy rate of 95.41%.

The District has a population of 2,412,365 (2001 census). This was the most urbanised district in Kerala in 2001, but was pushed to 4th place after Ernakulam, Thrissur and Kozhikode in 2011. About 50.35% of the population reside in the urban agglomerations. The total urban population of Kannur district is 1,212,898. This is the second largest urban population in Kerala after Ernakulam and is more than the population of a metro city.

In the 2001 Indian Census Hindus made up 61.47% of the population; Christians 10.84%; and Muslims 27.63%.The majority of the Anglo-Indian community lives in the Kannur Cantonment and the surrounding areas of Thillery, No.3 Bazaar and Camp Bazaar.
The high urban population is due to the 45 towns in the district which was the highest in Kerala as per 2001 census. 2011 census has Thrissur with 135 towns with Kannur having 67.


Kottayam district

Kottayam District is one of the 14 districts in the state of Kerala, India. Though the district is 157 km south to Kunnamkulam, the center of Kerala. It is located in an area with biggest diameter and population. It is the only district having no border with either the Western Ghats or Arabian Sea. The Kerala government and Central govt both agreed to built an airport near Sabarimala. Cheruvally Estate in Erumeli may be the site. Given it is a plain plateau with strong soil, Aviation ministry estimated that the airport could be completed in just six months. The district has its headquarters at Kottayam town, located at 9.36° N and 76.17° E. Pala or Kidangoor may be the center point of district. Rubber Board campus located in Puthuppally with head office in Kottayam town is the only central govt organization in the district. Kottayam is known as city of three 'L's - Literacy, Lakes and Latex. Kottayam is the first town to achieve 100% literacy rate in India. On 27 September 2008, Kottayam district also became the first tobacco free districts in India.

Kottayam City is also known as Akshara Nagari (City of Letters) and Chuvar Chitra Nagari (City of Mural).

Bordered by hills on the east and the Vembanad Lake and paddy fields of Kuttanad on the west, Kottayam has many unique characteristics. Panoramic backwater stretches, lush paddy fields, highlands, hills and hillocks, rubber plantations and places associated with many legends gives Kottayam District the enviable title: The land of letters, legends, latex and lakes. The district is 15.35% urbanised.

The headquarters of 2 significant religious communities in Kerala are located in Kottayam District: Nair Service Society and Indian Orthodox Church

According to the 2011 census Kottayam district has a population of 1,979,384, roughly equal to the nation of Slovenia or the US state of New Mexico. This gives it a ranking of 234th in India (out of a total of 640). The district has a population density of . Its population growth rate over the decade 2001–11 was 1.32%. Kottayam has a sex ratio of 1040 females for every 1000 males, and a literacy rate of 97.21, the highest in the state and 4th highest in India.

As per the 2001 Indian Census, population in Kottayam included Hindus (49.32%), Christians (44.60%) and Muslims (5.97%).

Best tourism places in Kottayam

Pathanamthitta district

Pathanamthitta District is a district in the southern part of Kerala, India. The district headquarters is in the town of Pathanamthitta. There are four municipalities in Pathanamthitta: Tiruvalla, Adoor, Pathanamthitta and Pandalam.

According to the 2001 Census of India, the population was 1,231,577, making it the third least populous district in Kerala (out of 14), after Wayanad and Idukki. Pathanamthitta has been declared the first polio-free district in India. The district is 10.03% urbanised. Pathanamthitta is one of the Richestt districts in India with just 1.17% poverty as of 2013, which places the district among top 5 districts in India with least poverty.

According to the 2011 census Pathanamthitta district has a population of 1,195,537, roughly equal to the nation of Timor-Leste or the US state of Rhode Island. This gives it a ranking of 399th in India (out of a total of 640). The district has a population density of . Its population growth rate over the decade 2001–2011 was −3.12%. Pathanamthitta has a sex ratio of 1129 females for every 1000 males, and a literacy rate of 96.93%. Pathanamthitta District is one of the few districts to have negative growth in population.

According to the Census of India 2001, the district had a population of 1,234,016 with a density of 467 persons per square kilometre. This is the lowest density in the State after Idukki and Wayanad. Schedule tribes and castes comprise 13% of the total population. The female to male ratio is 1094:1000, which is the highest among the districts in the State. Pathanamthitta's literacy rate is 95%.Pathanamthitta's major religion are Hinduism, Christianity and Islam. Sikhs, Buddhists and Jains have much smaller followings. the population included 694,560(56.28%) Hindus, 481,602 (39.03%) Christians and 56,457 (4.58%) Muslims, the lowest following in the State.

In Christian Denominations Malankara Orthodox Church, with population of 312, 352, Mar Thoma Syrian Church population of 134, 751, Jacobite and Knanaya Jacobite population accumulating to a total of 47,256 and Malankara Catholics reaching a total of 44,326.A large number of Pentecostal and Reformation Groups also are present in this area.



Palakkad district

Palakkad District is one of the 14 districts of the Indian state of Kerala. Also, it is the largest district in kerala from 2006. The city of Palakkad is the district headquarters. Palakkad is bordered on the northwest by the Malappuram District, on the southwest by the Thrissur District, on the northeast by The Nilgiris District and on the east by Coimbatore district of Tamil Nadu. The district is 24.4% urbanised according to the census of 2011. The district is nicknamed "the granary of Kerala" and "Rice bowl of Kerala".
According to the 2011 census Palakkad district has a population of 2,810,892, roughly equal to the nation of Jamaica or the US state of Utah. This gives it a ranking of 138th in India (out of a total of 640). The district has a population density of . Its population growth rate over the decade 2001–2011 was 7.39%. Palakkad has a sex ratio of 1067 females for every 1000 males, and a literacy rate of 89.32%. Palakkad city has a literacy rate of 94.20%

The official language Malayalam is predominantly and widely spoken in the district, while Tamil forms the main language of over 6% of the district's population.



Thrissur district

Thrissur (also Trichur, Trissur) is a revenue district of Kerala in the central part of that state. Spanning an area of about 3,032 km, Thrissur district is home to over 10% of Kerala’s population. Thrissur district was formed on July 1, 1949, with the headquarters at Thrissur City. Thrissur is known as the cultural capital of Kerala, and the land of Poorams. The district is famous for its ancient temples, churches, and mosques. Thrissur Pooram is the most colourful and spectacular temple festival in Kerala. The district was formed on July 1, 1949.

According to the 2011 census Thrissur district has a population of 3,110,327, roughly equal to the nation of Mongolia or the US state of Iowa. This gives it a ranking of 113th in India (out of a total of 640). The district has a population density of . Its population growth rate over the decade 2001–2011 was 4.58%. Thrissur has a sex ratio of 1109 females for every 1000 males, and a literacy rate of 95.32%. Thrissur was also the second highest urbanized district in Kerala after Ernakulam.

According to the 2001 India census, Thrissur District had a population of 2,975,440. Males constitute 49% of the population and females 51%. Thrissur has a literacy rate of 86%, higher than the national average of 59.5%: male literacy is 87%, and female literacy is 85%. 10% of the population is under 6 years of age. Hindus, Christians and Muslims constitute the bulk of the population, with Hindus as the majority, with 59.24%, closely followed by Christians (24.21%) and Muslims .

The Hindu community consists of mainly Nairs and Ezhavas. Ambalavasis and Brahmins – including the local Namboodiris and migrants like Iyers and GSBs- also form a percentage of the Hindu population. The Scheduled Castes, around 12% of the population of the district, also form a section among the Hindus of the district. The Catholics – both Syro Malabar and Latin, Orthodox Jacobites and Chaldeans are the main sections of the Christian Community in the district. Catholics constitute 90% of the Christian population of the district spreading in 3 dioceses namely Thrissur (4,60,000), Irinjalakkuda (2,52,000) and Kottapuram (75,000). Orthodox, Jacobites and Chaldean Syrians constitute the rest.

Kunnamkulam, a small town in the northern part of the district is the center for the Orthodox and Jacobites. The Orthodox church (75000 followers) has its Thrissur diocese centered at Mannuthy. Chaldean Syrians spread around Thrissur city with 25,000 followers. A church known as Thozhiyoor church has its own headquarters at Guruvayur with 7000 followers. Muslims live predominantly in the coastal belt of the district, from north Punnayoorkkulam to South Azhikode. They are dominant in Guruvayur and Chavakkad, in good in numbers Kodungalloor, Kaipamangalam and Nattika areas Sunnis are the major section in Muslim community.


North Goa district

North Goa is one of the two districts that make up the state of Goa, India. The district has an area of 1736 km².

It is bounded by Sindhudurg district of Maharashtra state to the north and by Belgaum district of Karnataka to the east, by South Goa District to the south, and by the Arabian Sea to the west.

According to the 2011 census North Goa has a population of 817,761 which is roughly equal to the nation of Comoros or the US state of South Dakota. This gives it a ranking of 480th in India (out of a total of 640). The district has a population density of . Its population growth rate over the decade 2001-2011 was 7.8%. North Goa has a sex ratio of 959 females for every 1000 males, and a literacy rate of 88.85%.


South Goa district

South Goa is one of two districts that comprises the state of Goa in West India, within the region known as the Konkan. It is bounded by the district of North Goa to the north, the Uttara Kannada district of Karnataka state to the east and south, while the Arabian Sea forms its western coast.

According to the 2011 census South Goa has a population of 639,962 which is roughly equal to the nation of Montenegro or the US state of Vermont. This gives it a ranking of 515th in India (out of a total of 640). The district has a population density of . Its population growth rate over the decade 2001-2011 was 8.63%. South Goa has a sex ratio of 980 females for every 1000 males, and a literacy rate of 85.53%.

Konkani is the mother tongue of a majority of the people living in South Goa district. Marathi is spoken by a substantial number of people. English and Hindi are understood by a majority of the population. Portuguese is also spoken and understood by a small number of people.


List of states and union territories of India by area

The following is a list of states and territories of The Republic of India by area according to the census of 2011. India consists of 28 states and eight union territories.

"Source:Area of states"

The area figures of states and union territories do not add up to area of India because:

List of state and union territory capitals in India

India is a country in southern Asia. With over
1.3 billion people, India is the most populous democracy in the world. It is a federal constitutional republic governed under a parliamentary system consisting of 28
states and 8 union territories. All states, as well as the union territories of Puducherry and the National Capital Territory of Delhi, have elected legislatures and governments, both patterned on the Westminster model. The remaining five union territories are directly ruled by the centre through appointed administrators. In 1956, under the States Reorganisation Act, states were reorganised on a linguistic basis. Since then, their structure has remained largely unchanged. Each state or union territory is further divided into administrative districts.

The state and union territory capitals are sorted according to no legislative and judicial capitals. The administrative capital is where the executive government offices are located, the legislative capital is where the state assembly convenes, and the judicial capital is the location of the state or territorial High Courts. Union territories are marked with a dagger ().


Indian states ranked by unemployment

This is a list of states of India ranked according to unemployment. List may be vary.The list is compiled from the Report on Fifth Annual Employment-Unemployment Survey (2015-16) from Ministry of Labour and Employment, Government of India.

Tripura has the highest unemployment rate and ranks worst. National average stands at 50. Interactive map of below data is available here.

Eberhard van der Laan

Eberhard Edzard van der Laan (June 28, 1955 in Leiden - October 5, 2017 in Amsterdam) was a Dutch lawyer and politician. He was a member of the Labour Party (PvdA).

Van der Laan was born in a Reformed family, and studied law at the Free University Amsterdam.

He was a member of the city council of Amsterdam from 1990 to 1998 (partly also group leader), minister of Housing, Residential Areas and Social Integration in the Fourth Balkenende cabinet from 2008 to 2010, and mayor of Amsterdam from 2010 till his death in 2017.

He died of lung cancer at the age of 62.


Central Los Angeles

Central Los Angeles is region of Los Angeles County, California. There are twenty-three neighborhoodsin the Central Los Angeles region as well as Griffith Park, the city's largest public park. It covers an area of 57.87-square-mile (149.88 km²).

According to the Mapping L.A. survey of the "Los Angeles Times," the Central Los Angeles region consists of:

Alain Bui

Alain Bui (born 1969) is a French doctor who specializes in information technology. He has been President of the "Université de Versailles Saint-Quentin-en-Yvelines" since October 2017.

He graduated from the Paris Diderot University in information technology, and started his career at University of Picardie Jules Verne in 1995. He moved to CNRS in 2003.
He worked on simulation technology.

In October 2017, he was elected President of the "Université de Versailles Saint-Quentin-en-Yvelines", succeeding Didier Guillemot.

Sechs Kies

Sechs Kies is a South Korean boy band formed in 1997 with six members by Daesung Enterprise (DSP Media) in order to top H.O.T. The group is known today as one of the founding groups of K-pop and for being the first major group to break up.

In 2016, the members (excluding Jiyong,) joined YG Entertainment and released the song "Three Words". After a series of collection albums, the group released the album, "Another Light", in 2017, nearly 17 years since breaking up.


2AM

2AM is a four-member South Korean K-pop and ballad boy group formed under JYP Entertainment as a counterpart to 2PM. The group rose to fame with their song, "Can't Let You Go, Even If I Die" in 2010. In 2015, Seulong and Jinwoon announced they were leaving JYP. Changmin later made the same announcement in August 2015, though JYP announced soon after that 2AM was not disbanded. They came back in 2021.

In September 2017, Jo Kwon left JYP.


NRG

NRG is a South Korean K-pop band formed in 1997 by Music Factory Entertainment. The group rose to fame with their debut song, "I Can Do It."
In 1999, members Myunghoon and Sungjin left the group, while the other three released the album "NRG 003." After member Hwansung tragically died of pnemonia in 2000, Myunghoon and Sungjin rejoined the group for their memorial album, "Sorrow."

The group made an official come back with "Hit Song" in 2003, which ranked #1 on the music charts.

Following the departure of Sunghoon, the 3 remaining members released 1 more album before disbandment. In 2017, NRG announced a new album would be released on the 20th anniversary of debut.

Red Velvet (group)

Red Velvet () is a South Korean girl group. It was formed in 2014 with four members: Wendy, Irene, Joy and Seulgi. Their first song called "Happiness" was released in August 2014. Later in March of 2015, their label, SM Entertainment, added Yeri to the group. Since then, the group has been active with five members.


Korean albums

Japanese album
Korean EPs

Japanese EPs

Blackpink

Blackpink (Korean: 블랙핑크; commonly stylized as BLACKPINK or BLΛƆKPIИK) is a South Korean girl group that debuted on 8 August 2016. The group consists of members Jisoo, Jennie, Rosé, and Lisa.

They are the highest-charting female K-pop act on both "Billboard" Hot 100 and "Billboard" 200. They are also the first and only K-pop girl group to enter and top the "Billboard"<nowiki>'</nowiki>s Emerging Artists chart. In addition, Blackpink are also the first female K-pop group to have four number-one singles on "Billboard"<nowiki>'</nowiki>s World Digital Song Sales chart. Their 2018 song "Ddu-Du Ddu-Du" was the most-viewed Korean music video in the first 24 hours on YouTube. In January 2019, it became the most viewed music video by a K-pop group on YouTube. They are currently the most subscribed music act, K-pop group and female artist on YouTube, with 92,7 million subscribers (as of January 2024). Blackpink was also the first female K-pop group to perform at Coachella.

In 2018, Jennie was the first member to release a solo song, titled "Solo". Rosé released her single album "R" in 2021. Lisa also released a single album called "Lalisa" the same year. Jisoo released hers, called "Me", in 2023.








Steve Baker (illusionist)

Steve "Mr. Escape" Baker (July 26, 1938 – September 17, 2017) was an American comedian and magician. He was best known as an escape artist. He was born in Oakland, California. 

During his career from 1967 through the early 1990s Baker appeared on "Dick Clark's LIVE Wednesday", "Games People Play", and was a star on an HBO special along with Tony Curtis and special guest star Dorothy Dietrich, called "The World's Greatest Escapes", and several times on "That's Incredible!". 

Baker died on September 17, 2017 in Los Angeles, California at the age of 79.

Günter Halm

Günter Halm (27 August 1922 – 26 September 2017) was a German Nazi infantryman and lieutenant. He was born in Elize, Germany. He was raised in Hanover, Germany. He was the youngest member of the Afrika Korps to be awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross for his bravery in action. He was active in the military from 1941 through 1945.

Halm died in Bad Münder, Germany on 26 September 2017 at the age of 95.

Vladimir Voevodsky

Vladimir Alexandrovich Voevodsky (; , 4 June 1966 – 30 September 2017) was a Russian-American mathematician. He was born in Moscow.

His work in developing a homotopy theory for algebraic varieties and formulating motivic cohomology led to the award of a Fields Medal in 2002. He was also known for the proof of the Milnor conjecture and motivic Bloch-Kato conjectures and for the univalent foundations of mathematics and homotopy type theory.

Voevodsky died on September 30, 2017 at his home in Princeton, New Jersey of an aortic aneurysm at the age of 51.

Terry Downes

Terry Downes, BEM (9 May 1936 – 6 October 2017) was a British middleweight boxer, and occasional movie actor. He was nicknamed the "Paddington Express" for his aggressive fighting style. As of 2008, Downes was Britain’s oldest surviving former world champion. He held the world middleweight title for ten months from 1961 to 1962. He was born in London.

One of his best known roles was in Roman Polanski's 1967 movie "The Fearless Vampire Killers", in which he played "Koukol", a hunchbacked servant. His other movie credits included appearances in "A Study in Terror" (1965), "Five Ashore in Singapore" (1967), "The Golden Lady" (1979), "If You Go Down in the Woods Today" (1981), and the Derek Jarman movie "Caravaggio" (1986).

Downes died on 6 October 2017 in London, aged 81.


Toon Geurts

Antonius "Toon" Geurts (29 February 1932 – 6 October 2017) was a Dutch sprint canoer. He was most successful in the K-2 1000 m event, in which he finished in seventh, second and fourth place at the 1960, 1964 and 1968 Olympics, respectively. He won silver at the 1964 Summer Olympics in Tokyo. He was born in Veldhoven, the Netherlands.

Geurts died in The Hague, the Netherlands on 6 October 2017 at the age of 85.


Ralphie May

Ralph Oliver "Ralphie" May (February 17, 1972 – October 6, 2017) was an American stand-up comedian and actor. He was born in Chattanooga, Tennessee, but raised in Clarksville, Arkansas. His jokes were mainly about observational comedy, wit, word play, satire, sexuality, race, religion, family life and obesity. 

May was influenced by Sam Kinison, Lenny Bruce, Buddy Hackett, and Richard Pryor. In 2003, May was chosen to participate in the first season of "Last Comic Standing". He finished in second place in the competition. After that, he appeared in comedy shows like "The Wayne Brady Show" and "The Tonight Show with Jay Leno". In 2005, he was the only white comedian on "The Big Black Comedy Show", which also featured Mo'Nique, Rodman, and Vince Morris.

May was married to Lahna Turner from 2005 until they separated in 2015. They had two children. 

May died of a pneumonia-related heart attack at his home in Las Vegas, Nevada on October 6, 2017 at the age of 45.


John Herrnstein

John Ellett Herrnstein (March 31, 1938 – October 3, 2017) was an American baseball and football player. He played Major League Baseball from 1962 to 1966 for the Philadelphia Phillies, Chicago Cubs, and Atlanta Braves. He also played college baseball and football at the University of Michigan from 1956 to 1959. He was born in Hampton, Virginia.

Herrnstein died at his home in Chillicothe, Ohio on October 3, 2017 of complications from leukemia, at the age of 79.

Jon Huntsman Sr.

Jon Meade Huntsman Sr. (June 21, 1937 – February 2, 2018) was an American businessman and philanthropist. He was the founder and executive chairman of Huntsman Corporation, a global manufacturer and marketer of specialty chemicals. Huntsman plastics are used in a wide variety of familiar objects, including (formerly) McDonald's clamshell burger containers.

From 1971 to 1972, he was the White House Staff Secretary during the Richard Nixon presidency.

Huntsman Sr. died of prostate cancer in Salt Lake City, Utah on February 2, 2018 at the age of 80.

Rainer Weiss

Rainer "Rai" Weiss (; ; born September 29, 1932) is a German-born American physicist of partly Jewish descent (his father was Jewish).
He is known for his works in gravitational physics and astrophysics. He is a professor of physics emeritus at MIT. He is best known for inventing the laser interferometric technique which is the basic operation of LIGO. 

Weiss was Chair of the COBE Science Working Group. 

In 2017, Weiss was awarded the Nobel Prize in Physics, along with Kip Thorne and Barry Barish, "for decisive contributions to the LIGO detector and the observation of gravitational waves".

Barry Barish

Barry Clark Barish (born January 27, 1936) is an American experimental physicist and Nobel Laureate. He is a Linde Professor of Physics, emeritus at California Institute of Technology. He is a leading expert on gravitational waves, and is of Jewish descent.

In 2017, Barish was awarded the Nobel Prize in Physics along with Rainer Weiss and Kip Thorne "for decisive contributions to the LIGO detector and the observation of gravitational waves".

Kip Thorne

Kip Stephen Thorne (born June 1, 1940) is an American theoretical physicist and Nobel laureate. He is known for his contributions in gravitational physics and astrophysics. 

In 2017, Thorne was awarded the Nobel Prize in Physics along with Rainer Weiss and Barry C. Barish "for decisive contributions to the LIGO detector and the observation of gravitational waves".

AKMU

AKMU (also known as Akdong Musician) is a duo consisting of brother and sister, Lee Chanhyuk and Lee Suhyun. The duo performed together for the 1st time at an audition for LOEN in 2012, and eventually signed under YG Entertainnment. The group officially debuted in 2014 with their album PLAY. In 2017, Chanhyuk enlisted for the military, thus putting the group on hiatus until his return in 2019.


Santiago Tequixquiac

Santiago Tequixquiac (or "Tequixquiac") is a city in the state of México in Mexico. About 22,000 people live there.

Malinalco Municipality

Malinalco is a municipality of the state of Mexico.

Apaxco Municipality

Apaxco is a municipality of the state of Mexico.

Atlacomulco Municipality

Atlacomulco is a municipality of the state of Mexico.

Lydie Polfer

Lydie Catherine Polfer (born November 22, 1952 in Luxembourg City) is a Luxembourgian politician of the Democratic Party (DP). She is the current mayor of Luxembourg City.

Polfer was Deputy Prime Minister, Foreign Minister, an MEP, and a member of the Chamber of Deputies.

She was mayor of Luxembourg City from 1982 to 1999, and has been again since 2013.

Her father Camille Polfer was also mayor of Luxembourg City.


Cantons of the Allier department

This is a list of cantons of the Allier department:


Camille Polfer

Camille Polfer (November 21, 1924 in Namur - March 19, 1983 in Luxembourg City) was a Luxembourgian sports teacher and politician of the Democratic Party (DP).

He was mayor of Luxembourg City from 1980 to 1981, and was succeeded by his daughter Lydie Polfer due to his poor health.


Kruth

Kruth is a commune. It is found in the Haut-Rhin department of eastern France.

Kunheim

Kunheim is a French commune. It is found in the Haut-Rhin department of eastern France.

Bronisław Chromy

Bronisław Chromy (June 3, 1925 – October 4, 2017) was a Polish sculptor, painter, and a professor at the Academy of Fine Arts in Cracow. Chromy was a member of the Polish Academy of Learning. He was born at Leńcze near Lanckorona.

Chromy died in Kraków, Poland on October 4, 2017 at the age of 92.

Konstantin Sarsania

Konstantin Sergeyevich Sarsania (; 11 June 1968, Moscow – 7 October 2017, Moscow) was a Russian professional football coach and a former player and agent. 

At the time of his death he worked as director of sports for FC Zenit Saint Petersburg.

He made his debut as a player in the Soviet Second League in 1988 for FC Dynamo-2 Moscow.

Darsi Ferrer Ramírez

Darsi Ferrer Ramírez (2 November 1969 – 6 October 2017), was a Cuban doctor, journalist, director of Juan Bruno Zayas Health and Human Rights Center, and a dissident. He put in jail by President Fidel Castro.

He organized protests at the UNESCO headquarters in Havana and published about poverty in Cuba. He was arrested and went on a hunger strike. Ferrer was facing up to 8 years in prison. He was released on 22 June 2010.

Ramírez in Havana on 6 October 2017 at the age of 47.

Howie Mandel

Howard Michael Mandel (born November 29, 1955) is a Canadian comedian, actor, television host, and voice actor. He is known as host of the game show "Deal or No Deal" from 2005 to 2019.

Before his career as a game show host, Mandel was best known for his role as rowdy ER intern Dr. Wayne Fiscus on the NBC medical drama "St. Elsewhere". He is also well known for being the creator and star of the children's cartoon "Bobby's World", as well as a judge on NBC's "America's Got Talent".


Louis Walsh

Michael Louis Vincent Walsh (born 5 August 1952) known as Louis Walsh is an Irish entertainment manager and judge on British television talent show "The X Factor".


Marek Gołąb

Marek Gołąb (7 May 1940 – 6 October 2017) was a Polish weightlifter who competed in the 1968 Summer Olympics at which he won a bronze medal in the middle-heavyweight division. He was born in Zakliczyn, Poland.

Gołąb died in Warsaw, Poland on 6 October 2017 at the age of 77.

Canton of Bellerive-sur-Allier

The canton of Bellerive-sur-Allier is an administrative division of the Allier department in central France. The central government decided to reorganize the regions of the country. As a result, Bellerive-sur-Allier was created in 2015.

There are several communes:

Jinusean

Jinusean is a South Korean hip-hop duo formed by YG Entertainment in 1997, and is known as YG's first major K-pop group. The group's debut song, "Tell Me", brought the group instant fame. After their album "Nora Bossa", in 2004, the group became inactive until 2015 when they returned with the single, "Tell Me One More Time", performed with (then) YG trainee, Jang Hana.


National Day of the People's Republic of China

National Day is a yearly holiday in the People's Republic of China. It celebrates the beginning of its new government on October1, 1949. It is one of two Golden Weeks in the country, along with the Chinese New Year.

The Mandarin Chinese name of the holiday is "Guóqìng Jié", which means "Nation-Celebrating Holiday" or "Holiday of National Celebration". It is written in traditional characters and in simplified characters. The holiday has also become a common given name in China, with around 420,000 people named "Guoqing" in 2010.

From at least the time of the Western Jin dynasty in the late 3rd century, the birthday of the emperor was celebrated as a national holiday. After the Xinhai Revolution, the Republic of China celebrated its national day on October10.

Near the end of the Chinese Civil War, Mao Zedong and the Chinese Communist Party began the People's Republic of China on September21, 1949. This is sometimes known as "Chinese Independence Day". The PRC leaders and 300,000 Chinese celebrated the creation of the new government on October1 in Tian'anmen Square. At the first meeting of the first CPPCC on Oct.9, Xu Guangping introduced Ma Xulun's suggestion that China have a yearly national day celebrated apart from the birthday of the Communist Party. They recommended it be October1, the day of Mao's public message. The Central People's Government passed their suggestion on December2, making Oct.1 a yearly holiday.

National Day was celebrated with military parades in Beijing every year from 1949 to 1959. By 1960, the problems during the Great Leap Forward caused the government to suggest saving money on celebrations. From 1960 to 1970, there were no military parades but the day was still celebrated with large gatherings in Tian'anmen Square. After the Ninth Congress, the big meetings in Beijing were discouraged in favor of smaller events at parks and other locations from 1971 to 1983. 1984 saw the first military parade in many years, celebrating the PRC's 35th anniversary. There was another large military parade at the 50th anniversary in 1999, and a third at the 60th anniversary in the year after the Beijing Olympics.

Since the year 2000, National Day has been one of the country's Golden Weeks: there are three days of paid time away from work from Oct.1 to Oct.3 and two weekends around it are moved to make a 7 day long holiday. These Golden Weeks copied a similar Japanese idea. The 2017 National Day was 8 days long, because it also included the Mid-Autumn Festival. In 2014, the day before National Day became Martyrs' Day, celebrating the soldiers and other Chinese who died creating the PRC.

National Day begins with the raising of the national flag at Tian'anmen Square in Beijing.

The holiday is associated with large military parades in Beijing. The leaders of the Chinese Communist Party give speeches and watch from Tian'anmen, the southern gate of the Forbidden City, and millions of Chinese people watch from Tian'anmen Square and on television. China no longer has these parades every year, but the idea now is to have a smaller parade every 5th anniversary and a larger parade every 10th anniversary. When these parades occur, the city tries very hard to keep everyone safe and to make the event look good. For the 2009 parade, the city police added 1,120,000 volunteers to patrol the streets. 50,000 policemen and women worked more than 25 hours without stopping for rest or sleep.

Every year, many large groups of flowers are put along Beijing's Chang'an Avenue. The 2017 centerpiece measured across its base and stood high. Lan Hailang and dozens of other designers and officials made it from April to September, with at least 70 big design changes. The finished designs should show how China is getting better and what it plans to do next. Parts of the 2017 flower designs show the Belt-and-Road Initiative to make China's connections with Central Asia better; other parts show ways Beijing and Tianjin are going to be better over the next few years.

There are state dinners in Beijing and at Chinese embassies around the world throughout the week.

In the evening, fireworks are set off in Beijing, Hong Kong, and other large cities. There are also some singing, dancing, painting, and calligraphy celebrations. In Shanghai, the Tourism Festival's Music Fireworks Festival happens during the weeklong holiday. It is one of Asia's largest fireworks shows.

The long holiday also helps Chinese tourism, with millions of people traveling around the country visiting family members or sightseeing. This leads to higher prices and crowds, though, so foreign visitors are usually encouraged to come at other times of the year instead. The 1st day of the 2017 National Day vacation set records for the national rail system: more than 15 million trips were taken over 24 hours.

Unlike traditional Chinese holidays, National Day is not associated with any special food.


Hollow structural section

A hollow structural section (HSS) is a type of metal profile with a hollow tubular cross section. The term is used predominantly in USA, or other countries which follow US construction or engineering terminology. In the UK, or other countries which follow British construction or engineering terminology, the term HSS is not used. Rather, the three basic shapes are referenced as CHS, SHS, and RHS, being circular, square, and rectangular hollow sections. Typically, these designations will also relate to metric sizes, thus the dimensions and tolerances differ slightly from HSS.


Structural pipe fitting

Structural pipe fitting is a pipe used for various structures.

A Structural pipe fitting, also known as a slip on pipe fitting, clamp or pipe clamp is used to build structures such as handrails, guardrails, and other types of pipe or tubular structure. They can also be used to build furniture and theatrical riggings. The fittings slip on the pipe and are usually locked down with a set screw. The set screw can then be tightened with a simple hex wench. Because of the modular design of standard fittings, assembly is easy, only simple hand tools are required, and risks from welding a structure are eliminated.
Other advantages of using structural pipe fittings are easy installation and reconfigurable design. Since there are no permanent welds in the structure, the set screws of the fittings can simply be loosened, allowing them to be repositioned. The project can be disassembled and stored if needed, or even taken apart with fittings and pipe recycled into a new project.
Fittings used for strong structures are galvanised malleable iron castings, and come in many styles such as elbows, tees, crosses, reducers and flanges. The fittings are not threaded; they simply lock onto the pipe with the supplied hex set screws.

Arrondissements of the Isère department

There are 3 arrondissements in the Isère department. The French departments, and in other countries, are divided into "arrondissements", which may be translated into English as districts (in some cases, as boroughs). The capital of an arrondissement is called a subprefecture.

If the prefecture (capital) of the department is in an arrondissement, that prefecture is the capital of the arrondissement, acting both as a prefecture and as a subprefecture.

Arrondissements are further divided into communes.

The 3 arrondissements of Isère are:

Since its creation, the Isère department has had some changes:


Perforated pipe

Perforated pipe is a pipe fitting that is made from perforated sheet and is often used as filter tubes but also used for various installments. It comes in various forms, mostly round and square sections.

Connie Hawkins

Cornelius Lance Hawkins (July 17, 1942 – October 6, 2017) was an American American Basketball League, National Basketball Association and American Basketball Association player, Harlem Globetrotter, Harlem Wizard and New York City playground legend. It was on the New York City courts that he earned his nickname The Hawk.

Hawkins was born in Brooklyn, New York. He studied at Iowa State University.


Jim Landis

James Henry Landis (March 9, 1934 – October 7, 2017) was an American professional baseball player. Landis played in Major League Baseball (MLB) as a center fielder on six teams from 1957 through 1967. 

Landis was born in Fresno, California. He was raised in Richmond, California. Landis studied at Contra Costa College.

While playing eight seasons for the Chicago White Sox, he was an American League (AL) All-Star in 1962 and an AL Gold Glove Award winner five consecutive seasons. Landis also played for the Kansas City Athletics, the Cleveland Indians, the Detroit Tigers, the Houston Astros, and for the Boston Red Sox.

Landis died at his Napa, California home on October 7, 2017 at the age of 83.


Harold Bloom

Harold Bloom (July 11, 1930 – October 14, 2019) was an American literary critic and Sterling Professor of Humanities at Yale University. 

Since the publication of his first book in 1959, Bloom has written more than forty books, including twenty books of literary criticism, several books talking about religion, and a novel. He has edited hundreds of anthologies about many literary and philosophical figures for the Chelsea House publishing firm. Bloom's books have been translated into more than 40 languages.

Bloom came to public attention in the United States as a commentator during the canon wars of the early 1990s.

Bloom died at a hospital in New Haven, Connecticut on October 14, 2019 at the age of 89.

Geoffrey Chater

Geoffrey Chater (23 March 1921 – 16 October 2021) was an English actor. He was born as Geoffrey Michael Chater Robinson. chater was born in Barnet, Hertfordshire. He has starred in both movies and television projects. His television credits include appearances in "The Champions", "Dad's Army", "Callan", "Mapp and Lucia", "Heartbeat", "Foyle's War", "One Foot in the Grave", and "Midsomer Murders".

He turned 100 in March 2021, and died on 16 October 2021.


Charles Harris (photographer)

Charles "Teenie" Harris (July 2, 1908–June 12, 1998) was an American photographer. The main things that he took pictures of were people in the city of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, US.

Harris was born in 1908 in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, USA. His father and mother had a hotel in the part of the city called the Hill District. Early in the 1930s, he bought his first camera. After that he opened a photography studio. He took pictures for the magazine Flash! From the 1936 to 1975 Harris took photos of those living in the black neighborhoods of the city. Another publication called the "Pittsburgh Courier published his photographs. People called him ""One Shot" because he did not make people sit for a long time when he took their photos. He took more than 80,000 pictures in his life. 

He wasn't like other well-know photographers. Other photographers either took portraits or photographs of other places. Harris was unusual because taking photographs was part of his regular job in one city. His photos were not often seen in other places until after his death in 1998.

He took photos of famous people that visited Pittsburgh like:  Louis Armstrong, Duke Ellington, Billy Eckstine, Lena Horne, Sarah Vaughan, Sam Cooke, Cab Calloway, Ray Charles, Charlie Parker, Muhammad Ali, Joe Louis, Eleanor Roosevelt, John F. Kennedy, Martin Luther King, Dwight Eisenhower, Richard Nixon, and Dizzy Gillespie.

Harris also photographed famous Negro League baseball players of the Homestead Grays and Pittsburgh Crawfords. Harris himself played baseball for the Crawfords when they were known as the Crawford Colored Giants.

He let another businessman, Dennis Morgan sell his photographs in 1986. Harris filed a lawsuit in 1998 for unpaid royalties and the return of his collection. He won the case after he died. The Carnegie Museum of Art purchased the collection from the Harris estate in 2001.

Since 2003, the museum has scanned and cataloged nearly 60,000 images. Many of these are available online. Many people help to identify the people in his photographs.

Harris is buried in Pittsburgh's Homewood Cemetery.


Inma Cuesta

Inma Cuesta is a Spanish actress. 

Robotboy

Robotboy is a British-French animated television series produced by Alphanim for Cartoon Network in the United Kingdom.


List of Robotboy episodes

Vijayanagara architecture

The Vijayanagara architecture Empire built all of their buildings, monuments, shrines and statues out of stone which were very intricately and elaborately carved with designs of gods and stories of famous heroes. All these were built in Dravidian style which was a common style of building then

Wilhelm Mohnke

Wilhelm Mohnke (1911 in Lübeck – 2001 in Damp near Eckernförde) was a German officer of the Waffen-SS with the rank of SS-Brigadeführer (equivalent to Brigadier).

He was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross for service in the German retreat from France in 1944. He was the commander of the defense of the central government area in the Battle of Berlin, 1945. 

Mohnke led the 5th company of the 2nd Battalion of the Infanterie-Regiment Leibstandarte SS Adolf Hitler, at the outset of the Battle of France in 1940. He took command of the 2nd Battalion on 28 May after the battalion commander was wounded. It was around this time that Mohnke was allegedly involved in the murder of 80 British prisoners of war (POWs) of the 48th South Midland Infantry Division.
Mohnke was noted to be one of the last commanders to act upon orders issued by Hitler himself prior to his suicide.

Aziz Sancar

Aziz Sancar (born September 8, 1946) is a Turkish chemist. He received the 2015 Nobel Prize in Chemistry together with Tomas Lindahl and Paul Modrich for mechanistic studies of DNA repair.

He was born in Savur, Turkey.

Arrondissement of Grenoble

The arrondissement of Grenoble is an arrondissement of France. It is part of the Isère "département", Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region. Its capital, and the prefecture of the department, is the city of Grenoble.

When the Isère department was created in 1790, the "arrondissement" of Grenoble was part of that original department.

The "arrondissement" of Grenoble is bordered to the north and northeast by the Savoie department, to the east and southeast by the Hautes-Alpes department, to the south and west by the Drôme department, and to the northwest by the "arrondissements" of Vienne and La Tour-du-Pin.

It is in the southern half of the department and is the largest "arrondissement" with an area of , and the one with more people living in it with 758,956 inhabitants and a density of inhabitants/km².

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

In the "arrondissement" of Grenoble there are 19 cantons:
The "arrondissement" of Grenoble has 267 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes):
The "communes" with more inhabitants in the "arrondissement" are:


Washington SyCip

Washington Z. SyCip, (30 June 1921 – 7 October 2017) was a Filipino-American accountant. He was the founder of the Asian Institute of Management and the accounting firm SGV & Company. He was born in Manila, Philippines. 

SyCip fought in World War II. He became a United States citizen in 1943.

SyCip died of a heart attack on 7 October 2017 near New York City while on a flight traveling from Montreal to Manila at the age of 96.

Slim Chaker

Slim Chaker (24 August 1961 – 8 October 2017) was a Tunisian politician. He was born in Sfax, Tunisia. He was a member of the Nidaa Tounes party.

Chaker served on the cabinet of Moncef Marzouki and Beji Caid Essebsi. He served as Minister of Public Health for a few months in 2017. He also served as Minister of Finance from 2015 to 2016 and Minister of Youth and Sports for a few months in 2011.

Chaker died in Tunis, Tunisia from a heart attack after taking part at a marathon on 8 October 2017 at the age of 56.

Birgitta Ulfsson

Birgitta Margaretha Ulfsson, (1 July 1928 – 8 October 2017) was a Finnish actress and theater director. She was born in Helsinki. She started her career at Svenska Teatern, a theater in Helsinki for Swedish-language theater productions. She later moved on to Lilla teatern.

Between 1952 and 1984 she was married to actor Lasse Pöysti. She was known for her narrator role for the television series "Rederiet".

Ulfsson died in Helsinki on 8 October 2017 at the age of 89.

Tiananmen

The Tiananmen is a monument in Beijing, China. It is widely used as a national symbol of China. It was built during the Ming dynasty in 1420. Tiananmen was the entrance to the Imperial City, within which the Forbidden City was located. Tiananmen is located to the north of Tiananmen Square, separated from the plaza by Chang'an Avenue.

The Chinese name for the gate (天安门/天安門) uses the Chinese characters for "heaven" (天), "peace" (安), and "gate" (门/門). This is why the name is usually translated as the "Gate of Heavenly Peace".

Abacab

Abacab is the eleventh studio album by Genesis. The album was released on September 24, 1981 through Atlantic Records.

All music written by Tony Banks, Phil Collins, and Mike Rutherford, except where noted. All songs arranged and performed by Genesis. Lyricists specified below.

Neustrelitz

Neustrelitz is a town in the south of Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania and the old capital city of the grand duchy Mecklenburg-Strelitz. Neustrelitz is 30 kilometers away from Neubrandenburg.

About 21,000 people were living there in 2016.

Alan Hawkins (athlete)

Alan Hawkins (born 1964/65) is an English Australian Masters athletics javelin thrower and an AA2 javelin coach. Hawkins represents track and field club Athletics Chilwell in the Victorian Athletic League affiliated with Athletics Australia. In the 2015 World Masters Athletics Rankings, Hawkins was placed at number 1 in Australia and number 1 continentally (Oceania), as well as number 34 in the world.





Hamish Nelson

Hamish Nelson (born 31 October 1988) is an Australian Track and Field athlete specializing in Decathlon. His Athletics club is Geelong Guild Athletics club. He represented Australia at Youth level at the 2005 World Youth Championships in Morocco, as well as Open Men's level at the 2007 Melanesian Championships in Athletics in Australia. Nelson is a multi-sport athlete, being a member of Geelong Hockey Club.



Martin Jackson (athlete)

Martin Jackson also known as Marty Jackson (born 18 February 1978) is an Australian Paralympic Shot Put and Discus Thrower. He is coached by former New Zealand Paralympian John Eden. Jackson competes for Athletics Chilwell. He is a multi-sport athlete, having previously played Grid Iron. Whilst playing, he sustained an injury during a misguided tackle, which caused a knee dislocation. It led to sensory ataxia/loss of proprioception and partial paralysis lower left leg. He represented Australia at the 2016 Oceania/Melanesian Championships in Fiji and the 2017 World Para Athletics Championships in London. Jackson competed in the F38 classified Shot Put event at the 2017 World Para Athletics Championships. He competed in the event alongside compatriot Cameron Crombie, Iran's Javad Hardani and Sweden's Victor Svanesohn, finishing in 4th place behind the three of them with a throw of 13.31 metres. On 7 October 2017, Jackson increased his Personal Best from 13.47m to 13.49m during a regional competition in at John Landy Athletics Field in Geelong.


Runcorn

Runcorn is a town in Cheshire, England. It is located within the Borough of Halton. In 2010 about 61,000 people lived there. It is on the southern bank of the River Mersey.

Halton Castle is the main landmark of the town. The Norton Priory is an important historical site in the town.

Dragon Boat Festival

The Dragon Boat Festival is a yearly holiday in the People's Republic of China. It celebrates Qu Yuan, a writer and a government leader who lived a long time ago and died because he loved his country very much. The Dragon Boat Festival is always on the 5th day of the 5th month of China's old calendar, but—because that calendar is based on changes in the moon and not the sun—it is not always on the same day of the new calendar. The old calendar adds a 13th month when it is very different from the seasons, though, so the Dragon Boat Festival is always in late spring.

In Chinese, the Dragon Boat Festival is usually called "Duānwǔ Jié", which means the "Holiday of Welcoming the Seventh". This name is based on the old calendar, which used a group of 12 names as a kind of week. Chinese people write it in traditional characters and in simplified characters.

A long time ago in China, this holiday may have celebrated the harvest of "winter wheat" or dragon gods with power over rivers and seas. By the time of Sima Qian, an important writer of history who lived around 100, different people used the festival to remember Qu Yuan, Wu Zixu, or Cao E. Today, most Chinese people are taught that the holiday remembers Qu Yuan.

Qu Yuan was an important writer of poems who lived around 300. He lived at a time when the government of China was very weak and all its different parts began to say they were different countries. Qu Yuan's part was called Chu, and its king Xiong Huai was so powerful that he controlled Hubei, Hunan, Jiangxi, and most of the places around them. King Huai listened to other leaders who said bad things about Qu Yuan and made him move to the countryside twice. King Huai also made other mistakes that also hurt Chu. The second time that Qu Yuan was sent away, he wrote a long poem about his sadness and then killed himself by walking into the Miluo River with a heavy stone. People don't agree about exactly why he did this but most think it was because of sadness for his country or a last try to make his king pay attention to his many mistakes.

The Republic of China celebrated the Dragon Boat Festival as to celebrate Qu Yuan and other Chinese writers.

For a long time, the People's Republic of China did not pay attention to the Dragon Boat Festival but, in 2005, it was one of three traditional Chinese holidays approved for celebration. Since 2008, it has been a national holiday.

All over China, people make and eat little pyramids of sticky rice called zongzis to celebrate the Dragon Boat Festival. In southern China, some people also race dragon boats in rivers or in the sea. Both traditions are said to have started when local people ran to the Miluo River to throw zongzis around Qu Yuan's body to protect it from fish and dragons.

There are also some older traditions to get ready for the Chinese summer, like drinking rice wine with pesticides to avoid snakes and mosquitos. These are less common today.

Wacław Józef Świerzawski

Wacław Józef Swierzawski (14 May 1927 – 7 October 2017) was a Polish Roman Catholic bishop. He was ordained to the priesthood in 1949, Swierzawski served as bishop of the Diocese of Sandomierz, Poland, from 1992 to 2002.

Swierzawski died on 7 October 2017 in Zawichost, Poland at the age of 90.

Obudu

Obudu is a tourist location that has several resorts in Cross River State, Nigeria.

Malans

Malans is a municipality of the district of Landquart in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland.

Labaroche

Labaroche is a commune in the Haut-Rhin department of east France.

Kadayam

Kadayam is a small town located in the Tirunelveli district of Tamil Nadu (India).

Das Kapital

Das Kapital is a written work created by philosopher Karl Marx first published on 14 September 1867 explaining capitalism and its issues such as values, commodity fetishism, exploitation and colonization.

"Archived copy".  Archived from the original on 6 July 2013.  Retrieved 19 May 2017.

Rem Koolhaas

Remment Lucas "Rem" Koolhaas (; born as Remko L. Olhaas, 17 November 1944 in Rotterdam) is a Dutch architect, architectural theorist, urbanist and Professor in Practice of Architecture and Urban Design at the Graduate School of Design at Harvard University. Koolhaas went to the Architectural Association School of Architecture in London and the Cornell University in Ithaca, New York. Koolhaas is the founding partner of OMA, and of its research-oriented counterpart AMO based in Rotterdam, the Netherlands. In 2005, he co-founded "Volume Magazine" together with Mark Wigley and Ole Bouman.

He is thought of as one of the most important architectural thinkers and urbanists of his generation. In 2000, Rem Koolhaas won the Pritzker Prize. In 2008, "Time" put him in their top 100 of "The World's Most Influential People".

Richard Thaler

Richard H. Thaler (; born September 12, 1945) is an American economist of Jewish descent.

He is best known for being a theorist in behavioral finance. He was awarded the 2017 Nobel Prize in Economics for improving behavioral economics.

Chinese National Day

Chinese National Day is the national day of China. It may mean:


In old China, it may also refer to the emperor's birthday.

Vettabbia Canal

The Vettabbia Canal, known in Italian as the Naviglio Vettabbia, is a canal in the southern part of Milan, a city in northern Italy.

The ancient Romans built the canal to bring water to the city. Today farmers use it to irrigate their crops. Part of the canal is now underground. There are two large parks along the banks of the canal where it comes above the ground. One park is called the "Parco della Vettabbia". Near the park is a famous abbey called the "Abbazia di Chiaravalle". The abbey was built in the 12th century. The other park is called the "Parco Ripamonti".

Arrondissement of La Tour-du-Pin

The arrondissement of La Tour-du-Pin is an arrondissement of France. It is part of the Isère "département", Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region. Its capital, and a subprefecture of the department, is the city of La Tour-du-Pin.

When the Isère department was created in 1790, the "arrondissement" of La Tour-du-Pin was part of that original department.

The "arrondissement" of La Tour-du-Pin is bordered to the north and northeast by the Ain department, to the east by the Savoie department, to the south by the "arrondissement" of Grenoble, to the west by the "arrondissement" of Vienne, and to the northwest by the Rhône department.

It is in the northeast of the department and is the second largest "arrondissement" with an area of , and the second in population with 270,681 inhabitants and a density of inhabitants/km².

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

In the "arrondissement" of La Tour-du-Pin there are 8 cantons:
The "arrondissement" of La Tour-du-Pin has 137 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes):
The "communes" with more inhabitants in the "arrondissement" are:


Sylke Tempel

Sylke Tempel (30 May 1963 – 5 October 2017) was a German author and journalist. 

At the time of her death, she had been the editor-in-chief of the foreign policy magazine "Internationale Politik" since 2008. She was born in Bayreuth. She covered a range of events such as the Oslo I Accord, the Intifada and the assassination of Israeli Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin in 1995. In 2003, she was a recipient of the Quadriga award.

Tempel was a reporter for the publications "Profil", "Facts" and "Der Tagesspiegel", among others. She also wrote a number of young adult novels, published by "Rowohlt Berlin", a part of Rowohlt Verlag.

On 5 October 2017, she died in Tegel, a neighborhood of Berlin, during Storm Xavier when she was struck by a tree and died from her injuries. She was 54.

Armando Calderón Sol

Armando Calderón Sol (June 24, 1948 – October 9, 2017) was a Salvadorian politician. He served as President of El Salvador from June 1, 1994 to June 1, 1999, representing the Nationalist Republican Alliance (ARENA).

Calderón Sol died on 9 October 2017 of lung cancer at a Houston, Texas hospital at the age of 69.


Savur

Savur is a district of Mardin Province in Turkey. It is also the name of a town in that district.

Nobel laureate Aziz Sancar was born in this district in 1946.

Rafe Mair

Rafe Mair (31 December 1931 – 9 October 2017) was a Canadian lawyer, political commentator and former radio personality and politician in British Columbia, Canada. He served as member of the British Columbia Legislative Assembly for Kamloops from 1975 through 1983. He served as a member of the British Columbia Social Credit Party.

Mair died on 9 October 2017 in Vancouver at the age of 85.


Arrondissement of Vienne

The arrondissement of Vienne is an arrondissement of France. It is part of the Isère "département", Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region. Its capital, and a subprefecture of the department, is the city of Vienne.

When the Isère department was created in 1790, the "arrondissement" of Vienne was part of that original department.

The "arrondissement" of Vienne is bordered to the north by the Rhône department, to the east by the "arrondissement" of La Tour-du-Pin, to the southeast by the "arrondissement" of Grenoble, to the south by the Drôme department, to the southwest by the Ardèche department, and to the west by the Loire department.

It is in the northwest of the department and is the smallest "arrondissement" with an area of , and the one with fewest people living in it, with a population of 213,960 inhabitants and a density of inhabitants/km².

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

In the "arrondissement" of Vienne there are 6 cantons:


The "arrondissement" of Vienne has 177 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes):
The "communes" with more inhabitants in the "arrondissement" are:


Avril Lavigne (album)

Avril Lavigne is the fifth studio album by Avril Lavigne. Avril Lavigne is a Canadian singer-songwriter. Sony Music Entertainment and Epic Records released the album on November 1, 2013. Lavigne worked with many producers to make the album, such as Martin Johnson, Peter Svensson, David Hodges, Matt Squire and Chad Kroeger. The album has different music and lyrics compared to her previous album, "Goodbye Lullaby" (2011)"." It has a more pop and upbeat sound, along with power and piano ballads. It also includes electronic music, industrial rock and punk rock. The album has singing by Kroeger and Marilyn Manson. This is her only album released by Epic Records.


Atherton, California

Atherton is an incorporated town in San Mateo County, California, United States. At the 2020 census, 7,188 people lived there. Atherton is one of the richest cities in the United States, and is regularly ranked among the most expensive ZIP codes in the country. It was founded in 1923.

San Mateo County, California

San Mateo County ( ; Spanish for "Saint Matthew") is a county in the U.S. state of California. As of the 2020 census, the population was 764,442. The county seat is Redwood City. The county is in the San Francisco Bay Area region. It is on the San Francisco Peninsula.

Riigikogu

The Riigikogu is the parliament of Estonia. Today the Riigikogu has 101 seats.

The Estonian word "riigikogu" is cognate to the German word "Reichstag".

Blade Runner 2049

Blade Runner 2049 is a 2017 American neo-noir science fiction movie directed by Denis Villeneuve and written by Hampton Fancher and Michael Green. A sequel to "Blade Runner" (1982), the movie stars Ryan Gosling and Harrison Ford, with Ana de Armas, Sylvia Hoeks, Robin Wright, Mackenzie Davis, Carla Juri, Lennie James, Dave Bautista and Jared Leto in supporting roles.

Set thirty years after the original film, the story depicts a replicant blade runner named K, who discovers the remains of a once-pregnant replicant. To prevent a possible war between species, K is secretly tasked with finding the child and destroying all evidence related to it, leading him to discover that the child bears a connection to missing blade runner Deckard.

"Blade Runner 2049" premiered in Los Angeles on October 3, 2017 and was released in the United States on October 6, 2017, in 2D, 3D and IMAX. The movie received acclaim from critics, with some regarding it as one of the best sequels ever made.


Hans Fallada

Hans Fallada, born as "Rudolf Wilhelm Friedrich Ditzen", (July 21, 1893 in Greifswald - February 5, 1947 in Berlin) was a German writer and politician.

Famous works from him are "Kleiner Mann - was nun? (Little Man, What Now?)", "Jeder stirbt für sich allein (Every man dies alone)", "Wolf unter Wölfen (Wolf Among Wolves)" and "Der Alpdruck (Nightmare in Berlin)".

In 1945 (after the Surrender of Germany) he was mayor of the village of Feldberg in the south of Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania.

He was also a beekeeper.

He had 3 children. The name of his first wife was Anna Ditzen, while the name of his second wife was Ulla Losch.

There is a Hans-Fallada-Haus in the village of Carwitz.

Scriptio continua

Scriptio continua (Latin for "continuous script") is a style of writing that does not use spaces, different letter cases, or punctuation to tell apart words, phrases, or sentences. It was a common way of writing for texts in Ancient Greek and Classical Latin. 

Although spoken Greek and Latin did use punctuation to tell words apart, "scriptio continua" was used to save space and ink. 

Use of "scriptio continua" became less common after the fall of the Roman Empire, and spaces began to appear between words. The first known documents that used spacing were Irish and Anglo-Saxon Bibles and Gospels. However, "scriptio continua" is still used for the writing systems for several modern languages, including Southeast Asian abugidas like Thai, Lao, Khmer, Burmese, Javanese, Balinese, and Tibetan. Languages that use the Chinese character system like Chinese and Japanese sometimes use "scriptio continua", even though modern Chinese and Japanese stopped using it when they adopted punctuation during the 19th and 20th centuries.

One of the things to be noticed is the change from professional scribes to general literacy, which occurred in all languages. In other words, writing went from being something only a few people were trained to being something most people would be able to do. The growth of literacy is the main indirect reason why most modern languages have punctuation.

The first sentence below is the first sentence of Ovid's Metamorphoses written in Latin using "scriptio continua" writing, the second is the same sentence written in Latin using spaces, punctuation and cases, and the third is an English translation. In all the Latin sentences, all the letter U's have been replaced with letter V's.

The first sentence is the biblical verse John 3:16 in the King James Version written in English using "scriptio continua" writing, and the second is the same sentence written in English using spaces, punctuation and cases.
Due to the internet, modern English developed a form of "scriptio continua" through email and URL web addresses. Since spaces are invalid characters, the URL for the website "Example Fake Website" would be examplefakewebsite.com.

Chinese had no sort of punctuation until the 20th century, and only added punctuation because of their interactions with Western countries. Chinese is still fairly readable even without punctuation and spacing because each Chinese character represents an entire word or morpheme (the smallest meaningful units of language) instead of single sounds like an alphabet.

The first sentence below is a sentence written in modern Chinese, the second is the same sentence using "scriptio continua" writing, the third is the sentence written with spaces in between the words, the fourth is the sentence written in Hanyu Pinyin, and the fifth is the sentence translated into English.

Like Chinese, Japanese also does not use spacing in its writing. Even though Japanese also uses many Chinese characters (called kanji in Japanese) in its writing, the two languages are actually very different from each other. When Japanese was first written, it was written entirely in kanji and man'yogana (kanji used only for writing the sounds of Japanese). Chinese characters could be used to either tell a words' pronunciation or its meaning, so it made Japanese very hard to read. Even native Japanese speakers had a hard time reading ancient Japanese writings.

Later during the 10th century, the Japanese created different sound-based systems to write more quickly and to tell apart phonetic-loan characters and semantic-based characters more easily. These writing systems are called kana.

Today Japanese uses three different writing systems, kanji for showing the meanings of words, and hiragana and katakana for showing the sounds of words. While Japanese does not use spacing, native Japanese speakers can still tell apart words quickly because the three different types of writing look quite different from each other, and each writing system is usually used for a certain kind of word. Kanji is usually used to write native Japanese words, Chinese loanwords, and the roots of content words (nouns, adjective, adjectives, adverbs). Hiragana is usually used for common phrases, particles, and the inflections of content words. Katakana is usually used for loanwords from languages other than Chinese, onomatopoeia, and for extra emphasis.

Also like Chinese, it used no punctuation until after it had major interactions with Western countries, and it did not have any punctuation until the Meiji Period, when Japan quickly modernized.

The first sentence below is sentence written in Japanese using hiragana, katakana and kanji without spaces between words. The second is written in hiragana, katakana and kanji with spaces in between words (including particles). The third is written only in hiragana and katakana. The fourth is written entirely in romaji (Japanese written in the Latin alphabet). The fifth is the sentence translated translated in English. The sixth is written using "scriptio continua" entirely in kanji and man'yōgana.

Unlike most modern languages, Thai is still written without punctuation or spaces most of the time. Only clauses, rather than single words or phrases, are set apart by spaces. Since Thai has strict syllable structure rules, trained readers of Thai can recognize single words even without spaces. The syllable structure of a Thai word is C¹(C²)V(C³), which means that only two consonants can come before the vowel and one consonant can come after the vowel. For example, the clause สวัสดีครับ "s(à)wàtdeekráp" is made of four syllables, but if they were written with spaces between syllables, it would be written as ส วัส ดี ครับ "s(à) wàt dee kráp". The syllable structure of the four words in the same order are


Even if a word or syllable is spelled without any vowels written, an inherent vowel must still be spoken. For example, the word มด would be written as "md" if written the Roman alphabet, but it must be pronounced as "mót" /mot/, since the vowel /ɔ/ or /a/ must be spoken for any Thai word with no written vowel.

Below is a greeting in Thai, first written in Thai with no spaces, second written in Thai with spaces, third written in Thai written in the Roman alphabet, fourth an English translation. 


Pennant Hills, New South Wales

Pennant Hills is a suburb located in the Northern Suburbs of Sydney, Australia.

École nationale supérieure des mines de Paris

Mines ParisTech (officially École nationale supérieure des mines de Paris, English: Paris School of Mines, also known as École des mines de Paris, ENSMP, Mines Paris or les Mines) is a engineering graduate school in France. It is in a campus of the PSL Reseach University (Northern France).

Its different curricula lead to the following French & European degrees :

Academic activities and industrial applied research are performed mainly in French and English languages. Students from a dozen of nationalities participate to the different curricula at Mines ParisTech.

Admission to the Mines ParisTech engineering Programme implemented at Mines ParisTech is possible after two/three year scientific undergraduate studies.

The Mines ParisTech Programme typically lasts three years and results in a master's degree, augmented with international experience. Thus undergraduate studies + the Mines Programme account for more than a cumulated 300 ECTS credits as applicable in the European education system.

Research activities at Mines ParisTech relate to the following topics:



Wikimedia Bangladesh

Wikimedia Bangladesh Foundation (aka Wikimedia Bangladesh or WikimediaBD) is a registered charity established in Bangladesh who work to support volunteers on Wikimedia projects such as Wikipedia. It is a Wikimedia chapter approved by the Wikimedia Foundation. It has a temporary office in Dhaka, Bangladesh.


South Luzon Expressway

The South Luzon Expressway, more commonly known by its abbreviation SLEx or SLEX, is a controlled-access highway in the Philippines. It connects the National Capital Region (or Metro Manila) to the provinces of the southern part of Luzon, the main island in the country. Measuring 51 kilometers or 32 miles long, it starts at an intersection with Quirino Avenue in the district of Paco in Manila. It then passes through the settlements of Makati, Pasay, Parañaque, Taguig, and Valenzuela in the capital area and the provinces of Cavite and Laguna in Southern Luzon. It ends at an exit in the settlement of Santo Tomas in the province of Batangas, where it continues as Southern Tagalog Arterial Road (or better known as STAR Tollway).

Pulilan

Pulilan is a municipality (or a town) in the province of Bulacan, Philippines. It lies 50 kilometers northwest of Manila and is located at the west-central part of the province. It is surrounded by the settlements of Apalit in Pampanga; by Baliuag in the north; by Plaridel in the south; and by Calumpit in the west.

According to the 2015 national census (a total count of the country's population) of the Philippines, it has 97,323 people.

The town is famous for its Carabao Festival, which happens once a year in May. This is where the carabaos (a kind of water buffalo in the Philippines) are walked together on the streets and kneel as they pass in front of San Isidro Labrador Parish Church, in honor to Saint Isidore the Laborer, the town's patron saint.

Pulilan is divided into 19 barangays (villages). These barangays are:


Yamato kotoba

Yamato kotoba (kanji: 大和言葉, hiragana: やまとことば) are words that are native to the Japanese language. The word itself is also a native Japanese word, interestingly enough. Yamato kotoba can also be called by its Chinese based name, wago (kanji: 和語, hiragana: わご). It is one of the three main sources of Japanese words, along with "kango" (kanji: 漢語, hiragana: かんご), or Chinese loanwords, and "gairaigo" (kanji: 外来語, hiragana: がいらいご), or loanwords borrowed from languages other than Chinese (especially English since the post-WWII era).

Yamato kotoba in Japanese has much in common with native English words in that most of the everyday vocabulary comes from yamato kotoba, while Chinese loanwords words (much like Latin and French loanwords in English) are used for more formal situations (usually writing) and for specialized terms.

Usually, words with only one kanji are yamato kotoba, such as "katana" (kanji: 刀, hiragana: かたな, meaning: sword), "sakana" (kanji: 魚, hiragana: さかな, meaning: fish), "kami" (kanji: 紙, hiragana: かみ, meaning: paper), "yama" (kanji: 山, hiragana: やま, meaning: mountain) "te" (kanji: 手, hiragana: て, meaning: hand), and "oyogu" (kanji and hiragana: 泳ぐ, hiragana only: およぐ, meaning: to swim). Most kanji (the Japanese version of Chinese characters) have two different kinds of pronunciation, on'yomi (the pronunciation of the kanji borrowed from Chinese) and kun'yomi (the native pronunciation of Japanese words that use the kanji). Yamato kotoba words use the kanji's kun'yomi.

Since on'yomi came from Chinese monosyllables (words with only one syllable), they themselves are also only one syllable, and like Chinese, they can have a CV or CVC structure. For example, the on'yomi for the following kanji 刀, 魚, 紙, 山, 手, and 泳 are "tō, shi, san, shu, and ei." However, kun'yomi can have one or multiple syllables, and those syllables are usually a CV structure, like the examples given above.

Since Japanese uses three different writing systems interchangeably, even yamato kotoba can be written in several different ways. For example, the word "sushi" can be written entirely in hiragana as すし, entirely in katakana as スシ, in kanji as 鮨 or 鮓, or in ateji (kanji used only to show a word's pronunciation and not its meaning) as 寿司 or 壽司.

Kanji usually show the root meaning of the word. While nouns are usually written only with kanji, they can also be written in kana if they are very common words, like "sushi", or if their kanji is not well known, not part of the "jōyō kanji" (a standard list of 1,945 kanji all Japanese adults are expected to know) or too difficult to remember how to write, like "bara," whose kanji is 薔薇, but is usually only written as ばら in hiragana or as バラ in katakana. 

Japanese also invented many of its own kanji to name things that could be found in Japan, but not China (usually plants and animals). These are called "kokuji" (kanji: 国字, hiragana: こくじ) meaning "national characters", or "wasei-kanji" (kanji: 和製漢字, hiragana: わせいかんじ) meaning "Japanese-made Chinese characters". "Kokuji" include the names of fish like "iwashi" (kanji: 鰯, hiragana: いわし, meaning: sardine), "tara" (kanji: 鱈, hiragana: たら, meaning: codfish), and "kisu" (kanji: 鱚, hiragana: きす, meaning: sillago), and trees like "kashi" (kanji: 樫, hiragana: かし, meaning: evergreen oak), "sugi" (kanji: 椙, hiragana: すぎ, meaning: Japanese cedar), and "kaba" or "momiji" (kanji: 椛, hiragana: かば/もみじ, meaning: birch/maple). Most "kokuji" only have kun'yomi because they are "yamato kotoba", but some kanji also have on'yomi, like 働 (on'yomi: dō どう, kun'yomi: hatara(ku) はたら(く), meaning: work), and some have only on'yomi, like 腺 (on'yomi: sen せん, meaning: gland). 

Other content words like verbs, adjectives, and adverbs are usually written in a combination of kanji and hiragana, where the root of the word is written in kanji and the inflectional morphemes (the parts of the word that don't change the central meaning of the word's root) are written in hiragana. For example, the native Japanes verb meaning "to swim" is "oyogu" in its plain form, where it is written as 泳ぐ in kanji and hiragana. The kanji 泳 shows the verb's meaning, while ぐ (gu) as in "oyo-gu" shows that the word is in its plain form. The polite form of "to swim" is "oyogimasu", which is written as 泳ぎます in kanji and hiragana. Once again, it has the same kanji, but it ends with different syllables ぎます (gi-ma-su) as in "oyo-gimasu" to show that the word is in the polite form. Native Japanese adjectives usually end in with the syllable い ("-i)," like the word "hayai" (kanji and hiragana: 速い, hiragana only: はやい, meaning: fast), "takai" (kanji and hiragana: 高い, hiragana only: たかい, meaning: tall, high), and "ookii" (kanji and hiragana: 大きい, hiragana only: おおきい, meaning: big or large), while native Japanese adverbs are simply adjectives that end in く ("-ku") rather than い, like "hayaku　"(kanji and hiragana: 速く, hiragana only: はやく, meaning: quickly).

Nouns based on adjectives end with the syllable さ ("-sa"), as in "hayasa" (kanji and hiragana: 速さ, hiragana only: はやさ, meaning: speed), "takasa" (kanji and hiragana: 高さ, hiragana only: たかさ, meaning: height), and "ookisa" (kanji and hiragana: 大きさ, hiragana only: おおきさ, meaning: size/largeness).

Sometimes, native Japanese nouns can be written with multiple kanji. These are usually proper nouns like family names or place names. Japanese family names are usually "yamato kotoba", like Tanaka (kanji: 田中, hiragana: たなか), Yamamoto (kanji: 山本, hiragana: やまもと), and Kobayashi (kanji: 小林, hiragana: こばやし). Most Japanese place names are also "yamoto kotoba", like Ōsaka (kanji: 大阪, hiragana: おおさか), Ehime (kanji: 愛媛, hiragana: えひめ), and Hiroshima (kanji: 広島, hiragana: ひろしま), although there are also plenty of Japanese places with Chinese-based names, like Tōkyō (kanji: 東京, hiragana: とうきょう), Mt. Fuji or "Fuji-san" (kanji: 富士山, hiragana:ふじさん), and Honshū (kanji: 本州, hiragana: ほんしゅう).

While usually cardinal numbers (numbers for measuring things) in Japanese are based off of Chinese words, most ordinal numbers (numbers for ordering things) and even certain measure words use native Japanese words. The following table has Sino-Japanese numerals (Japanese numbers based on Chinese) on the left and native Japanese numerals on the right.

YG Entertainment

YG Entertainment is a South Korean entertainment company which was founded in 1996. It was founded by Yang Hyun-suk and the current CEO as of 2022 is Hwang Bo-kyung. 

Groups
Sub-units

Soloists

Record Producers
THEBLACKLABEL

List of actors under YG.


2PM

2PM is a 6-member K-pop group formed under JYP Entertainment as the counterpart to 2AM. The group debuted in 2008 with the song, "10 out of 10". After two singles, member Jay Park left the group due to growing controversy over his opinions on the 2PM fans. The members began their military service in 2017.

Korean albums

Japanese albums

Cheyenne people

The Cheyenne (/ʃaɪˈæn/ "shy-AN") are a people of the Great Plains. The language they use, the Cheyenne language, is part of the Algonquian language group. Now, the Cheyenne people are broken into two nations seen by the government: the Southern Cheyenne, who are part of the Cheyenne and Arapaho Tribes in Oklahoma, and the Northern Cheyenne, who represent the Northern Cheyenne Tribe of the Northern Cheyenne Indian Reservation in Montana. The Cheyenne comprise two Native American tribes, the Só'taeo'o or Só'taétaneo'o (usually spelled as Suhtai or Sutaio) and the Tsétsêhéstâhese (also spelled as Tsitsistas, like [t͡sɪt͡shɪstʰɑs]). The tribes connected in the early 19th century.
At the time of their first European contact, the Cheyenne lived in what is now Minnesota. They were close allies of the Arapaho and loosely aligned with the Lakota. By the early 18th century, they were forced west across the Missouri River and into North and South Dakota, where they adopted the horse culture. After settling the Black Hills of South Dakota and the Powder River Country of present-day Montana and Wyoming, they introduced the horse culture to Lakota people around 1730. With the Arapaho, the Cheyenne pushed the Kiowa to the Southern Plains. In turn, they were pushed west by the more numerous Lakota.

Mitchell County, Iowa

Mitchell County is a county located in Iowa.

List of provinces of Turkey

Turkey is divided into seven regions which are further divided into provinces. The following is an alphabetical list of the eighty one Provinces of Turkey:


Kazys Almenas

Kazys Almenas (11 April 1935 – 7 October 2017) was a Lithuanian physicist, writer, essayist, and publisher. He was born in Gruzdžiai, Šiauliai County, Lithuania. Almenas wrote the novels "Upė į Rytus, upė į Šiaurę" (1964), "Šienapjūtė" (1970), "Sauja skatikų" (1977), and "Lietingos dienos Palangoje" (1988) and the collections of short stories "Bėgiai" (1965) and "Gyvenimas tai kekė vyšnių" (1967), "Vaivos juosta" (2014).

Almenas studied at the University of Nebraska and Northwestern University.

Almenas died on 7 October 2017 in Vilnius, Lithuania at the age of 82.

Ole Krarup

Ole Krarup (17 March 1935 – 7 October 2017) was a Danish EU politician. He was a former professor of law at the University of Copenhagen. He was born in Aarhus, Denmark.

From 1994 through 2006, he was Member of the European Parliament with the Folkebevægelsen mod EU (People's Movement against the EU), a member of the Bureau of the European United Left - Nordic Green Left and sat on the European Parliament's Committee on Civil Liberties, Justice and Home Affairs and its Committee on Budgetary Control.

Krarup resigned as an MEP on 1 January 2007 due to medical consequences after a traffic accident while riding his bicycle in Strasbourg in 2006.

Krarup died on 7 October 2017 in Copenhagen, Denmark from complications of pneumonia at the age of 82.

László Aradszky

László Aradszky (20 September 1935 – 8 October 2017) was a Hungarian pop singer. He became successful in the 1960s after participation in the talent show "Táncdalfesztivál". He was born in Budapest, Hungary.

Aradszky died in Budapest on 8 October 2017 at the age of 82.

Sidhi

Sidhi is a city and a municipality in Sidhi district in the Indian state of Madhya Pradesh. It is the headquarters of the Sidhi district. In 2001, 45,664 people lived there.

Jerry Kleczka

Gerald Daniel "Jerry" Kleczka (November 26, 1943 – October 8, 2017), was an American politician. He was born in Milwaukee, Wisconsin. He was the Democratic member of the United States House of Representatives from 1984 to 2005, representing . Before entering politics, he was an accountant.

Kleczka died in Madison, Wisconsin on October 8, 2017 from complications of Parkinson's disease at the age of 73.


Gianni Bonagura

Gianni Bonagura (27 October 1925 – 8 October 2017) was an Italian movie, stage, television, radio star, and a voice actor. He appeared in 40 movies between 1950 and 2001. He was born in Milan, Italy. He was known for his role of Dr. Watson in the 1968 RAI television series "Sherlock Holmes".

Bonagura died in Milan on 8 October 2017 at the age of 91.

Sociological imagination

The sociological imagination is seeing the relationship between individual experiences and society. American sociologist C. Wright Mills made this term in his 1959 book "The Sociological Imagination". The term is used in introductory sociology textbooks to explain what sociology is and why it is important in daily life. Sociological imagination is the ability to change from one way of looking at the world to another.


Grady Tate

Grady Tate (January 14, 1932 – October 8, 2017) was an American hard bop and soul-jazz drummer and singer. He was born in Durham, North Carolina. He was known with a distinctive baritone voice. In addition to his work as sideman, Tate has released many albums as leader and vocalist as well as lent his voice to a number of songs in the animated "Schoolhouse Rock!" series.

Tate died on October 8, 2017 at his Manhattan, New York home at the age of 85.

Manuel Busto

Manuel Busto (1 October 1932 – 9 October 2017) was a French professional racing cyclist. He rode in six editions of the Tour de France. He was born in Cransac, France.

Busto died on 9 October 2017 in Saint-Rémy-de-Provence, France at the age of 85.

Allan Chumak

Allan Vladimirovich Chumak (Russian: А́ллан Влади́мирович Чума́к, 26 May 1935 – 9 October 2017) was a Russian faith healer. He was born in Moscow.

Chumak became well known at the height of Gorbachev's Perestroika. When he appeared on television, his fans would hold jars of water next to their televisions in the hope that the water would be able to cure disease. At the height of his fame, he had a regular early morning television spot.

Chumak died in Moscow on 9 October 2017 at the age of 82.

Fernando de Szyszlo

Fernando de Szyszlo Valdelomar (5 July 1925 – 9 October 2017) was a Peruvian painter, sculptor, printmaker, and teacher. He was a key figure in advancing abstract art in Latin America since the mid-1950s, and one of the leading plastic artists in Peru.

Szyszlo became a major force for artistic renewal in his country breaking new ground by expressing a Peruvian subject matter in a non-representational style. In 1962, he became a professor of art at Cornell University. In 1965 he became a visiting lecturer at Yale University.

Szyszlo was awarded the Order of the Sun of Peru in 2011.

Szyszlo died of complications from a fall at his home in Lima, Peru on 9 October 2017 at the age of 92.


Bob Schiller

Robert Schiller (November 8, 1918 – October 10, 2017) was an American writer. He worked with fellow producer / screenwriter Bob Weiskopf on many television series in the United States, including "I Love Lucy" (1955–1957) and "All in the Family" (1977–1979) on the CBS network. For his work, Schiller received an Emmy Award in 1971 and in 1978.

Schiller died on October 10, 2017 at his home in Pacific Palisades, Los Angeles from congestive heart failure at the age of 98.

List of oldest living state leaders

This article lists the 100 oldest living current or former state leaders whose age can be demonstrated beyond reasonable doubt. State leaders are defined to include heads of state (including representatives who act in their stead, generally a governor-general), heads of government and internationally recognized "de facto" leaders of sovereign states with significant international recognition. Leaders are not included if no reliable secondary sources have confirmed that the leader is alive within the last 10 years.

! style="text-align:left"|
! style="text-align:left"|Name
! style="text-align:left"|State
! style="text-align:left"|Position
! style="text-align:left"|Birth
! style="text-align:left"|Age
! style="text-align:left"|

Shandong

Shandong () is a province on the east coast of China. It borders Hebei in its northwest, Henan in its west, and Anhui and Jiangsu in its south. Across the Bohai Strait to its north is Liaodong Peninsula, and across the Yellow Sea to the east is Korean Peninsula. Its capital is Jinan, and its largest city is Qingdao.

On July 25 , 1668, an earthquake with an estimated magnitude of 8.5, whose epicenter was just northeast of the city of Linyi, devastated Shandong and killed between 43,000 and 50,000 people.

Eric Hargan

Eric David Hargan (born June 3, 1968) is an American lawyer. From October 2017 to January 2018, he was the acting United States Secretary of Health and Human Services. He is the current United States Deputy Secretary of Health and Human Services, assuming office on October 6, 2017. Hargan previously acted in this role from 2003 to 2007 in the George W. Bush administration.

On October 10, 2017, President Donald Trump appointed Hargan as acting United States Secretary of Health and Human Services.

Gabrielle Blunt

Gabrielle Hilda Blunt (8 January 1919 – 10 June 2014) was a British actress. 

Blunt's first significant role was as Catriona Macroon in the film "Whisky Galore!" and she played the same role in the 1958 follow-up "Rockets Galore". Blunt also appeared as Mrs. Bulstrode in the "Wilt" (film), a 1989 adaptation of Tom Sharpe's novel. She became best known for her roles in British sitcoms, appearing over the years in "Happy Ever After", "Shine on Harvey Moon", "Roll Over Beethoven (TV series)", "One Foot in the Grave", "Drop the Dead Donkey" "The Fast Show", "Harry Enfield's Television Programme" and "" and "The Thin Blue Line".

2016 United States presidential election in Wyoming

The 2016 United States presidential election in Wyoming was held on 8 November 2016. It was part of the 2016 United States presidential election, in which all other states plus the District of Columbia voted.

In the presidential election, Donald Trump easily defeated Hillary Clinton and received 3 electoral votes.

Below is a table with the polling results in Wyoming. Wyoming has voted Republican in the general election since 1968.

The Democratic caucus occurred on 9 April 2016.

The Republican caucus occurred on 12 March 2016.



List of Hindi movie actors





















Landser, Haut-Rhin

Landser is a commune. It is in the Haut-Rhin department of eastern France.



Jhajjar

Jhajjar is a city in Jhajjar district in the Indian state of Haryana. It was split off of the Rohtak district on July 15, 1997.

, Jhajjar District had a population of 956,907. Males constitute 54% of the population and females constitute 46%. Jhajjar has an average literacy rate of 80.83%, higher than the national average of 74%. Male literacy is 89.44%, and female literacy is 70.16%.

Jhajjar has its railway station, with code JHJ. The railway station of the city is situated on Gawalison-Dadri Road. The station station supports four trains, including the first CNG train of India and the Jaipur-Chandigarh Intercity train.

Jhajjar City has India's largest bus station situated on Rohtak-Jhajjar Nh-71. This new bus station has an area of 38 acres, including parks for students.


Lapoutroie

Lapoutroie is a commune. It is found in the Haut-Rhin department of eastern France.

Largitzen

Largitzen is a commune. It is found in the Haut-Rhin department of eastern France. The church was built in 1788.

Lautenbach, Haut-Rhin

Lautenbach is a commune. It is in the Haut-Rhin department. This in the east of France. It is about 30 km southwest of Colmar.




Lautenbachzell

Lautenbachzell is a commune. It is in the Haut-Rhin department of eastern France.

Rixheim

Rixheim is a commune. It is found in the Haut-Rhin department of eastern France.

Hamhung

Hamhung is a city in North Korea. It is the capital of South Hamgyong Province. It is the second largest city in North Korea and has the population of 768,551 .

Kirstjen Nielsen

Kirstjen Michele Nielsen (born May 14, 1972) is an American government official and national security expert. Nielsen was the 6th United States Secretary of Homeland Security from December 6, 2017 to April 10, 2019. Before, she served as Principal Deputy White House Chief of Staff to President Donald Trump from September 6, 2017 to December 5, 2017. She has informally performed the role of Deputy Chief of Staff since John F. Kelly became White House Chief of Staff on July 31, 2017.

Nielsen is the founder and former President of Sunesis Consulting.

On October 11, 2017, President Donald Trump nominated Nielsen to be the new United States Secretary of Homeland Security. On December 5, 2017, the Senate confirmed her nomination, by a 62-37 vote. She resigned on April 7, 2019.

Nielsen was born on May 14, 1972 in Colorado Springs, Colorado. She was raised in Clearwater, Florida. She graduated from the Georgetown School of Foreign Service and earned a J.D. degree from the University of Virginia School of Law in 1999. Nielsen's mother is an italian descent while her father is a Danish ancestry.

Nielsen served during the President George W. Bush administration as special assistant to the president and act as the senior director for prevention, preparedness and response at the White House Homeland Security Council. She also ran the Transportation Security Administration's offices of legislative policy and government affairs, a section she started. 

Nielsen previously served as John F. Kelly's Chief of Staff at the Department of Homeland Security. She has informally performed the role of Deputy Chief of Staff since Kelly became White House Chief of Staff on July 31, 2017.

On October 11, 2017, President Donald Trump nominated Nielsen to be the new United States Secretary of Homeland Security, replacing John F. Kelly. On December 5, 2017, the Senate confirmed her nomination, by a 62-37 vote.

Nielsen created the practice of separating parents and children accused of crossing over the U.S.–Mexico border illegally. Nielsen resigned on April 7, 2019, and Kevin McAleenan, the then U.S. Customs and Border Protection Commissioner, became Acting Secretary.

In a piece summarizing Nielsen's tenure at DHS, "Vox"'s Dara Lind wrote that Nielsen had been "arguably the most aggressive secretary in the department's short history".

Michel Diefenbacher

Michel Diefenbacher (15 July 1947 – 9 October 2017) was a French politician. He was a member of the National Assembly of France. He represented the Lot-et-Garonne department, and was a member of the Union for a Popular Movement. He was born in Sarrebourg, France.

Diefenbacher died in Paris on 9 October 2017 at the age of 70.

Cho Jin-ho

Cho Jin-ho (August 2, 1973 – October 10, 2017) was a South Korean football player. He was born in Daegu, South Korea. He played as a midfielder or striker for the South Korea national team. Cho also played for Pohang Steelers and Seongnam. He served as manager for Daejeon Citizen, Sangju Sangmu and for Busan IPark.

Cho died of a heart attack on October 10, 2017 in Busan, South Korea at the age of 44.


James R. Ford

James Robert Ford (December 1, 1925 – October 11, 2017) was an American educator, politician, businessman and community activist. In 1972, Ford became the first African-American Mayor of Tallahassee, Florida, and the first black mayor of a U.S. state capital city. He was a member of the Democratic Party. He retired as mayor in 1986.

Ford was born in Leon County, Florida. He studied at Florida A&M University. Ford died on October 11, 2017 in Tallahassee, Florida of complications from Alzheimer's disease at the age of 91.

Arrondissements of the Loire department

There are 3 arrondissements in the Loire department. The French departments, and in other countries, are divided into "arrondissements", which may be translated into English as districts (in some cases, as boroughs). The capital of an arrondissement is called a subprefecture.

If the prefecture (capital) of the department is in an arrondissement, that prefecture is the capital of the arrondissement, acting both as a prefecture and as a subprefecture.

Arrondissements are further divided into communes.

The 3 arrondissements of Loire are:

Since its creation, the Loire department has had some changes:


Andy Hopkins

Andrew Preston "Andy" Hopkins Sr. (October 19, 1949 – October 1, 2017) was an all-star American Canadian Football League (CFL) running back. He was born in Crockett, Texas. 

From 1971 through 1973, Hopkins played for the Houston Oilers. From 1973 through 1975, he played for the Hamilton Tiger-Cats. In 1976, he began playing for the Montreal Alouettes until retiring in 1977.

Hopkins died on October 1, 2017 in Sugar Land, Texas at the age of 67.

IDS Center

The IDS Center in Minneapolis Minnesota, is the tallest building in Minnesota. The building is tall.

Liberland

Liberland, also called the Free Republic of Liberland, is a micronation on an unclaimed piece of land on the western part of the Danube River between Croatia and Serbia. Liberland was founded on 13 April 2015 by Czech libertarian activist Vít Jedlička.

The Liberland website says the nation was created on no-man's land (terra nullius) that emerged because Croatia and Serbia have not agreed on common borders for over 25 years. This border dispute includes some areas to the east of the Danube which are claimed by both Serbia and Croatia. Croatia considers some areas on the west side of the river, including Liberland, to be part of Serbia, although Serbia no longer claims that land.

The land has been patrolled by Croatia since the Croatian War of Independence but Croatia has blocked people from coming to Liberland since shortly after its founding, including Croatian citizens and other EU citizens. Before that, just about anyone could visit the area. Licensed hunters, fishermen and employees of Hrvatske šume d.o.o. (Croatian Forests Ltd., a state-owned timber company) visit. Since August 2023, Liberlanders have been present in the territory, although Croatian border police check passports of everyone entering and leaving. Croatian border police impose Croatian laws against open fires and closed tents. 

No country that is a member of the United Nations has given diplomatic recognition to Liberland, although Liberland has opened official relations with Somaliland and Haiti as well as other partially recognized and unrecognized states and micronations. In November 2021, El Salvador received a diplomatic delegation from Liberland. 

The border disagreement along the Danube River valley started in 1947 but was left unresolved during the existence of the Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia. After Yugoslavia broke apart, the disagreement became more prominent. Serbia claims the center line of the river is the international border between the two countries. The Croatian government disagrees and claims that the international border lies along the old lines of the cadastral municipalities along the river — as the Danube was in the 19th century before meandering and hydraulic engineering works changed its course. As a result, Croatia claims a large part of the area controlled by Serbia, while Serbia does not claim the smaller parts on the other side.

President Jedlička says that the land claimed for Liberland, known as "Gornja Siga" (meaning "upper tufa"), remains unclaimed by Croatia or Serbia.

The area is about , and most of it is covered with forests. A journalist from the Czech newspaper "Parlamentní listy" who visited the area in April 2015 found a house that had been abandoned for about thirty years, according to people living nearby. The access road was reported to be in a bad condition.

The Danube River, an international waterway with free access to the Black Sea for several landlocked nations, runs along the self-proclaimed territory. Liberland visitors and citizens visit the coast by boat from Apatin, Serbia and other ports and docks along the Danube River. Liberland keeps its ships the Bitcoin Freedom and the SS Liberty at the local marina, has bought land and buildings in the Apatin Free Trade Zone and recently opened "Ark EcoVillage" on a piece of land formerly known as Zelena Glava ("Golden Head").

The flag ceremony in Gornja Siga was performed by Vít Jedlička and others on the day the statehood of Liberland was proclaimed.

The flag is a yellow background (symbolizing libertarianism) with a black horizontal stripe through the centre (symbolizing anarchy or rebellion) and the coat of arms in the centre. Jedlička is a member of the Czech Party of Free Citizens, which bases its values on the classical liberal ideology.

Jedlička stated that neither Serbia, Croatia nor any other nation claims the land (no-man's land or "terra nullius"). The border, he argued, was defined according to both Croatian and Serbian border claims and did not interfere with any other state's sovereignty. Jedlička said in April 2015 that an official diplomatic note would be sent to both Croatia and Serbia, and later to all other states, with a formal request for international recognition.

On 18 December 2015, President Jedlička presented the first provisional government of Liberland and its Ministers of Finance, Foreign Affairs, Interior and Justice as well as two vice presidents.

Croatian authorities have generally blocked entry to Liberland since early May 2015, with limited exceptions for licensed hunters and fishers. Since August 2023, Croatian border police have allowed small groups of Liberlanders to cross over into Liberland from Croatia during daylight hours, subject to passport control upon entry and exit. 

In May 2015, Vít Jedlička and his translator Sven Sambunjak were detained by Croatian police after making an attempt to cross the border. Jedlička spent one night in jail and then was convicted and ordered to pay a penalty for illegal crossing of the Croatian border. He appealed the verdict. He claimed that there were at least three Liberland citizens inside the area, who came from Switzerland. Later that month, Vít Jedlička was detained again. Initially, reporters were able to enter the area with Jedlička but later they were also denied entry, including journalists from the Serbian public broadcast service Radio Television of Vojvodina, and from the Bosnian newspaper "Dnevni Avaz".

The people arrested were from many countries, including Ireland, Germany, Denmark, and the U.S. Croatian police continued to arrest people, including those who entered the area by boat via the international waterway. One of them, a Danish activist Ulrik Grøssel Haagensen, was placed in house arrest for 5 days before being sentenced to 15 days of prison, triggering some protests in Denmark.

In May 2016, several appeals court decisions from Croatia were published. The court upheld the rulings that crossing into Liberland from Croatia is illegal, but found the convictions for entering Liberland from Serbia were not correct. A retrial was ordered in 6 of the 7 appeals. The lower court was therefore required to determine the location of the border and the border crossing, but has not done this yet. Since that time, visitors have come the area in boats and conflicts with Croatian police have been avoided. 

Croatia joined the Schengen Area on January 1, 2023; while Liberland lies outside the Schengen Zone and outside of the jurisdiction of the Croatian police, they claim to administer the area and check the documents of persons crossing over into the territory. 

Youtube host Niko Omilana visited Liberland successfully in April 2023, releasing a video of his visit in July 2023 that received over 5 million views in four days. Since August 6, 2023 there has been a continuous presence of settlers and visitors, despite ongoing difficulties with the Croatian police and the state forestry company, which uses part of the area as a source of timber. Various events have been held in Liberland since the settlement began, including a wedding on the beach and an MMA match. 

Croatia and Serbia dismissed Jedlička's claims as not important, although the two countries reacted in different ways. On 24 April 2015, the Serbian Ministry of Foreign Affairs stated that while they consider the affair a trivial matter, the "new state" does not infringe upon the Serbian border, which they say is the Danube River. Croatia, which blocks most visitors from accessing Liberland, has stated that after international arbitration, it should be awarded to Croatia or Serbia, not to a third party.

An article in the Chicago Journal of International Law, the law review of the University of Chicago Law School, examined Liberland's claim to statehood in light of the criteria laid out by the Montevideo Convention. According to the author, "Croatia’s insistence that Liberland is part of Serbia could constitute a renunciation of Croatia’s legal rights to Liberland. Conversely, if the territory that Liberland claims as its own is Serbian, the Serbian government’s renunciation of its title to that land could also be a quitclaim that would transform the legal status of the land to "terra nullius". In both instances, the territory would belong to the first entity —in this case Liberland— to claim it.”

Legal experts in Serbia and Croatia have asked if, under international law, Jedlička has the right to claim the area, which is currently the subject of a dispute between the two nations but claimed by neither one. Journalists have been uncertain as to how serious Jedlička is about his claims, with some calling it a publicity stunt.

On 20 May 2015 Petr Mach, the leader of the Party of Free Citizens, expressed support for the creation of a state based on ideas of freedom, adding that the Party of Free Citizens wants the Czech Republic to become a similarly free country.

Goran Vojković, professor of law and columnist from the Croatian news portal "Index.hr", described Liberland as a "circus which threatens Croatian territory", and argued that there was a risk that Croatia's claim to control land on the other side of the Danube may be weakened by the attention that the Liberland project has drawn to the border dispute.

In 2016, an article in Stratfor summarized the initiative as follows: "Liberland is a curious case because, in principle, none of the actors that could claim control over it seems interested in doing so. But this will probably remain a curiosity with negligible consequences at the international level. For the rest of the world's disputed territories, violence and diplomacy will remain the main tools to claim ownership.

According to its web page, Liberland is currently looking for those who have respect for other people and respect the opinions of others, regardless of their race, ethnicity, orientation, or religion, have respect for private ownership, and have not been punished for serious criminal offences. Liberland received 200,000 applications in a week. In the beginning of May 2015, Liberland accepted around thirty citizens. An event was supposed to take place in the claimed territory, but Croatian border police stopped the group from entering it from the Croatian side. As of October 2017, Liberland has awarded citizenship to between 300 and 400 people, to persons who have "helped move the country forward" or earned at least 5000 Merits. On February 16, 2018, former Congressman Ron Paul was presented with a Liberland passport and citizenship certificate by Jedlička and his cabinet.

Liberland also presents an Order of Merit award called the "First Class Order of Merit" to persons who have contributed to the development of Liberland or to the ideas of freedom. Recipients have included publisher Steve Forbes, economist Mark Skousen, a Croatian Member of Parliament, and others.

The Liberland constitution has been drafted and revised several times. The draft consists of four chapters. It includes a Bill of Rights and regulates the public administration, the political institutions, the legislative power, and the judicial power.

There has been no diplomatic recognition of Liberland by any member of the United Nations. Liberland has established relations with Somaliland, a self-declared state that proclaimed its independence from Somalia in 1991. Liberland and Somaliland signed a Memorandum of Understanding in September 2017 promising to establish closer relations and cooperate in the areas of technology, energy and banking. 

Liberland President Jedlička and members of Liberland's provisional government make regular goodwill visits around the world to make the case for Liberland and to promote diplomatic and commercial ties to the project. In 2017, Jedlička met with U.S. Senators Ted Cruz, Rand Paul, Ben Sasse and the Democratic Shadow Senator from Washington, D.C. Paul Strauss as well as several other elected representatives in the United States. In February 2018, Jedlička and his U.S. team went to Washington, D.C. to meet with Senator Bob Corker, the chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee as well as Senator Lamar Alexander.

Liberland has also established relations with the region of Savoie (Savoy), an independent and self-governed territory from the 11th century until 1860, when it was annexed to France. Today, Savosian people are a minority in their own territory and their claims are not taken into account by the government of France. Liberland has also begun dialogue with the region of Brittany (Bretagne), among others.

On 5th December 2018, UK Libertarian MEP Bill Etheridge and Paul Brothwood hosted an event for Liberland in the European Parliament to discuss its future.

Liberland also signed a Memorandum of Understanding with the government of Haiti on the 5th of March 2020. The agreement was signed by Joseph Jouthe, the Prime Minister of the Republic of Haiti at that time.

In 2021, Liberland sent a delegation to El Salvador during Bitcoin Week and met with several government officials. The Liberland Aid Foundation gave a more than 1 Bitcoin donation (over $60,000 US at the time) to the Hospital de Niños Benjamin Bloom in San Salvador.

In July 2023, Liberland sent a delegation to Zagreb, Croatia and met with current President Zoran Milanović, former President Kolinda Grabar-Kitarović and others. 


Since 2015, several minor freedom parties have expressed support for the creation of Liberland. They are the Capitalist Party in Norway, the Libertarian Party (Spain), The Swiss Independence Party up! (Unabhängigkeitspartei), the Liberal Democratic Party (Turkey) (LDP) the Libertarian Party of Canada, the Libertarian Party (United States) and the UK Libertarian Party.

A few micronations have expressed support for Liberland.




Carolinas

The Carolinas are the U.S. states of North Carolina and South Carolina. They were both part of the original Thirteen Colonies, which gained independence from the British Empire in 1783. During the colonial period, the southern portion of the Carolinas was primarily a support for the British West Indies; where thousands upon thousands of slaves were brought in to feed the growing trade. The same could not be said about the northern part of the region, which was a sparsely populated area, mostly inhabited by decommissioned servants from the Chesapeake area, many of whom set up small tobacco farms.

Jean-Baptiste Donatien de Vimeur, comte de Rochambeau

Jean-Baptiste Donatien de Vimeur, comte de Rochambeau (1 July 1725 – 10 May 1807) was a French nobleman. He served as a general under Louis XIV, and took part in the War of the Austrian Succession (1740-48). He was present at the siege of Antwerp and Namur. With an army of 6,000 people, he helped George Washington in the American Revolutionary War (1775-83). During the Reign of Terror, he was sentenced, but not executed on the guillotine. He was freed after the fall of Maximilien de Robespierre. Napoleon awarded him a title of the Legion of Honor, in 1803.

Operation Nickel Grass

Operation Nickel Grass was a United States military mission to help Israel during the Yom Kippur War in 1973. The Soviet Union helped the Arab Republic of Egypt and the Syrian Arab Republic begin a surprise attack against Israel on October 6, 1973. Between October 14 and November 14 that year, the US flew 22,325 tons of weapons, tanks, and other supplies to Israel in C-141 Starlifter and C-5 Galaxy cargo planes.

Palazzo Vigo

Palazzo Vigo (formerly known as Palazzo Natoli or Palace of the Princes Natoli) is a palace in Torre Archirafi, Italy. Torre Archirafi is a small village on the island of Sicily. It is part of the Comune of Riposto in the Province of Catania. The palace was built in the 18th century by Giovanni Natoli Ruffo. He was the Prince of Sperlinga. King Charles V of Sicily also made him the Duke of Archirafi in 1741. Giovanni Natoli Ruffo built a small chapel next to the palace in 1743. By 1900, the palace and its lands belonged to the Vigo di Gallodoro family. Today the palace belongs to the Comune of Riposto. It is used for art exhibitions, conferences, and lectures.

Philippe de Nanteuil

Philippe de Nanteuil () was a French knight and troubadour. He was a vassal of Thibaut de Champagne, the King of Navarre. and became Thibaut's friend. Philippe de Nanteuil inherited the "seigneurie" of Nanteuil-le-Haudouin in northern France from his father. His father was also called Philippe de Nanteuil.

Philippe de Nanteuil fought with other French knights in the Crusades. In 1239 he and many other French knights lost a battle against the Ayyubids at Gaza. They were taken prisoner by the Ayyubids and put in a prison in Cairo. Philippe de Nanteuil wrote a famous song while he was in prison. It was called "En chantant veil mon duel faire". The song was about the defeat of the Christian knights. It criticized the leaders of the three main military orders, the Knights Templar, the Knights Hospitaller, and the Teutonic Order.

Gairaigo

Gairaigo (kanji: 外来語, hiragana: がいらいご) are loanwords in the Japanese language from languages other than Old or Middle Chinese. The word itself literally means "loan word". Most "gairaigo" come from European languages, and especially English since the post-WWII era, though Modern Chinese and Modern Korean are also popular sources for loanwords. Most gairaigo nowadays are written in katakana, with some older ones being written in ateji (kanji used only to show a word's pronunciation and not its meaning) or even in hiragana. For example, while America, or "Amerika" in Japanese, can be written as 亜米利加 in ateji, it is rare to do so these days, and instead it is almost always written in katakana as アメリカ.

"Gairaigo" is one of the three main sources of Japanese words, along with "kango" (kanji: 漢語, hiragana: かんご), or Chinese loanwords, and "yamato kotoba" (kanji: 大和言葉, hiragana: やまとことば), or native Japanese words.

Japanese has a long history of borrowing words from other languages. Since the Chinese character system gave Japanese a writing system (as Japanese had no known systems of writing beforehand), the Japanese naturally borrowed many Chinese words into their language. However, the Japanese only borrowed words from other Asian languages until the Portuguese and the Dutch came to Japan during the 16th century. Since the Portuguese and the Dutch traded many different goods with the Japanese at this time, the Japanese naturally included many Portuguese and Dutch words into their own language, including "karuta" (ateji: 加留多 or 歌留多, hiragana: かるた, katakana: カルタ) from the Portuguese "carta" meaning "letter", "tempura" (ateji: 天麩羅 or 天婦羅, ateji and hiragana [most common form]: 天ぷら, hiragana: てんぷら, katakana: テンプラ), from the Portuguese "tempora" meaning "temperance", as Catholics would not eat red meat during Lent, and "tabako" (kanji: 煙草, hiragana: たばこ, katakana: タバコ) from the Portuguese "tabaco" meaning "tobacco". While these terms used to be written mostly in ateji (and they still can be), they are now mostly written only in hiragana or katakana.

During the Meiji Period, after Matthew Perry forced Japan to open trade with other countries, Japan sent many scholars to Western countries to study different field of knowledge, such as Western medicine in Germany, an art in France. However, since the end of the 19th century, and especially after WWII, most "gairaigo" came from English. Today, about 90% of all "gairaigo" come from English.

While many "gairaigo" came from English, Japanese has also invented many new words based off of English, but wouldn't be understood by native English speakers. These are called "wasei eigo", or "Japanese-made English words". Many of them are shortenings of English words such as "amefuto" (katakana:アメフト) which is a shortening of "American football", "pasokon" (katakana:パソコン) which is a shortening of "personal computer", "konbini" (katakana:コンビニ) which is a shortening of "convenience store", and "anime" (katakana: アニメ) which is a shortening of "animation". While each of these words have a longer gairaigo word that go along with them which would be "amerikanfutobōru" (katakana:アメリカンフットボール), "pāsonarukonpyūtā" (katakana:パーソナルコンピューター), "konbiniensusutoa" (katakana:コンビニエンスストア), and "animēshon" (katakana:アニメーション) in that order, they would be too long for a Japanese person to say in conversation. Also, some words got a new meaning when they come into Japanese. For example, "consent", or "konsento" (katakana:コンセント) in Japanese, means "electrical outlet" rather than its original meaning, and "range", or (katakana:レンジ) in Japanese, means "stove" rather than its original meaning.

Tupper Lake (town), New York

Tupper Lake is a town in Franklin County, New York. In 2020, 5,147 people lived in the town.

The settlement began around 1844. The village was settled during the town's lumber production period and grew after it gained railroad service. The early village was composed of two parts, Tupper Lake proper and Faust. The town for a time held the distinction as the top lumber producer in the state.

The great fire of 1899 burned more than 169 structures in the village, two-thirds of them being homes. The modern village grew out of this destruction and added all the amenities of a modern community earlier than many other villages in the state. Tupper had its own department store and synagogue, and its sprawling railway yards, driven by the lumber trade, made it a hub for the surrounding Adirondack communities.

Milo of Nanteuil

Milo de Nanteuil (? – 6 September 1234) was a soldier, crusader, and the Bishop of Beauvais from 1218 to 1234. From 1207 to 1217 he was the priest in charge of the Notre-Dame de Reims Cathedral. He was the fourth son of Gaucher I of the Châtillon family who lived in Nanteuil-la-Fosse. He took part in the Fifth Crusade and the building of Beauvais Cathedral. He was also the patron of the poet, Jean Renart.

Doreen Mantle

Doreen Mantle (22 June 1926 – August 2023) was a South African-born English actress who was probably best known for her role as Jean Warboys in "One Foot in the Grave" (1990–2000).

Mantle worked mainly on the stage in such productions as "My Fair Lady", "Keep It in the Family", "The Seagull" and "Hamlet". She also toured Britain in "Billy Liar" in the role of Florence Boothroyd and performed at the National Theatre in "The Voysey Inheritance". In 1979 she was awarded the Laurence Olivier Award for her role in "Death of a Salesman". She also worked on the radio for BBC Radio 3 and BBC World Service. Mantle also had a role in the BBC Radio 4's comedy series "The Attractive Young Rabbi".

In 1983 Mantle played "Mrs Shaemen" in "Yentl". In 2011, Mantle appeared in "Coronation Street" as the mother of Colin Fishwick.

She was in many British television series such as "The Duchess of Duke Street", "The Wild House", "Sam Saturday", "Chalk", "Casualty", "The Bill", "Doctors", "Holby City" and "Jonathan Creek". She played lollipop lady Queenie in "Jam & Jerusalem" (2006–09). She appeared in episode 63 of Father Brown in January 2018.

Mantle died in August 2023 at the age of 97.


Margaret Barton

Margaret Barton (born 27 May 1926 in Finsbury Park, London) is a British actress. She is best known for her role in the 1945 David Lean movie "Brief Encounter" in which she played Beryl Walters, a girl who works in the train station cafe.

Barton began acting in the theatre at the age of 12. Because she was small for her age, during World War 2 she became known for playing children and young people. At 17 she appeared in "Pink String and Sealing Wax" at the Duke of York's Theatre and remembered performing while doodlebugs flew overhead. While on the West End stage she was spotted by David Lean and Noël Coward and cast for the part of Beryl in "Brief Encounter". Her scenes were shot at Denham Film Studios and for other scenes she was invited by Lean to watch from behind the camera.

After the war, Barton continued acting on stage, in movie and for television. She married Raymond James; their son, Michael, died of cancer at the age of 30 and his parents set up the Michael James Music Trust in his memory. Raymond James died in 2016, aged 93. Barton lives in Dorset, where she runs a tea room, and still receives many letters relating to "Brief Encounter".


Sue Wallace

Sue Wallace is a British character actress.

Wallace studied Drama and English at the University of Birmingham, where she met Victoria Wood, with whom she later would go on to work in acting.

She went on to have a lengthy career on television and the stage since the early 1980s in among others, "Juliet Bravo", "Bergerac", "Making Out", "The Bill", "Common as Muck", "Heartbeat" and "Doctors".

She appeared in different roles in various television works by Victoria Wood, including "Screenplay: Happy Since I Met You" in 1981, "Victoria Wood as Seen on TV" in the mid-1980s, the television film "Pat and Margaret" in 1994, one episode of "Dinnerladies" in 1998 and finally in Wood's television historical drama film "Housewife, 49" in 2006.

Film roles include "Is There Anybody There?" and as Janet in "I Give It a Year".

Gerard Monaco

Gerard Monaco is a British actor, born Daniel Gerard Monaco, in London, England in 1975, who trained at the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art.

Monaco’s first film was Mike Leigh’s "Vera Drake". He has since had roles in movies including "Starter for Ten", Jane Campion’s "Bright Star" and Jerry Bruckheimer’s "", directed by Rob Marshall.

Monaco's theatre career includes Lindsay Posner’s 2009 revival of Arthur Miller’s "A View From the Bridge", in which Monaco made his West End debut playing Marco, opposite Mary Elizabeth Mastrantonio, Ken Stott and Hayley Atwell.
He has also appeared in a number of plays at London's National Theatre, including Steven Pimlott’s final production, Tennessee Williams's "The Rose Tattoo" starring Zoë Wanamaker (Pimlott died in the second week of rehearsals and artistic director Nicholas Hytner took over as director). He has also played opposite Lesley Manville in the premier of Rebecca Lenkiewicz’s play, "Her Naked Skin" (directed by Howard Davis) and Fiona Shaw in Deborah Warner’s production of "Mother Courage and Her Children".
Monaco has also performed at various other theatres around the country, notable at the Finborough Theatre where he played opposite Victor Spinetti in a two-hander production of "Albert’s Boy" by James Graham.

Monaco television work includes roles in "As If", "Eastenders", "The Bill", "Holby City", "Rome", "The Passion", "Ashes to Ashes", "Any Human Heart" and "Episodes".

In 2007, Monaco was nominated for the BBC New Talent New Filmmaker Award for his short film "The Crusader", which he wrote and directed.


Harold Goodwin

Harold Goodwin (22 October 1917 – 3 June 2004) was an English actor. He was born in Wombwell, West Riding of Yorkshire, England.

Goodwin trained at the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art. He was a stage actor at Liverpool repertory theatre for 3 years. He appeared in many British movies of the 1950s and 1960s. He usually played 'flat cap' wearing working class characters from Northern England or low ranks in the military.

Goodwin had significant parts in the war movies "The Dam Busters" (playing Guy Gibson's batman, 'Crosby'), "Bridge on the River Kwai" and "The Longest Day." He was also in "The Ladykillers", "Sea of Sand", "Angels One Five" and "The Cruel Sea" (in which he was the ASDIC operator). 
He also made hundreds of British TV appearances. He was in "Minder" (as "Dunning", episode "Get Daley!", 1984) and a notable role in "All Creatures Great and Small". Goodwin was also in the popular 1980s sitcom "That's My Boy". 

Goodwin's last major television appearance was in the ITV soap opera "Coronation Street" in the early 1990s. He played Joss Shackleton, father to Vera Duckworth, His last television role was in an episode of "One Foot in the Grave" in the 1990s, playing a window cleaner. 



Zoe Cramond

Zoe Cramond (born 8 October 1984) is a New Zealand actress. After graduating from Unitec Institute of Technology, Cramond appeared in many theatre productions and television commercials. She was in "Outrageous Fortune" and "Shortland Street", before deciding to give up her acting career to study graphic design. She returned to acting after being cast in the television film "Panic at Rock Island" and "Go Girls".

In 2011, Cramond joined the cast of comedy-drama "Packed to the Rafters" as Emma Mackey, marking her first major role. She relocated to Sydney for filming. Cramond competed in the 12th Season of "Dancing with the Stars" in 2012. She and her dance partner Aric Yegudkin came in third place. The following year, Cramond filmed a guest appearance in "Fat Tony & Co.". She joined the cast of "Neighbours" in 2015 as Amy Williams.

Zoe Cramond is from Papamoa, New Zealand. Her parents are both artists, who encouraged her to try community theatre, ballet and contemporary dance. Cramond attended Unitec Institute of Technology, where she studied performing arts.

Cramond is a keen surfer. She learned how to surf at Waihi Beach from the age of 14.

After graduating from Unitec, Cramond worked for an underground music station and appeared in several theatre productions and television commercials. She made guest appearances in "Outrageous Fortune" (2008) and "Shortland Street" (2009). After struggling to find acting work, Cramond quit to study graphic design. A week later she learned that she had been cast in the television film "Panic at Rock Island" and had an audition for the New Zealand comedy-drama "Go Girls". Cramond joined "Go Girls" as Amanda, a love interest and eventual wife of main character Kevin (Jay Ryan).

Cramond joined the cast of comedy-drama "Packed to the Rafters" as Emma Mackey for the fourth season in 2011. Cramond relocated to Sydney for filming. Her character, Emma, was introduced to the show as a potential love interest for Ben Rafter (played by Hugh Sheridan). Cramond remained with the show until its cancellation in 2013.

In 2012, Cramond competed in the 12th Season of "Dancing with the Stars". She was partnered with Russian dancer Aric Yegudkin and represented the Spinal Cord Injury Network. During a dance routine, Cramond fractured four ribs, but continued in the competition. Despite being named the favourites to win, Cramond and Yegudkin came in third place.

Cramond appeared as lawyer Zarah Garde-Wilson in "Fat Tony & Co." in 2014. She joined the cast of "Neighbours" in 2015, as series regular Amy Williams.

Arrondissement of Montbrison

The arrondissement of Montbrison is an arrondissement of France. It is part of the Loire "département", Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region. Its capital, and a subprefecture of the department, is the city of Montbrison.

When the Loire department was created in 1793, the "arrondissement" of Montbrison was part of that original department.

The "arrondissement" of Montbrison is bordered to the north by the "arrondissement" of Roanne, to the east by the Rhône department, to the southeast by the "arrondissement" of Saint-Étienne, to the south by the Haute-Loire department, and to the west by the Puy-de-Dôme department.

It is in the central part of the department and is the largest "arrondissement" with an area of , and the second in population with 188,635 inhabitants and a density of inhabitants/km².

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

In the "arrondissement" of Montbrison there are 5 cantons:
The "arrondissement" of Montbrison has 136 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes):
The "communes" with more inhabitants in the "arrondissement" are:


Amadou-Mahtar M'Bow

Amadou-Mahtar M'Bow, GCIH (born March 20, 1921) is a Senegalese educator. He was born in Dakar.

M'bow served in France and North Africa during World War II after volunteering for the French army. After the end of the war he studied geography at the Sorbonne University in Paris.

M'bow began working for UNESCO in 1953 and was the director-general from 1974 to 1987, being the first black African to head a United Nations support organisation.

Federico Mayor Zaragoza

Federico Mayor Zaragoza (born 27 January 1934) is a Spanish scientist, scholar, politician, diplomat, and poet. He served as Director-General of UNESCO from 1987 to 1999. He was born in Barcelona.

Mayor Zaragoza is the Chairman of the Foundation for a Culture of Peace and member of the Honorary Board of the International Decade for the Promotion of a Culture of Peace and Non-Violence for the Children of the World as well as the Honorary Chairman of the Académie de la Paix.

Hessie

Carmen Lydia Djuric (17 April 1936 – 9 October 2017), known by her artist name Hessie, was a Cuban textile artist. She lived in France from 1962 until her death. Her creative work was mainly focused on using fabrics, although she also used the technique of collage with waste materials.

Hessie did not attend any art school and developed her own creative technique as early as 1956 with materials that were both affordable and easily available. Fabrics and textile cuts were materials she used from the beginning.

Hessie died in Pontoise, France on 9 October 2017 at the age of 81.

Arrondissement of Roanne

The arrondissement of Roanne is an arrondissement of France. It is part of the Loire "département", Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region. Its capital, and a subprefecture of the department, is the city of Roanne.

When the Loire department was created in 1793, the "arrondissement" of Roanne was part of that original department.

The "arrondissement" of Roanne is bordered to the north by the Saône-et-Loire department, to the east by the Rhône department, to the south by the "arrondissement" of Montbrison, to the southwest by the Puy-de-Dôme department, and to the west by the Allier department.

It is the most northern "arrondissement" of the department; it has an area of , and a population of 157,268 inhabitants with a density of inhabitants/km².

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

In the "arrondissement" of Roanne there are 6 cantons:


The "arrondissement" of Roanne has 115 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes):
The "communes" with more inhabitants in the "arrondissement" are:


Pentti Holappa

Pentti Vihtori Holappa (11 August 1927 – 10 October 2017) was a Finnish poet, writer and politician. He was born in Ylikiiminki.

Holappa held many jobs before becoming a political journalist and eventually obtaining a government post. He was self-educated, but produced around fifteen volumes of poetry, as well as several novels and essays. He also worked as a translator; among the poets and authors whose work he translated into Finnish are Charles Baudelaire, Pierre Reverdy, and J. M. G. Le Clézio. He received the Finlandia Prize in 1998 for his novel "Ystävän muotokuva: Portrait of a Friend".

Between February and October 1972, Holappa was Minister of Culture and Education in Finland's Ministry of Education, representing the Social Democratic Party of Finland.

Holappa died in Helsinki, Finland, on 10 October 2017 of breathing problems at the age of 90.

Stauroteuthis syrtensis

Stauroteuthis syrtensis is a species of small pelagic octopus. It is also known as the glowing sucker octopus. The octopus is found at great depths in the north Atlantic Ocean. It is one of a very small number of octopuses to have bioluminescence, meaning it can create light.

The mantle length of "Stauroteuthis syrtensis" is about and its width about . The fins are some in width. The eight arms are of unequal length, the longest extending to about .

Arrondissement of Saint-Étienne

The arrondissement of Saint-Étienne is an arrondissement of France. It is part of the Loire "département", Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region. Its capital, and the prefecture of the department, is the city of Saint-Étienne.

When the Loire department was created in 1793, the "arrondissement" of Saint-Étienne was part of that original department.

The "arrondissement" of Saint-Étienne is bordered to the north and northeast by the Rhône department, to the east by the Isère department, to the southeast by the Ardèche department, to the southwest by the Haute-Loire department, and to the northwest by the "arrondissement" of Montbrison.

It is the most southern "arrondissement" of the department and the smallest with an area of , but the one with more people living in it with a population of 411,402 inhabitants and a density of inhabitants/km².

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

In the "arrondissement" of Saint-Étienne there are 12 cantons:
The "arrondissement" of Saint-Étienne has 75 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes):
The "communes" with more inhabitants in the "arrondissement" are:


Bencoolen MRT station

Bencoolen MRT Station (DT21) is a MRT station located in Singapore. It opened on 21 October 2017 and is on the Downtown line. It is the deepest MRT station, surpassing Promenade, at 43 meters deep. It reduces congestion at Bras Basah MRT Station, which is a minute walk away.

Cross-sex friendship

A cross-sex friendship is a friendship between an unrelated male and female. The term is neutral as regards to sexual implications. There may or may not be any kind of sexual feelings in one or both parties.


Eve Poole

Eve Poole (December 29, 1924 - December 26, 1992) was a New Zealand politician of Jewish descent.

She was born in Germany and fled with her family to Mandatory Palestine in 1932. During the war she served in the British army. She married a New Zealand tank commander and after the war she moved to New Zealand. 

Being trained in theatre skills in Israel, she was teaching drama in New Zealand. She went into local politics by becoming a councillor in Invercargill in 1971, and a deputy mayor in 1974. She was mayor of this city on the very southern point of South Island from 1983 to 1992. As a politician she was promoting culture. She was also a member of several cultural institutions. 

She died at the age of 67 in Dunedin. 

Sino-Japanese vocabulary

Sino-Japanese vocabulary, Chinese-based Japanese words, or kango (kanji: 漢語, hiragana: かんご), are Chinese loanwords in the Japanese language. The two languages are unrelated to each other, since Chinese is a Sino-Tibetan language while Japanese is a language isolate (meaning that no known languages are related to it). However, Chinese has had a major influence on Japanese and has effected many parts of it, including its phonology (how it organizes sounds) and its vocabulary. Including Chinese words into Japanese lead to allowing words to have closed syllables (syllables ending in a consonant), like the words "san" (kanji: 三, hiragana: さん, meaning: three) and "udon" (kanji:饂飩, hiragana: うどん) and for words to have long vowels and long consonants, like "nō" (kanji:能, hiragana: のう) and "gakkō" (kanji: 学校, hiragana: がっこう). Before Chinese words came into the Japanese language syllables in Japanese words only had open syllables (words that end in a vowel) like "katana" (kanji:刀, hiragana: かたな) and "shinobi" (kanji and hiragana: 忍び, hiragana only: しのび).

It is one of the three main sources of Japanese words, along with "yamato kotoba" (kanji: 大和言葉, hiragana: やまとことば), also known as "wago" (kanji: 和語, hiragana: わご), or native Japanese words, and "gairaigo" (kanji: 外来語, hiragana: がいらいご), or loanwords borrowed from languages other than Chinese (especially English since the post-WWII era).

It is said that about 60-70% of Japanese words come from Chinese. Like how French and Latin are to English, Chinese loanwords are used to create formal vocabulary and technical terms in Japanese. For example, while the native English words are "moon" and "horse", the Latin terms "luna" and "equus" is used to create technical terms like "lunar calendar", a calendar that is based on the moon, and "equine science", the study of horses. Likewise, the native Japanese word for horse is uma (kanji: 馬, hiragana: うま) while the Chinese term is ba (kanji:馬, hiragana: ば), which is used in terms like basha (kanji:馬車, hiragana: ばしゃ, meaning: horse carriage), jōba (kanji:乗馬, hiragana: じょうば, meaning: horse riding), and gunba (kanji:軍馬, hiragana: ぐんば, meaning: warhorse).

Most Chinese loanwords are nouns, and they are often made up of more than one kanji (Chinese characters used in Japanese). Most kanji have two different kinds of pronunciation, on'yomi (the pronunciation of the kanji borrowed from Chinese) and kun'yomi (the native pronunciation of Japanese words that use the kanji). "Yamato kotoba" words use the kanji's kun'yomi. While Japanese usually use the kun'yomi for words of just one kanji, like 火 (on'yomi: ka, meaning: fire) which is pronounced "hi", and 山 (on'yomi: san, -zan, meaning: mountain) which is pronounced "yama", when you put together the two kanji, 火山, the word will not be pronounced by their kun'yomi as "hiyama", but rather they will be pronounced by their on'yomi as "kazan", which the compound word fire+mountain means "volcano".

While most Chinese loanwords in Japanese are nouns, they can also be used to make verbs, adjectives, and adverbs as well. While most Japanese verbs are native Japanese words, Chinese loanwords can be made into verbs using the "-suru" form. For example, the Chinese loanword "kinshi" (kanji: 禁止, hiragana:きんし) is a noun that means "prohibition" or "ban", but if you add "-suru" afterwards, as in "kinshi-suru" (kanji and hiragana: 禁止する, hiragana only: きんしする), it becomes a verb that means "to prohibit" or "to ban". Also, adjectives can be formed from nouns by adding the suffix "-teki" (的) to it. For example, while the word "shikaku" (kanji: 視覚, hiragana: しかく) is a noun that means "vision" or "sense of sight", adding "-teki" afterwards makes it into the word "shikaku-teki" (kanji:視覚的, hiragana: しかくてき) which is an adjective that means "visual".

Even though kanji a Chinese invention, Japanese has also created many Chinese-based words itself that were adopted into Chinese. These words are called "wasei-kango" (kanji:和製漢語, hiragana: わせいかんご) which means "Japanese-made Chinese words". Many of these words describe things that are uniquely Japanese, such as "Shintō" (kanji:神道, hiragana: しんとう), "dōjō" (kanji:道場, hiragana:どうじょう), "Bushidō" (kanji:武士道, hiragana:ぶしどう), "matcha" (kanji:抹茶, hiragana:まっちゃ), and "seppuku" (kanji:切腹, hiragana:せっぷく).

Since Japan was the first East Asian country to modernize, the Japanese were the first people in East Asia to be exposed to new technologies and fields of study, and therefore the first to develop Chinese-based names for such things, such as telephone (denwa, kanji:電話, hiragana: でんわ), science (kagaku, kanji:科学, hiragana:かがく), and philosophy (tetsugaku, kanji:哲学, hiragana: てつがく), and each of these terms have been adopted into Chinese as "diànhuà", "kēxué", and "zhéxué" in the same order. This phenomenon is called reborrowing.

Tomils

Tomils was a municipality of the district Hinterrhein in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland. It was formed on 1 January 2009, through the merger of Feldis/Veulden, Scheid, Trans and Tumegl/Tomils. On 1 January 2015, the former municipalities of Almens, Paspels, Pratval, Rodels and Tomils merged to form the new municipality of Domleschg.

Domleschg

Domleschg is a new municipality of the district Hinterrhein in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2015, the former municipalities of Almens, Paspels, Pratval, Rodels and Tomils merged into the new municipality of Domleschg.


Venkatraman Ramakrishnan

Venkatraman "Venki" Ramakrishnan (born 1952) is an Indian-born-American-British structural biologist. He received the 2009 Nobel Prize in Chemistry together with Thomas A. Steitz and Ada E. Yonath for studies of the structure and function of the ribosome.

He was born in Chidambaram, Tamil Nadu, India.


Ei-ichi Negishi

Negishi died in Indianapolis, Indiana on June 6, 2021 at the age of 85.

Ningxia

Ningxia is an autonomous region of China. It used to be a province. It was merged into Gansu in 1954. It was later separated and made an autonomous region for the Hui people, one of the 56 officially recognised nationalities of China. Twenty percent of China's Hui population lives in Ningxia.

Cam Clarke

Cameron Arthur "Cam" Clarke (born November 6, 1957) is an American voice actor and singer. He was born in Burbank, California. He is known for his voice-work in animation and video games. He is best known for providing the voices of Leonardo and Rocksteady in the original "Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles" animated series and Shotaro Kaneda in the 1989 original English dub of "Akira".










Muntaka Connmassie

Muntaka Connmassie, CON (10 February 1946 – 12 October 2017) was a Nigerian judge. He was born in Kaduna State, Nigeria. He served as a Justice of the Supreme Court of Nigeria from 2008 through 2016. Before to joining the Supreme Court of Nigeria in 2008, he was a Judge at the Court of Appeal, serving in Port Harcourt, Jos, Abuja, Ilorin, and Benin divisions.

Connmassie died on 12 October 2017 in Abuja, Nigeria at the age of 71.

Edward B. Giller

Edward Bonfoy Giller (July 8, 1918 – October 1, 2017) was an American Air Force (USAF) Major General. He was the assistant general manager for military application, United States Atomic Energy Commission, Germantown, Maryland. He was born in Jacksonville, Illinois

Giller was assistant director and then director of the Research Directorate for the Air Force Special Weapons Center at Kirtland Air Force Base in the 1950s and 60s.

Giller died in Bernalillo, New Mexico on October 1, 2017 of pneumonia complicated by Alzheimer's disease at the age of 99.

Montbrison, Loire

Montbrison is a French commune, a "subprefecture" in the Loire department in central France. It is in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region. It is also the capital of the "arrondissement" of Montbrison.

The "commune" of Montbrison is in the centre of the Loire department and has an area of . The average altitude is and the city hall is an altitude of .

The distances from Montbrison to other cities are:

The "commune" of Montbrison is surrounded by the "communes":

Two small rivers flow through the "commune":

The climate of Montbrison, in the Köppen climate classification, is Cfb - Oceanic climate with template summers.

The inhabitants of this city are known, in French, as "Montbrisonnais" (women: "Montbrisonnaises").

With a population of 15,689, Montbrison has a population density of inhabitants/km.
Evolution of the population in Montbrison

Montbrison forms, with other 5 "communes", the urban area of Montbrison with a population of 23,329 inhabitants (2014) and an area of . This urban area is the centre of the metropolitan area of Montbrison, formed by 13 "communes" with a population of 27,829 inhabitants (2014) and an area of .

Montbrison is a subprefecture of the Loire department, the capital of the "arrondissement" of Montbrison and the administrative centre () of the canton of Montbrison, with 40,780 inhabitants .

It is part of the intercommunality "Loire Forez" ().

Montbrison is twinned with:



Downey Studios

Downey Studios was a production studio in Downey, California.



Pierre Hanon

Pierre Hanon (29 December 1936 in Brussels - 13 October 2017) was a footballer who played mainly for R.S.C. Anderlecht and the national team. He played in the match Belgium-Netherlands in 1964 with 10 fellows from the Anderlecht team after the substitution of goalkeeper Delhasse by Jean Trappeniers. In total, Hanon collected 48 caps.

William Lombardy

William James Lombardy (December 4, 1937 – October 13, 2017) was an American chess grandmaster, chess writer, teacher, and a former Catholic priest. 

Lombardy was one of the leading American chess players during the 1950s and 1960s, and a contemporary of Bobby Fischer, whom he coached from the time Fischer was age 11½ through the World Chess Championship 1972. Lombardy led the U.S. Student Team to Gold in the 1960 World Student Team Championship in Leningrad. He was the only World Junior Champion to win with a perfect score.

Bo Holmström

Bo Erik Holmström (18 October 1938 – 13 October 2017) was a Swedish journalist, reporter and author. He worked as a reporter both for SVT and TV4. He was the Swedish reporter covering the Norrmalmstorg robbery in 1973 and the West German Embassy siege in 1975.

In 2007 he was awarded the Stora journalistpriset for his journalism work. In 2015 he was awarded an honorary Kristallen at the Kristallen awards. 

In 2016, gangrene in his leg led to its amputation. He spent his last year at a nursing home in Vagnhärad and died on 13 October 2017.

Anna Lindh

Ylva Anna Maria Lindh (19 June 1957 – 11 September 2003) was a Swedish Social Democratic politician, chairman of the Social Democratic Youth League from 1984 to 1990 and a member of parliament from 1982 to 1985 and 1998 to 2003.

Joining the government as minister of environment in 1994, she was elevated to minister for foreign affairs by prime minister Göran Persson in 1998 and considered his successor as party chairman and prime minister (neither of which posts had ever been held by a woman) before her assassination in September 2003.

Lindh was stabbed in Stockholm on the afternoon of 10 September. She died in a next day at age of 46. Just after 16:00, she was attacked while shopping in the ladies' section of the Nordiska Kompaniet department store in central Stockholm by stabbing her in the chest, abdomen and arms. At the time of the attack, Lindh was not protected by bodyguards from the Swedish Security Service.


Satish Chandra

Satish Chandra (20 November 1922 – 13 October 2017) was an Indian historian whose main area of specialisation was medieval Indian history.

Chandra has been described as of India's leading scholars of the Moghul period and as one of India's most influential historians. His book, "Medieval India", has been widely used as a textbook in schools and colleges around India.

Billy Green Bush

William Warren Bush (born November 7, 1935) is an American actor, usually credited as Billy "Green" Bush and sometimes as Billy Greenbush.

His movie roles include "The Savage Seven" (1968), "Five Easy Pieces" (1970), "Monte Walsh" (1970), "The Jesus Trip" (1971), "The Organization" (1971), "Welcome Home, Soldier Boys" (1972), "The Culpepper Cattle Co." (1972), "40 Carats" (1973), "Electra Glide in Blue" (1973), "Alice Doesn't Live Here Anymore" (1974), "Mackintosh and T.J." (1975), "The Call of the Wild" (1976), "The Beasts Are on the Streets" (1978), "The Jericho Mile" (1979), "Tom Horn" (1980), "The River" (1984), "The Hitcher" (1986), "Critters" (1986), "Rampage" (1987) and "" (1993).


Willi Gerdau

Willi "Ille" Gerdau (February 12, 1929 in Heide – February 11, 2011 in Uetersen) was a German footballer.

Gerdau was a midfielder, who played for Heider SV.

He participated in the 1956 Summer Olympics in Australia, and also in the national football team of West Germany in 1957.

Willi Gerdau died the day before his 82th birthday.


Our Perfect Wedding

Our Perfect Wedding is a South African wedding television show on Mzansi Magic. The show is well known for giving non-celebrities to give themselves a chance to showcase their weddings on television across Africa and international. 


Music of Africa

The traditional music of Africa, given the vastness of the continent, is historically ancient, rich and diverse, with different regions and nations of Africa having many distinct musical traditions. Music in Africa is very important when it comes to religion. Songs and music are used in rituals and religious ceremonies, to pass down stories from generation to generation, as well as to sing and dance to.
Afropop is a term sometimes used to describe contemporary African pop music. Characterized by a mixture of dances and sounds between American pop music and African music, Afropop does not refer to a specific style or musical sound, but the word is used as a general term for popular music. African.

President of Liberia

The President of the Republic of Liberia is the head of state and government of Liberia. The president serves as the leader of the executive branch and as commander-in-chief of the Armed Forces of Liberia.

The current President is Joseph Boakai since January 22, 2024.

Between 1847 and 1980, the presidency was exclusively held by Americo-Liberians, the original American settlers of Liberia and their descendants. The original two-party system, with the Republican Party and the True Whig Party, ended in 1878, when the election of Anthony W. Gardiner marked the beginning of 102 years of single-party rule by the True Whigs.

Under the 1986 Constitution, the president is directly elected by eligible voters to a six-year term, which may be renewed once. Overall, 22 individuals have served as president. On January 22, 2018, George Weah was sworn in as the twenty-fifth and current president.

Under the original 1847 Constitution, the president was elected to a two-year term, which was increased to four years on May 7, 1907. Under this amendment, a new president would serve for eight years and could be re-elected to unlimited four-year terms.

Currently, the president is elected by popular vote to a six-year term and is limited to two terms.

To be eligible for office under the current Constitution, a presidential candidate must:





2017 Liberian general election

General elections were held in Liberia on 10 October 2017, electing the President and House of Representatives. No candidate won a majority in the first round of the presidential vote, so a run-off was held.

The elections are overseen by the National Elections Commission (NEC).

The run-off was held on 26 December. George Weah won the election with 62% of the vote.

Incumbent President Ellen Johnson Sirleaf, in office since 2006, is constitutionally barred from running for a third term; the election will thus choose her successor.



Joseph Boakai

Joseph Nyumah Boakai, Sr. (born 30 November 1944) is a Liberian politician who is the 26th President of Liberia since 2024. He was the Vice President of Liberia from 2006 until 2018, serving under President Ellen Johnson Sirleaf.

In 2016, Boakai announced his intention to run for the Liberian presidency in the 2017 general election. He is viewed by many as a safe and uncorrupt candidate. He faced Senator and football star George Weah in the second round, but lost the round to Weah.

Boakai ran for president again in 2023 facing Weah again in a rematch, this time narrowly winning.

Handjob

A handjob is the sexual stimulation of a male penis by another person's hands. It is similar to male masturbation but is done by someone else instead of by one's self. It is usually done by lightly grabbing the middle of the penis with one hand and while grabbing slightly above from the middle towards the testicles, repeatedly stroking the penis until the male reaches orgasm. Stimulation of the scrotum may also be accompanied, such as placing both the index and rude finger against the males testicles then placing your little finger on the tip of his foreskin. It is like fingering which is the sexual stimulation of a female's vulva using the fingers.

Malix

Malix was a municipality of the district of Plessur of the Swiss canton of Graubünden.

On 1 January 2010, the former municipalities of Malix and Parpan merged into the municipality of Churwalden.

Ventilator

A ventilator is a machine which artificially moves air in and out of the lungs of a patient in order to help them breathe if that patient cannot breathe on their own or breathe properly. Some ventilators can also be used in order give patients anesthesia and can be part of an anesthetic machine.

There are different types of ventilators which can work differently, but they all help pump air into and out of the lungs using pressure.

Some types of ventilators require someone else to make them work by hand and help the patient breathe for a short period of time: they are called manual resuscitators.

Bag-valve masks (BMVs) have an oxygen mask which covers the nose and mouth of the patient, a one-way valve attached between the mask and the bag which filters the moving air and prevents the air to be breathed back into the bag, and an inflatable bag which holds the air in and is squeezed by hand. An operator squeezes the bag which forces air into the patient's lungs, and as the hand releases the bag is the patient breathes out into the outer environment and the bag refills itself with outside air. The bag is squeezed and released by hand repeatedly in order to keep the patient breathing.

Amnesia bags is another type of manual resuscitator in which the bag does not refill itself with air as the patient is breathing. Instead, the bag is filled with air or gas beforehand and the bag is either squeezed by hand or the patient can inhale the air or gas inside of bath if they can breathe on their own.

Mechanical ventilators work by themselves without manual operation and are usually controlled by computers, and can be powered by either electricity connected to a wall outlet or battery, or pneumatics without the use of electricity. The air can be moved in and out of the patient by attaching an oxygen mask on the patient or by connecting the ventilator to a breathing tube inserted into the nostrils, the larynx or the trachea. They are used to help the patient breathe for a long period of time.
Positive pressure ventilators work by blowing air from the outside or from an oxygen tank or air tank through a pneumatic reservoir which holds and compressing the air, or through a turbine which turns around and forces the air through a mask or breathing tube and into the patient. As the air is forced into the lungs, the patient would later breathe out through a "patient circuit" with a one-way valve.
On the other hand, a negative pressure ventilator, also known as an "iron lung" or a tank respirator, is a chamber which is enclosed around the patient's chest and lowers the pressure inside the chamber around the chest area to a point in which the pressure inside the chamber is less than the pressure outside allowing the patient to breathe in, and then the pressure inside heightens to a point in which the pressure inside the chamber is greater than the pressure outside allowing the patient to breathe out. This process occurs periodically. Negative pressure ventilators are now considered obsolete and instead positive pressure ventilators are used in its place.

The Killing of a Sacred Deer

The Killing of a Sacred Deer is a 2017 psychological thriller and horror movie. The movie was directed by Yorgos Lanthimos. It tells the story of a surgeon having a familial bond with an evil and sinister teenage boy. The results are disastrous. Lanthimos and Efthymis Filippou won a Best Screenplay award at the Cannes Film Festival.


The movie has an 84 out of 100 percent scale rating from the Metacritic, representing high marks. Rotten Tomatoes has rated the movie at 80%, meaning "Fresh".

The movie will be released on October 20 and 27 for the United States.

Kim Wall

Kim Isabel Fredrika Wall, (23 March 1987 - 10 August 2017) was a Swedish journalist. She worked mostly in other countries and was murdered during work, writing a report about Peter Madsen and his submarine UC3 Nautilus in Køge Bugt Denmark. At the time of her death she lived in Gislöv in Trelleborg.

After school she continued her studies at Lunds University in Sweden. In 2011 she graduated in studies of international relations at London School of Economics and Political Science (LSE). During her years of studies she also studied at Beijing University. She also graduated from studies in international affairs from Columbia University in New York, there she also studied journalism.

During her time as a freelance journalist her work was published in "The Guardian", "New York Times", "Harper's Magazine", "Vice", "Slate". And for her work at Exodus in writing the reportage on nuclear tests and climate changes at the Marshall Islands she in 2016 was awarded the Hansel Meith award for Best Digital reportage.

In April 2018 Madsen was found guilty of killing Kim Wall and sentenced to prison for the rest of his life.


2016 United States presidential election in Maine

The 2016 United States presidential election in Maine was held on 8 November 2016. It was part of the 2016 United States presidential election, in which all other states plus the District of Columbia voted.

Below is a table with the polling results in Maine. Maine as a whole has voted Democrat in the general election since 1992.

The Democratic caucus occurred on 6 March 2016.

The Republican caucus occurred on 5 March 2016.



Bandi Chhor Divas

Bandi chhod diwas ("Day of Liberation") is a festival of Sikhs celebrated on Deepavali. As per the name bandi means "imprisoned" and chhod refers to "release". On this day 6th guru of Sikhs Sri Guru Hargobind Ji had got success in giving freedom to the prisoner kings who were living in the jail of Gwalior fort. On this day Sikh people go to gurudwara and listen kirtan and eat langar there. They celebrate this day very happily and clean their houses, shops and decorate them with lamp, candles. They distribute sweets to neighbours and poor people. Bandi Chhor Diwas is usually celebrated in October or November, depending on the lunar calendar, or the 'Desi months'.

Tagus

The Tagus ( ; ; ; Ancient Greek: Τάγος "Tagos") is the longest river in the Iberian Peninsula. 

It is long, in Spain and in Portugal. For it forms the border between Portugal and Spain. The river flows into the Atlantic Ocean near Lisbon. 

It drains an area of (the second largest in the Iberian peninsula after the Douro). The Tagus is highly utilized for most of its course. Several dams and diversions supply drinking water to most of central Spain, including Madrid, and Portugal, while dozens of hydroelectric stations create power. 

Between dams it follows a very constricted course, but after Almourol it enters a vast alluvial valley prone to flooding. At its mouth is a large estuary on which the port city of Lisbon is situated.

The source of the Tagus is the Fuente de García, in the Frías de Albarracín municipal term, Montes Universales, Sistema Ibérico, Sierra de Albarracín Comarca. All its major tributaries enter the Tagus from the right (north) bank. The main cities it passes through are Aranjuez, Toledo, Talavera de la Reina and Alcántara in Spain, and Abrantes, Santarém, Almada and Lisbon in Portugal.

Automated external defibrillator

An automated external defibrillator is a special type of defibrillator which can be used by people without medical education. A defibrillator is used to treat certain kinds of heart problems using controlled electric shocks. Almost all heart problems are medical emergencies. For each minute, that such a heart problem is left untreated, the chance of survival drops by about ten percent. Even if they are alerted immediately, emergency teams take some time to arrive. For this reason automated external defibrillator have been placed in locations where they are easily accessible, such as airports, and railway stations.

In many cases, using such a defibrillator will alert emergency services. Very often, the defibrillator will guide the person helping through its use. In some countries such as the United Kingdom, regional public ambulance services provide lists for people to show where all the publicly accessible defibrillators are located in their region (East of England Ambulance Services Trust for example). In some open public locations, defibrillators are secured in special cases which need a code to open them (see the example on the right). When you call for an ambulance, you tell the operator the location code on the case, and they give you the code to unlock it to get the defibrillator out.

Studies where conducted to see the survival rates of cardiac arrest. They showed that when public access defibrillators were used, the patient had a median chance of survival of forty percent. When operated by non-dispatched lay first responders they have the highest likelihood of leading to survival.

Commodity substitution bias

Commodity substitution bias is a problem with the calculation to find the change in an item's price change over time. 
It occurs when a new item which costs less is purchased instead of an item that was already available. This problem occurs because the CPI ( Consumer Price Index) is calculated from a ""fixed basket"" of goods and services. The CPI ignores the substitution of the inexpensive item for the expensive item. So CPI says the price of the expensive item had increased.

Tissue paper

Tissue paper or simply tissue is a lightweight paper or crêpe paper mainly used for personal hygiene.

Sasha Clements

Sasha Clements (born March 14, 1990) is a Canadian actress. She was born in Toronto, Ontario. She grew up in Toronto.

Cuthbert played Kiki Kincaid in "Majority Rules!". She starred as the title character in "The Snow Queen". She played one of the main characters in the sitcom "Open Heart".

Lekh Tandon

Lekh Tandon (13 February 1929 – 15 October 2017) was an Indian actor and movie director. His best known directorial works were "Professor", "Prince", "Ek Baar Kaho" and "Agar Tum Na Hote". In the 2000s, he began his acting career with movies such as "Swades", "Rang De Basanti", "Chennai Express", and "Chaarfutiya Chhokare".

He shared the 1978 Filmfare Best Screenplay Award for his movie, "Dulhan Wahi Jo Piya Man Bhaye", with Vrajendra Gaur and Madhusudan Kalekar.


Wolfgang Bötsch

Wolfgang Bötsch (8 September 1938 – 14 October 2017) was a German politician. He was born in Bad Kreuznach. He was a representative of the Christian Social Union of Bavaria. Between 1974 and 1976 he represented the Landtag of Bavaria. From 1976 to 2005 he was a member of the Bundestag, and between 1993 and 1997 he was the last Minister of Post and Telecommunications. 

Bötsch died on 14 October 2017 in Würzburg, Germany at the age of 79.

Rhins

The Rhins or Reins is a river in central France in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region. It is a right tributary of the Loire river.

The Rhins river has a length of , and a drainage basin with an area of .

The Rhins starts in the "Monts du Beaujolais", in the "commune" of Ranchal, (Rhône department), at an altitude of about . From here, the Rhins flows first to the south, then to the west and ends flowing to the northwest.

The Rhins river flows within the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region, 2 departments and 21 "communes". It flows through the following "communes", among others:

Finally, it flows into the Loire river in the "commune" of Roanne.

The main tributaries of the Rhins river are:
Left tributaries:
Right tributaries:
Its average yearly discharge (volume of water which passes through a section of the river per unit of time) is at Saint-Cyr-de-Favières in the Loire department, for the period 1969 - 2017.

The Rhins is a very irregular small river; it shows typical seasonal changes. The highest levels of the river are in winter and spring, from November to May inclusive, with the highest level in February. They are followed by a rapid fall in the flow during the low water period that goes from late June to early October.


Cinemax

Cinemax is an American pay cable television and satellite television network. It is owned by the Home Box Office division of Time Warner. The network usually broadcasts theatrically released feature movies, original series and softcore pornographic series and movies.

As of July 2015, Cinemax and its channels are available to more than 21 million subscribers in the United States.

Cinemax began on August 1, 1980.

The channel and its other channels play a variety of movies and television series, such as "Erotic Confessions", the "Lethal Weapon" franchise and some adult programming.

Channels of Cinemax include Action, Vanguard, Comedy, Suspense and Classic.

Viva Piñata

Viva Piñata is an animated television series. Released in 2006. based on the Xbox video game of the same name. 
Hudson Horstachio, a horse piñata with a green teal body. 
Franklin Flizzybear, a brown bear. 
Fergy Fudgehog, a green hedgehog. 
Paulie Pretzetail, a red fox with a pretzel-tail. 
Harvey Weinstein

Harvey Weinstein /wɑɪnstin/ (born March 19, 1952) is an American movie producer, movie studio executive and convicted rapist. He and his brother Bob Weinstein co-founded Miramax, which produced several popular independent movies including "Pulp Fiction", "Clerks", "The Crying Game", and "Sex, Lies, and Videotape".

Weinstein won an Academy Award for producing "Shakespeare in Love", and won seven Tony Awards for producing a variety of winning plays and musicals, including "The Producers", "Billy Elliot the Musical", and "".

Weinstein and his brother Bob were co-chairmen of The Weinstein Company from 2005 to 2017.

Weinstein is Jewish and a Democrat.

In Oscar acceptance speeches given since 1966, Weinstein has been thanked a total of 34 times by actors and actresses – equalling thanks given to God, and second only to Steven Spielberg with 43 mentions.

In October 2017, following many allegations of sexual harassment, sexual assault and rape, Weinstein was fired by his company's board of directors, and expelled from the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences. As a result, the #MeToo movement began to raise awareness of victims of sexual abuse and harassment.

On May 25, 2018, Weinstein was arrested in New York, charged with rape and other offenses, and released on bail.

On February 24, 2020, he was found guilty of two of five felonies in New York, charges which carry a sentence of up to twenty five years.

On March 22, 2020, Weinstein was diagnosed with COVID-19 while in prison in New York.

Ryan White

Ryan Wayne White (December 6, 1971 – April 8, 1990) was an American teenager from Kokomo, Indiana, who became a national poster child for HIV/AIDS in the United States after failing to be readmitted to school following an AIDS diagnosis. As a hemophiliac, he became infected with HIV from a contaminated blood treatment (Factor VIII) and, when diagnosed in December 1984, was given six months to live.

A lengthy administrative appeal process ensued, and news of the conflict turned Ryan into a popular celebrity and advocate for AIDS research and public education. Surprising his doctors, Ryan White lived five years longer than predicted but died in April 1990, one month before his high school graduation.

The United States Congress passed a major piece of AIDS legislation, the Ryan White CARE Act, shortly after White's death. The Act has been reauthorized twice; Ryan White Programs are the largest provider of services for people living with HIV/AIDS in the United States.

Dawn Brancheau

Dawn Therese Brancheau (née LoVerde, April 16, 1969 – February 24, 2010) was an American senior animal trainer at SeaWorld. She worked with orcas at SeaWorld Orlando for fifteen years, including a leading role in revamping the "Shamu" show, and was SeaWorld's poster girl.

Brancheau was killed by an orca, Tilikum, becoming the only SeaWorld trainer killed by an animal. However, her death was the third fatality associated with Tilikum, and many other trainers have been seriously injured by orcas.

Paul F. Tompkins

Paul Francis Tompkins (born September 12, 1968) is an American actor, comedian, screenwriter and television producer. He is known for his work in television on such programs as "Mr. Show with Bob and David", "Real Time with Bill Maher" and "Best Week Ever", later renamed "Best Week Ever with Paul F. Tompkins".

Tompkins was born Paul Francis Tompkins in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania on September 12, 1968. He has two brothers (one older, one younger) and three sisters (all older).

In 1986, Tompkins first performed comedy at 17 years of age at the Comedy Works in Philadelphia (a club now located in Bristol, Pennsylvania), where he performed as half of a sketch comedy duo with the late Rick Roman.

Tompkins attended Temple University; however, he dropped out and left for Los Angeles, California in 1994.


The War

The War is the fourth studio album of the South Korean boy band EXO. It was digitally published on July 18, 2017 and physically on July 19 by S.M. Entertainment under the distribution of Genie Music. The album includes a total of nine songs including the lead single "Ko Ko Bop". "The War" got the highest number of pre-orders at that time for a K-pop album, with more than 800,000 physical copies. Twenty-four days later to be released, "The War" became EXO's fourth consecutive studio album to have sold more than a million copies. On September 5, 2017, the group released the reissue of the album under the name of The War: The Power of Music.

At a press conference on May 28, 2017 regarding The EXO'rDIUM tour, Baekhyun revealed that the single from the next album was already finished, adding that both the group and the agency were satisfied with the result. During an interview for "Billboard" the same month, the leader, Suho, revealed that EXO would most likely make his return to the stage "in hot days"; in the next month, an agent of S.M. Entertainment confirmed that the comeback would be in summer. On June 23, S.M. announced that Lay would not participate in this comeback, due to his activities in China, which overlapped with those of the group.

The first teaser video for "Ko Ko Bop" was revealed during a concert of the SM Town Live World Tour VI. As of June 9, S.M. began to publish individual teasers of the members, where they were revealed fragments of the other songs. The album's title was revealed as "The War" on July 10 by the group's agency and was digitally released on July 18 and physically on the 19th. Pre-sales for the album began on July 10, and purchases caused Synnara's downfall and temporary blocking of site servers. The next day, Synnara revealed that there will be three versions —regular A, regular B, and private— for both the Korean version and Mandarin. The private version has exclusive content like photos taken by the members themselves, comments about the songs, and notes from the producers and the group about the album.

During a broadcast on July 20, Baekhyun confirmed that the group would release a reissue of the album. He added: "Ko Ko Bop is exactly what it is, an eve or a pre-sequel. The title of our new album is The War. You can see us taking advantage of the night before we start the fight, to go to the real war. At that moment, that is the tip of the iceberg. When we hear about the concept, we think: that is the S.M. for you. His planning exploded my mind."

On August 21, 2017, S.M. Entertainment, confirmed that EXO planned to make their comeback with a repackage album for "The War" in early September. S.M. Entertainment began to release teasers of the reissue of the album with the message "The Power of Music". The first teaser titled #Total_Eclipse was released on August 21, 2017 at the same time as the solar eclipse of August 21, 2017. The second teaser was released on August 28 entitled "Parallel_Universe."

The third teaser titled "Power # RF_05" was released on August 30. On the same day, the title of the reissue was revealed as "The War: The Power of Music" and will be released on September 5, 2017 with twelve songs including the single "Power". On August 31, it was revealed that the album includes three new songs: "Power", "Sweet Lies" and "Boomerang", along with the nine original songs of "The War".

In February 2017, Suho said members were planning to actively promote themselves in 2017, kicking off during the Korean summer of that year. To publicize the group's comeback to social networks, official pages were created on Facebook, Instagram, Twitter and Weibo, where they released the teaser previously released during the SM Town Live World Tour VI tour and the other individual teasers. On Twitter, the group used Instant Unlock, which allows users to watch videos and special content to spread it. To gain access to the video, it was necessary for site users to choose a hashtag ─#EXO, #KoKoBop, or #TheWAREXO─ and tweet about it, making it a trend worldwide.

From July 14 to 16, fans will be able to listen to the single before their release in COEX Artium with 3D sound in virtual reality. EXO performed a special broadcast titled "Ko Ko Bop on One Night Summer" through the V application of Naver two hours after the release of the album, where they talked about various issues related to their release and production. His promotions in musical programs began in "M! Countdown" performing the single from the album and "전야 (The Eve)". The promotions ended on August 13, winning eleven trophies in music programs. EXO also performed their new songs in Hong Kong during the SM Town Live World Tour VI on August 5 and "Ko Ko Bop" and "The Eve" on Music Bank World Tour in Jakarta on September 2. On September 6, EXO organized a mini fan meeting where they performed "Power" for the first time. The promotions of the reissue began in musical programs since September 7 in "M! Countdown".

"Ko Ko Bop" ranked first in the Melon Realtime Chart, making EXO the first K-pop group to be number one on the list after the changes to the list were implemented on February 27, 2017. The other songs of the album entered in the top 9. It was reported that several servers crashing, due to the large number of fans entering the web pages. "Ko Ko Bop" also surpassed the 155 lists of iTunes around the world, including K-pop and pop lists, as well as lists of all genres. "Ko Ko Bop" topped Gaon's digital chart for four consecutive weeks, making EXO the first artist to achieve it in 2017. EXO also became the third group of idols to position themselves in Gaon's first place for four weeks, as well as the only group of male idols. The song also ranked first in Gaon Monthly Chart in August, making EXO the first group in 2017 and the fifth group of boys since 2012 to position itself in first place.

On September 14, the song of EXO, "Power", got the highest score of all time in "M! Countdown" with 11 000 points, making EXO the first artist to achieve a perfect score after system changes were implemented in June 2015. The victory also marks its 100th win in music programs.

Medina, Washington

Medina is a city located in the Eastside, a region of King County, Washington, United States. Surrounded on the north, west, and south by Lake Washington, opposite Seattle. Medina is bordered by Clyde Hill and Hunts Point, as well as the satellite city of Bellevue. The city's population was 2,969 at the 2010 census. The city is mostly residential and includes Bill Gates's house.

Mlondi Dlamini

Mlondi Edward Dlamini (3 March 1997 – 8 October 2017) was a South African professional footballer. He played for Maritzburg United. He played as a midfielder. He was born in Howick, South Africa.

Dlamini died in a car accident on 8 October 2017.

El Ranco

The El Ranco Province () is one of two provinces of the Chilean region of Los Ríos (XIV). The provincial capital is the city of La Unión.

The El Ranco province, as Ranco province, was created with the creation of the Los Ríos region in 2007. The name of the province was changed from Ranco to El Ranco in 2008.

The El Ranco province is in the southern half of the Los Ríos region with an area of . The capital, La Unión, is in the western part of the province.

El Ranco is bordered to the north by the Valdivia province, to the east by Argentina, to the south by the Los Lagos region and to the west by the Pacific Ocean.

The main river in the province is "Bueno" river that flows from the Ranco lake to the Pacific Ocean; it is long.

The average amount of precipitation for the year in Lago Ranco, at an altitude of , is . The month with the most precipitation on average is May with of precipitation. The month with the least precipitation on average is January with an average of .

In 2002 (last national census), there were 97,153 people living in the province, giving it a population density of inhabitants/km². The urban population was 51,273 persons ( of the total population).

The largest city of the province, in 2002, is its capital, La Unión, with 25,615 inhabitants.

As a province, El Ranco is a second-level administrative division, consisting of 4 communes ("comunas"). The city of La Unión serves as the provincial capital. The province is administered by a governor.



Ninozca Vasquez

Ninoska Vásquez Álvarez (born August 25, 1992 in Barquisimeto, Venezuela) is a Venezuelan model and beauty queen. She won the titles of Miss Tourism Universe 2014 and Miss Earth Venezuela 2017. She will represent Venezuela in Miss Earth 2017.


Valdivia Province

The Valdivia Province () is one of the two provinces in the Chilean region of Los Ríos (XIV). The capital of the province, and of the region, is the city of Valdivia.

The Valdivia province is in the northern half of the Los Ríos region with an area of . The capital, Valdivia, is in the western part of the province.

Valdivia is bordered to the north by the Cautín province (La Araucanía region), to the east by Argentina, to the south by the El Ranco province and to the west by the Pacific Ocean.

The main river in the province is the "Valdivia" river.

The climate of the Valdivia province, in the city of Valdivia, is an oceanic climate, Cfb (Marine West Coast Climate) in the Köppen climate classification.

The average temperature for the year in Valdivia is . The warmest month, on average, is January with an average temperature of . The coolest month on average is July, with an average temperature of .

The average amount of precipitation for the year in Valdivia is . The month with the most precipitation on average is June with of precipitation. The month with the least precipitation on average is January with an average of .

 (last national census), there were 259,243 people living in the province, giving it a population density of inhabitants/km². The urban population was 192,066 persons ( of the total population).

The largest city of the province, in 2002, is its capital, Valdivia, with 127,750 inhabitants.

As a province, Valdivia is a second-level administrative division, consisting of 8 communes ("comunas"). The city of Valdivia serves as the provincial capital. The province is administered by a governor.



Isnilon Hapilon

Isnilon Totoni Hapilon (March 18, 1966 – October 16, 2017), also known by the "nom de guerre" Abu Abdullah al-Filipini ("Abu Abdullah the Filipino"), was a Filipino Islamist militant affiliated with ISIS.

He was formerly leader of Abu Sayyaf Group before its battalions pledged their allegiance to Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi.

An April 2016 issue of ISIS' weekly newsletter "Al Naba" said that Hapilon had been appointed as "emir of all Islamic State forces in the Philippines".

In the early morning of October 16, 2017, he was killed at the age of 51 by the Philippine military in the Battle of Marawi along with Omar Maute.

Sean Hughes

Sean Hughes (born John Hughes; 10 November 1965 – 16 October 2017) was an English-born Irish stand-up comedian, writer and actor. He starred in his own Channel 4 television show "Sean's Show" and was one of the regular team captains on the BBC Two musical panel game "Never Mind the Buzzcocks". He was born in London.

Hughes died on 16 October 2017 from cardiac arrest complicated by cirrhosis of the liver in London, aged 51.


Daphne Caruana Galizia

Daphne Anne Caruana Galizia (; 26 August 1964 – 16 October 2017) was a Maltese journalist and blogger. She was known for her work as an investigative journalist and revealing controversial sensitive information, including reports and allegations related to the Panama Papers. 

She was born as Daphne Anne Vella on 26 August 1964 in Sliema, Crown Colony of Malta. She studied at University of Malta. Her career began in 1987. She was married to Peter Caruana Galizia from 1985 until her assassination in 2017. They have three sons.

Caruana Galizia was assassinated by a car bomb explosion close to her home in Bidnija on 16 October 2017. The perpetrator is currently unknown. She was 53 years old.

"Invicta: The Life and Work of Daphne Caruana Galizia"

Bastian Obermayer

Bastian Obermayer (born 1977 in Rosenheim) is a Pulitzer Prize-winning German investigative journalist with the Munich-based newspaper "Süddeutsche Zeitung" (SZ), and the reporter who received the Panama Papers from an anonymous source. 

Obermayer is also author of several books, among them the best selling account of the Panama Papers: The Panama Papers: Breaking the Story of How the Rich and Powerful Hide Their Money - co-authored by his colleague Frederik Obermaier.

Floodplain restoration

Flood plain restoration is the process of returning a flood plain to its condition before people modified the landscape for development or agriculture.

Abdul Ali Mazari

Abdul Ali Mazari () was an ethnic Hazara politician and leader of the Hezbe Wahdat political party in Afghanistan.

Abdul Ali Mazari was born in 1946, in Charkent District, Balkh Province, Afghanistan, He died in March 1995, in Ghazni Province, Afghanistan.


John Dunsworth

John Francis Dunsworth (April 12, 1946 – October 16, 2017) was a Canadian actor. He was best known for playing the always drunk trailer park supervisor Jim Lahey on the comedy series "Trailer Park Boys" and the mysterious reporter Dave Teagues on the supernatural drama series "Haven". He also appeared in "", a CBC movie.

Dunsworth died on October 16, 2017 in Halifax, Nova Scotia at the age of 71. In a statement to CBC News, Dunsworth's daughter Sarah described the illness as "short and unexpected" and stated that her father was an "amazing husband, father and grandfather".


Phonetic transcription

Phonetic transcription is the act of writing down the way a word sounds. One way of writing phonetic transcription is by using the International Phonetic Alphabet. This is helpful because in many languages, words are sometimes written differently than how they are pronounced. Some people also pronounce words differently due to their accent. Different languages also use different writing systems. Phonetic transcription can tell a person how a word sounds even if they can not read the language's writing system.

Don Pedro Colley

Don Pedro Colley (August 30, 1938 – October 11, 2017) was an American actor. Some of his best known roles include Gideon on "Daniel Boone", Ongaro in "Beneath the Planet of the Apes", SRT in George Lucas' "THX 1138", Joshua in "The Legend of Nigger Charley" and Sheriff Little in the 1980s TV series "The Dukes of Hazzard".

Colley was born in Klamath Falls, Oregon. He studied at the University of Oregon. He played American football and track and field (athletics), which led to an unsuccessful try-out for the 1960 Summer Olympics. Colley died on October 11, 2017 in Klamath Falls after a battle with cancer at the age of 79.


Samara Weaving

Samara Weaving (born 23 February 1992) is an Australian actress and model. Her first role was Kirsten Mulroney in the Australian-produced BBC TV series "Out of the Blue". From 2009 to 2013, she played Indi Walker in "Home and Away". For her role of Indi, Weaving was nominated for the Audience Choice Award for Best Female Performance in a Television Drama at the 1st AACTA Awards in 2012.

Weaving had a recurring role as Heather in the first season of "Ash vs Evil Dead" in 2015.

Almost Heroes

Almost Heroes is an American 1998 comedy movie directed by Christopher Guest and it starred Chris Farley in his final movie role, Matthew Perry, Harry Shearer and Hank Azaria. It was distributed by Warner Bros.


Winnie Couture

Winnie Couture is a California-based fashion clothing and apparel brand, established in 2001. Winnie Couture designs a broad range of luxury attires and is internationally distributed through its portfolio of retail stores. This brand is said to be one of the fastest growing bridal collections across the USA.

Winnie Couture was established in 2001 by husband and wife, Chris Lee and Winnie Chlomin Lee. With its headquarters in Beverly Hills, Winnie Couture has subsidiaries in Dallas(Texas), Atlanta(Georgia), and Charlotte(North Carolina) in the USA. In 2016, this luxury bridal brand opened its first Asian flagship store at Staunton Street, Hong Kong.

Wedding gowns from Winnie Couture, are known for their exquisite beadwork and embroidery details and matching veils. The designs are largely said to be a blend of the modern translation of vintage fashion and royal embellishments.

In 2006, Winnie Couture introduced its Destination Collection, and in 2008, Winnie Chlomin Diamond Label Collection was introduced. Avant Mariée Collection was introduced on 2009.

Winnie Couture is featured in publications such as, Modern Brides, The Knot, InStyle Weddings, Brides, and Modern Luxury.

The brand is said to be well-known in Hollywood, having dressed the celebrities like Jennifer Aniston, Lea Michele, Kelly Clarkson, Scarlett Johansson, Giuliana Rancic and Helen Hunt.

History of organizational changes in the NHL

In 1917, games started to be played in the National Hockey League. In the first two seasons, there were only three teams, but now, there are thirty-one. Over the time that it has been around the NHL has added and lost teams many times. This is the complete history of organizational changes in the NHL. 

The first four NHL teams were the Montreal Canadiens, Montreal Wanderers, the original Ottawa Senators and the Toronto Arenas, but after only playing four games, the Wanderers arena was burned down. This made them leave the league. 

In the 1919-20 NHL season, the NHL added its first new team - the Quebec Bulldogs. Also, the Toronto Arenas changed their name to the St. Patricks. In the 1920-21 NHL season, the Quebec Bulldogs moved to Hamilton and became the Tigers. 

Two new teams joined the league in the 1924-25 NHL season - the Boston Bruins and the Montreal Maroons.

The next season, the NHL added another new team - the Pittsburgh Pirates. Also, the Hamilton Tigers moved to New York City and became the New York Americans.

The NHL continued to add teams the next season, adding the Chicago Black Hawks, the Detroit Cougars and the New York Rangers. This means the league finished its first season with three teams in 1917, but ended up with more than three times more by the end of their first decade. Also, during this season, the Toronto St. Patricks changed their name to the Maple Leafs. In the 1930-31 NHL season, the Pirates moved to Philadelphia and became the Quakers, while the Detroit Cougars changed their name to the Falcons. 

The NHL finally lost a team four the first time in fourteen seasons. The Philadelphia Quakers and Ottawa Senators did not play in the 1931-32 NHL season. 

In the 1932-33 NHL season, the Ottawa Senators rejoined the league and the Detroit Falcons were renamed the Red Wings. In the 1934-35 NHL season, the Ottawa Senators moved to St. Louis and became the Eagles.

The NHL lost the Eagles after playing just one season in St. Louis and the league was again an eight-team league for three seasons.

The league lost the Montreal Maroons in the 1938-39 NHL season, bringing the number of teams to seven, the same number of teams there were 12 years before. There were seven teams for four seasons. The last season there was this many teams was 1941-42. That year, the New York Americans moved to Brooklyn and left the league the next season.

When the league lost the Brooklyn Americans in 1943, a new era began called the Original Six era. For the next 25 years, there were no organization changes.

The 1966-67 NHL season was the last year of the Orginal Six era because in the 1967-68 NHL season, there were 12 teams, or twice as many as there were the year before. The new six teams were the California Seals, the Los Angeles Kings, the Minnesota North Stars, the Philadelphia Flyers, the Pittsburgh Penguins and the St. Louis Blues. During this season, California was renamed the Oakland Seals. 

The Oakland Seals were then renamed the California Golden Seals for the 1970-71 NHL season. The same year, the league added two new teams - the Buffalo Sabres and the Vancouver Canucks. 

Two more teams joined the NHL two years later - the New York Islanders and the Atlanta Flames. 

Again, after two years, two more teams joined the NHL - the Washington Capitals and the Kansas City Scouts. Two years later, the California Golden Seals moved to Cleveland and became the Barons. The Kansas City Scouts moved also to Denver and became the Colorado Rockies. 

In the 1978-79 NHL season, the members of the Cleveland Barons franchise became part of the Minnesota North Stars. This was the forced time since 1942 that the league lost a team. 

In 1979, the World Hockey Association (WHA) ended and four teams from the league joined the NHL. They were the Edmonton Oilers, the New England Whalers (who became the Hartford Whalers after joining the league), the Quebec Nordiques and the Winnipeg Jets. At this point, the NHL had three Canadian teams, but with three of the teams coming from the WHA being Canadian, there were then twice as many Canadian teams as before.

In the 1980-81 NHL season, the Atlanta Flames moved to Calgary Flames. Then, in the 1982-83 NHL season, the Colorado Rockies moved to Newark and became the New Jersey Devils. In the 1986-87 NHL season, the Chicago Black Hawks changed the spelling of their name to Black Hawks.

In 1991, lots of teams were beginning to be added to the NHL. That year, it started with the San Jose Sharks.

Two new teams joined the league the next season - the Ottawa Senators and the Tampa Bay Lightning.

The next season, another two teams joined the league - the Florida Panthers and the Mighty Ducks of Anaheim. Also, the Minnesota North Stars moved to Dallas Stars and dropped the word "north" from their name. In the 1995-96 NHL season, the Quebec Nordiques moved to Denver and became the Colorado Avalanche. The next season, the Winnipeg Jets moved also to Phoenix and became the Coyotes. The season after that, the Hartford Whalers moved to Raleigh and became the Carolina Hurricanes. 

The Nashville Predators joined the league for the 1998-99 NHL season.

For next season, another team joined the league - the Atlanta Thrashers.

The NHL added the Columbus Blue Jackets and the Minnesota Wild for the 2000-01 NHL season, bringing the number of teams to thirty. This was the number of teams there were for 17 seasons. The Mighty Ducks of Anaheim changed their name to the Anaheim Ducks in the 2006-07 NHL season. Then, the Atlanta Thrashers moved to Winnipeg to become the Jets in the 2011-12 NHL season. Finally, the Phoenix Coyotes changed their name to the Arizona Coyotes in the 2014-15 NHL season.

In the 2017-18 NHL season, the Vegas Golden Knights joined the league. The Seattle Kraken will join the league in the 2021–22 season.

Kingdom of France

The Kingdom of France (; ; ) is the name given to various political entities of France in the Middle Ages and modern times. According to historians, three major events started the Kingdom of France: the advent of Clovis I in 481, the Treaty of Verdun and the election of Hugues Capet in 987. The kingdom lasted until 1792 and was briefly restored in 1814 to 1815 and then from 1815 to 1848.

The King of the Franks, Clovis I, sealed the alliance of Frankish Kingdoms with the Catholic Church at his baptism. That alliance was perpetuated in the Kingdom of France by the crowning of kings at Reims, which made them monarchs by divine right. The first Capetians were anxious to crown their eldest son in their lifetime because their authority was limited in reality to the Ile de France. It was not until Philippe Auguste that their official acts called it the Kingdom of France and that they are able to make a real act of authority throughout the kingdom. Their territory was the feudal fiefs of which king of Western France had been the suzerain since the 843 division of the Carolingian Empire.

The gradual integration of the feudal fiefs into the royal domain required the establishment of a royal administration. Louis IX attached the main importance to its role as justiciary. The "parlement", the high court of justice, was put in place. The Hundred Years' War allowed Charles VII to establish an army and permanent taxes. Richelieu and Louis XIV strengthened the royal authority in the provinces by bringing the local governors of the nobility under their stewardship and by delegating to them stewards appointed by the king.

The tendency of royalty to exercise more and more absolute power could be challenged in times of turmoil, civil wars and the reigns of minor kings. The dispute took a more pronounced character on the occasion of the diffusion of the philosophy of enlightenment and of the values that it carried: government of reason, separation of powers, individual liberties. The French Revolution led to the establishment of a French constitutional monarchy. However, the different formulas experienced failure in 1792, 1830 and 1848, which ended the French monarchy.

Optician

Opticians fit eyeglasses or contact lenses from a prescription from an optometrist or ophthalmologist. Generally they run businesses. In some countries they may be paid by health services or health insurers.

The earliest known opticians are in the thirteenth century in Italy.

In the British National Health Service about 5 million pairs of spectacles were provided each year in the 1950s.
See also: Optics

Wamego, Kansas

Wamego is a city in Pottawatomie County, Kansas, United States. 4,841 people lived there in the 2020 census.

The Kansas River flows along the southern edge of the city.

Aylesford railway station

Aylesford railway station is a railway station in Aylesford in Kent. The station is 30 minutes away from South Aylesford Retail Park. The station is on the Medway Valley Line.

Schnaus

Schnaus was a municipality of the district of Surselva in the canton of Graubünden, Switzerland.

On 1 January 2014, the former municipalities of Schnaus, Castrisch, Ilanz, Ladir, Luven, Pitasch, Riein, Ruschein, Sevgein, Duvin, Pigniu, Rueun and Siat merged into the new municipality of Ilanz/Glion.

Modernist music

Modernist music is the name of a movement in classical music, which was common in the early 20th century.

Palm Islands

Palm Islands is the name of a project to build three artificial archipelagos on the coast of Dubai.


Dine and dash

Dine and dash is eating or drinking in a restaurant or similar places without paying or unable to pay. It is often treated as a crime if someone do it willfully.

There are many slang variations for this act.

Aylesford, Kent

Aylesford is a village and civil parish on the River Medway in Kent, It is 4 miles northwest of Maidstone in England.

It has a railway station, Aylesford railway station and it has a retail park, South Aylesford Retail Park.

Aylesford

Aylesford may mean:


Particularly Dangerous Situation

A Particularly Dangerous Situation (PDS) is a type of enhanced wording first used by the Storm Prediction Center (SPC), a national guidance center of the United States National Weather Service, for tornado watches and eventually expanded to use for other severe weather watches and warnings. It is issued at the discretion of the forecaster composing the watch or warning and implies that there is an enhanced risk of very severe and life-threatening weather, usually a major tornado outbreak or (much less often) a long-lived, extreme derecho event, but possibly another weather hazard such as an exceptional landslides.

Panama Papers

The Panama Papers are 11.5 million leaked documents that talked about financial and attorney–client information for more than 214,488 offshore tax accounts. The documents, some traced back to the 1970s, were created by, and taken from, Panamanian law firm and corporate service provider Mossack Fonseca, and were leaked in 2015 by an anonymous source to German journalist Bastian Obermayer. 

The documents contain personal financial information about wealthy individuals and public officials that had been kept private. While offshore business tax activities are legal, reporters found that some of the Mossack Fonseca shell corporations were used for illegal purposes, including fraud, tax evasion, and evading international sanctions.


Mychael Knight

Michael Anthony Knight Jr. (April 11, 1978 – October 17, 2017) was an American fashion designer. He was born in Nuremberg, Germany to Pamela and Michael Anthony Knight, Sr..

In 2005, Knight auditioned for the second season of the Bravo network reality television series, "Project Runway", but he was not accepted as a season two contestant. In 2006, Knight reauditioned for "Project Runway", and this time he was accepted as a contestant for season three. Knight went on to win season three's Fan Favorite award and to place fourth in the overall competition.

In 2007, Knight introduced his label, Mychael Knight, on BET's "Rip the Runway" and he designed a line of custom tees for the Starbucks Corporation.

Knight died on October 17, 2017 in Atlanta, Georgia at the age of 39. His death was possibly related to recent treatments for intestinal infection.

Ricardo Vidal

Ricardo Tito Jamin Vidal (; 6 February 1931 – 18 October 2017) was a Filipino cardinal-priest and the Archbishop-Emeritus of Cebu in the Roman Catholic Church. On 15 October 2010 his resignation as Archbishop of Cebu was accepted by Pope Benedict XVI; he was replaced by Jose S. Palma, formerly Archbishop of Palo, on 13 January 2011. He was born in Mogpog, Marinduque.

Vidal was President of the Catholic Bishops' Conference of the Philippines (CBCP) from 1986 to 1987, and became Chairman of the CBCP-Episcopal Commission on the Clergy in 1989. He was appointed as the Federation of Asian Bishops' Conferences's Convenor of the Standing Committee (1985 to 1994).

Vidal died on 18 October 2017 in Cebu City, Philippines from sepsis at the age of 86.


Winnie Chlomin Lee

Winnie Chlomin Lee (born August 25, 1977 in Hong Kong) is a Chinese-American fashion and wedding dress designer. She is the co-founder and creative director of the Winnie Couture, wedding attire brand, based in Beverly Hills, California.

Lee was born and raised in Hong Kong, immigrated to the United States at the age of 15. Lee is said to be passionate about sewing dressmaking from a very young age, with an innate sense of style and these are said to reflect in her designs.

She attended the School of Architecture at the University of Houston.She married her life partner Chris Lee in 1999.

Lee and her husband found Winnie Couture in 2001. Lee’s designs are largely said to embody “classic-feminine” bridal fashion. Lee is known for her structural, tailored and flawless designs. Winnie Couture is known to be one of the fastest growing and high-in-demand bridal collections nationally and internationally in places like Europe and Asia.

Lee’s label is well-known Hollywood having dressed celebrities like, Giuliana Rancic, Kelly Clarkson, Lea Michele, Jennifer Aniston, Masiela Lusha, and Helen Hunt.

Lee’s designs have been featured in InStyle, Brides, Modern Luxury, Modern Brides, and People. Lee has appeared on various TV shows such as, ABC’s The Bachelorette, The CW’s Shedding for the Wedding, Oprah Winfrey Network’s Don't Tell the Bride, E!’s Bridalplasty, VH1’s Basketball Wives, and WE TV's My Fair Wedding.

Maidstone Barracks railway station

Maidstone Barracks railway station is one of three railway stations which serve Maidstone in Kent.



Mauser 1918 T-Gewehr

The Mauser 1918 T-Gewehr was an anti-tank rifle, of German production, used towards the end of World War I. At the Battle of the Somme, the British first used tanks. The Germans were surprised, and had no weapons (rifles) that could be used against tanks. For this reason, they developed one: The Mauser anti-tank rifle was the first rifle that was able to penetrate the larger shell of a tank. It was used towards the end of WWI. It was able to penetrate 20-25mm of tank shell, at a distance of .

Vauxhall (disambiguation)

Vauxhall is a district in the London Borough of Lambeth. it may also refer to:




MIMO

MIMO (Multiple Input, Multiple Output) is a technology which allows an antenna or multiple antennas to communicate with multiple devices, which minimizes errors and maximize efficiency. The most commonly used MIMO variant is MU-MIMO, which stands for Multiple User-Multiple Input, Multiple Output. In layman's terms, imagine a classroom with one teacher and many students who need help. Since there is only one teacher, it will take the teacher a while to fully help all the students. But if there are multiple teachers, students will get help much faster and better. The same way, a router with MU-MIMO technology will be able to communicate with multiple devices with increased speed and minimal errors.

MIMO technologies are most commonly found in routers, smartphones, laptops, TVs, etc. Wi-Fi, LTE; Long Term Evolution, and many other radio, wireless and RF technologies are using the new MIMO wireless technology to provide increased link capacity and spectral efficiency combined with improved link reliability using what were previously seen as interference paths.

Two researchers: Arogyaswami Paulraj and Thomas Kailath were first to propose the use of spatial multiplexing using MIMO in 1993 and in the following year their US patent was granted.

Issam Zahreddine

Issam Jad'aan Zahreddine (; 1961 – 18 October 2017) sometimes called as Issam Zaher Eldin or Issam Zaher al-Deen, was a Major General of the Syrian Republican Guard. He played a major role in the Syrian Civil War, leading government forces on several fronts. His most prominent role was the leadership of the surrounded Syrian forces during the over three-year long Siege of Deir ez-Zor. 

Syrian news agencies reported on 18 October 2017, that Zahreddine was killed by a land mine explosion during operations against the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant on Saqr island in Deir ez-Zor.

Beverly Reid O'Connell

Beverly Reid O'Connell (May 12, 1965 – October 8, 2017) was an American judge. She served as United States District Judge of the United States District Court for the Central District of California from April 30, 2013 until her death on October 8, 2017. She was nominated by President Barack Obama. She was born in Ventura, California.

O'Connell died on October 8, 2017 at a hospital in Santa Monica, California while being in a coma after suffering from a brain aneurysm at the age of 52.


Kowalczyk brothers

Ryszard Kowalczyk (20 February 1937 – 18 October 2017) and Jerzy Kowalczyk (born 1942) are Polish brothers who planted a bomb as a protest against the communist rule in Poland. The Kowalczyk brothers were scientists at Opole University. They were born in Warsaw.

On 6 October 1971 as a protest specifically against the violence perpetrated by the communist authorities against a large workers' protest. The big explosion destroyed the university hall where the celebrations were to take place.

With the rise of Solidarity in the 1980s, pardons were issued and the brothers were freed for good behavior: Ryszard in 1983 and Jerzy in 1985. In 1991 President Lech Wałęsa decided that their sentences were legally "forgotten" which would allow them to work again.

Ryszard Kowalczyk died on 18 October 2017 in Warsaw at the age of 80.

Yeoh Tiong Lay

"Tan Sri" Yeoh Tiong Lay (; 18 December 1929 – 18 October 2017) was a Malaysian business tycoon. He founded YTL Corporation, Malaysia's largest conglomerate, with interests in construction, utilities, hotels, property development and technology.

YTL is based primarily in Malaysia but has extensive operations in Asia, Australia and the United Kingdom, where it owns the utility Wessex Water.

Yeoh was one of the richest individuals in Malaysia; his family is estimated to have a net worth of US$2.96 billion as of October 2017. Yeoh was honored with the Order of the Rising Sun, Gold Rays with Neck Ribbon by the Emperor of Japan.

Yeoh died of a heart attack on 18 October 2017 at the age of 87.

Cannabidiol

Cannabidiol (CBD) is one of the 150+ naturally occurring phytocannabinoids found in certain strains of hemp and in all cannabis plant strains.

CBD is the abbreviated version of cannabidiol, which is one of the leading compound found in hemp plant, as naturally hemp has more CBD than any other compound found in its chemical composition. CBD is a cannabinoid, and due to their relationship with the body’s endocannabinoid system, it is a unique compounds from others, it uses cannabinoids to perform regulatory actions which affect our overall wellbeing.

It is legal in many places and is used in the management and treatment of chronic pain, PTSD, anxiety, anxiety disorder, depression, diabetes type 1, diabetes type 2, seizures, and in conjunction with allopathic approaches to diseases including cancer chemotherapy and radiation therapy. Anecdotally CBD is being used with claimed positive results by patients for almost every illness.

CBD, unlike Δ9-THC (Tetrahydrocannabinol), is a non psycho-active compound of cannabis. Its use and popularity as an alternative to pharmaceutical drugs is growing worldwide despite difficulties, ambiguities and, in some cases, contradictory legal status in some states and countries.

In the USA the consumption of CBD hemp oil is federally legal, since CBD hemp oil falls under the same importation and commerce laws as other hemp products. Some US states have not enacted legislation specifically relating to CBD hemp oil and continue to use high THC cannabis laws to govern the status of CBD. At the same time many states have legislated to legalize or decriminalize cannabis.

Most states have detailed information relating to the legal status of recreational cannabis, CBD, and what is increasingly referred to as 'medicinal cannabis'. up-to-date state specific info can be seen at Legal history of cannabis in the United States (in Notes).

In 1939 Irishman William Brooke O'Shaughnessy introduced cannabis extract to American pharmacies and thus began it's popularity as a remedy. A wide range of cannabis extracts became freely available and could be gotten from travelling doctors, 'snake oil salesmen', and apothecaries across America and Europe.

The general lack of controls and regulation at the time lead to some deaths and injuries linked back to supposed cannabis extracts. Unscrupulous makers produced formulations that were of questionable quality for quick profits and some cases the ingredients were toxic or poisonous. This unfortunate practice was widespread across the profitable field of medicine and remedies.

As result, in 1906, The Pure Food and Drug Act was passed by the United States Congress. It required that certain special drugs, including cannabis extracts, be properly and correctly labeled with contents. Prior to this many drugs were marketed as 'patented' medicines with 'secret ingredients'. The new regulations, however, did nothing to stem criticism about the availability of narcotics in particular and around 1910 there was a new round of legislation aimed to strengthen requirements for their sale and remove 'loopholes' in poison laws.

The 1910 revisions were designed to restrict all narcotics, including cannabis, as poisons therefore requiring a doctors prescription and limiting sales to pharmacies only. The first instance of the 1906 Act was enacted by the District of Columbia in the same year as 'An act to regulate the practice of pharmacy and the sale of poisons in the District of Columbia, and for other purposes'. The act was again updated in 1938 to the Federal Pure Food, Drug, and Cosmetics Act of 1938 which is still current as of the early 21st century. To date, marijuana remains under this law defined as a "dangerous drug".

CBD as a separate substance or as an ingredient of other products is legal across the USA since it is a hemp extract however when purchasing people should check their specific local and national laws.

Evidence suggests that hemp and cannabis may have been farmed for up to 12,000 years and had many uses including the making of cloth, rope, paper, food, and medicine. However, in the modern context, it was not until its introduction to American pharmacies by William Brooke O'Shaughnessy in 1839 that Cannabis extracts came into mainstream awareness as a medicine. A wide range of cannabis extracts became easily available and could be gotten from travelling doctors and salesmen, doctors, and drugstores throughout America. This ended the introduction of the Pure Food and Drug Act. Similar products were also available across Europe.

In the early decades of the 21st century, CBD is again becoming well known for its qualities as a remedy for health problems. Its world-wide popularity is ahead of the slow process of making it legal to produce, supply, buy, and use cannabis for enjoyment in non-medical settings, and especially when it comes to CBD, which doesn't have a psycho-active component.

There is some experience that CBD has a positive effect in managing and treating chronic pain, PTSD, anxiety, anxiety disorder, depression, diabetes type 1, diabetes type 2, seizures, and also combined with allopathic approaches to diseases including chemotherapy and radiation therapy for treating cancer. No toxic dose for CBD is known, and there is no record from any source of a death or serious injury from CBD as of this writing.

CBD may be useful either as treatment for a specific illness or in a smaller dose for maintenance of good health. Usually, CBD is taken by mouth as oil drops or a powder that dissolves in water, or made into a food to be eaten. Another form of CBD is used on the skin as the oil or a cream to rub in. CBD is popularly taken in the 'vape' method (from the word "vapor"), with the CBD is heated so it can be inhaled. This method is favoured because the effect is felt sooner than by other means. Patients who need long-lasting relief from pain or other symptoms such as nausea, may combine two methods: for example, first vape and then eat a food made with CBD.

Eamonn Campbell

Eamonn Campbell (29 November 1946 – 18 October 2017) was an Irish musician. He was known for being a member of The Dubliners from 1987 until his death in 2017. He was born in Drogheda, County Louth, Ireland. 

Campbell was known as a guitarist and has a rough voice similar to the late Dubliner founding member Ronnie Drew. He produced all of the Dubliners' albums from 1987 onwards, as well as albums for many other Irish artists, including Foster and Allen, Brendan Shine, Daniel O'Donnell and Paddy Reilly. 

Campbell died on 18 October 2017 in Dublin of heart failure at the age of 70.

Ingvar Lidholm

Ingvar Natanael Lidholm (24 February 1921 – 17 October 2017) was a Swedish composer. He was born in Jönköping, Sweden. Lidholm completed a number of new works: the piano pieces "Sonatin" (“Sonatina”), "(10) Miniatyrer" (“Ten Miniatures”), and "Lätta pianostyken" (“Easy Piano Pieces”). In 1956, Lidholm left his conducting post in Örebro to assume the head of the Chamber Music Department at Swedish Radio.

Lindholm was awarded the Rolf Schock Prize in 1993.

Lidholm died in Stockholm, Sweden on 17 October 2017 at the age of 96.


Middlemarch

Middlemarch, A Study of Provincial Life is the best-known book written by English author George Eliot. It was first published in eight volumes during 1871–72. The novel is set in the fictional Midlands town of Middlemarch during 1829–32.



Yongle Emperor

The Yongle Emperor (May 2, 1360– August 12, 1424), known in China as , was the 3rd emperor of the Ming part of China's history. He was the emperor of China from 1402 to 1424. He is important because he moved China's capital to Beijing, built its Forbidden City, and sent Zheng He on trips to Indonesia, India, Arabia, and eastern Africa.
The Yongle Emperor's real name was . It is written in Chinese writing. His given name was Di and his family were the Zhus, but Chinese people write their family names first. His name means "Japanese cherry", but in Chinese that bush or tree isn't thought of as Japanese.

In old China, the Chinese emperors did not number their years from one place. Instead, they gave names to eras (groups of years) any time they wanted. Some emperors made 10 or more eras while they led China. Zhu Di started his era the year after he took Yingtian (now Nanjing) from his nephew the Jianwen Emperor in 1402. He said this was the 1st year of the "Era of Eternal Happiness", which sounds like "Yǒnglè" and is written in traditional Chinese writing and in the easier writing now used by the PRC. He only had this one era when he was emperor, so people also called him the "Emperor of the Yongle Era" or "Yǒnglèdì" ( or ).

When he was the emperor of China, Chinese people just called him the "Emperor". If they met him, they used very polite terms like "Bìxià" (, "Your Highness") to speak to him. After he died, the next emperors gave him a new, long, and very polite name and called him "Míng Chéngzǔ" (), the "Most Successful Dead Family Member" of the Ming. After the Xinhai and Communist changes in government of China, people are less polite when they talk about the old emperors. They usually just call him by his everyday name Zhu Di like a common person. In English, it's more common to talk about him as the Yongle Emperor.

Zhu Di was born on May 2, 1360, during the Yuan part of China's history. His father Zhu Yuanzhang was a successful leader of the Red Turbans fighting the Yuan army to change China. People don't agree about who his mother was. In the histories written by the later Chinese governments, his mother was the Empress Ma, his father's most important wife. Other people—especially people who did not like Zhu Di—said that his mother was one of Zhu Yuanzhang's live-in girlfriends and wasn't even Chinese. They said that he changed all the papers about his real mother after he got more power.

Zhu Yuanzhang won his fight with the Yuan and became the Hongwu Emperor of China in 1368. He called his new government the Ming. The Ming had rules about who should be the new emperor when the old emperor died. Zhu Biao () was Zhu Yuanzhang's oldest son and people thought he would be the next emperor. Zhu Di was only the 4th son, so people did not think he would become the next emperor. He was still very important, though. The Hongwu Emperor made him the leader of Beiping (today's Beijing and the area around it).

Zhu Biao died before the Hongwu Emperor. When the emperor died, the Ming's rules said that Zhu Biao's son Zhu Yunwen () should be the new leader. He became the Jianwen Emperor in 1398 at the age of 22.

The Jianwen Emperor's many uncles were very powerful, almost like kings. He started to take away their power right away. One was sent away to Yunnan, one killed himself, three were made into common people. Zhu Di was afraid and pretended to be crazy. The Jianwen Emperor was less afraid of him and even let Zhu Di's three sons—whom he held in Yingtian (now Nanjing) to be sure of Zhu Di's good behavior—go to Beiping (now Beijing) to visit their "sick" father before his death. 

With his sons free, Zhu Di began to fight the Jianwen Emperor. At first, he said that he really wanted to protect his nephew from the "bad helpers" who were telling the emperor to fight his own family. After he took the capital, though, he rewrote all the government papers to pretend the Jianwen Emperor had never been the emperor. The four years of his nephew's control were dated to the end of the Hongwu Emperor's era. Zhu Di began his new era at the next Chinese New Year and became the Yongle Emperor.

Many people in the government of China said they did not like the Yongle Emperor and that he should not be the country's leader. A body was shown and said to be the Jianwen Emperor's, but it was badly burnt and no one could be sure it was really him. Some people said that the Jianwen Emperor was still alive and that he was hiding as a Buddhist monk. All of this made the Yongle Emperor very worried and angry. He did not stay in Yingtian or make it his capital. He left some of the government there but moved most of it to his home in Beiping. Because China now had a more important northern capital and a secondary southern capital, these two cities came to be known as Beijing and Nanjing. The Yongle Emperor's new, larger home in Beijing grew into the Forbidden City. The Yongle Emperor killed many of the angry government leaders in Nanjing. Sometimes he killed their families. Sometimes he killed their families, friends, and students. 

Many of these troublemakers were the people who took power because of their high scores on the imperial examination. The Yongle Emperor gave more power in his government to his eunuchs, men who had been hurt as children to stop them from being able to have children of their own. One of these men was Zheng He, an Islamic leader who led great treasure ships south from Suzhou and Nanjing in 7 big trips between 1405 and 1433. The first trips may have been looking for the Jianwen Emperor, but they also became trips that taught China about the South China Sea and Indian Ocean and opened up more buying and selling between their countries and China.

The Yongle Emperor died on August 12, 1424, and was followed as emperor by his oldest son Zhu Gaochi, who became the Hongxi Emperor.

Sphere Fluidics

Sphere Fluidics is an Cambridge-based Life Sciences Research and Development company specializing in developing novel tools for biopharmaceutical discovery and development, cell therapy engineering, analysis and isolation. Sphere Fluidics has been named one of the UK's top 50 disruptive SMEs by Real Business in 2015.

Sphere Fluidics Limited was originally established in 2010, by two chemistry professors of Cambridge University, Professor Chris Abell and Professor Wilhelm Huck along with Dr. Frank F. Craig, an entrepreneur, and Dr. Maher Khaled, a Cambridge University Enterprise.

In 2013, Sphere Fluidics spun out of Cambridge University to a new research facility in Babraham Research Campus. In 2013, Sphere Fluidics won an award for academic spin-outs at the ACES awards.

Sphere Fluidics operates in various markets including biopharmaceutical discovery and development, anti-microbial screening, synthetic biology and genome editing of single cells. 

In January 2017, Sphere Fluidics launched an e-commerce platform which had microfluidic products, research instrument accessories, and microfluidic biochips, in its product line.

In July 2017, Sphere Fluidics won “Best Investment in Life Sciences” Award, in the event held by the UK Business Angels Association.

Sphere Fluidics had raised £11 million as of 2017, from investors namely, 24 Haymarket, Amadeus Capital Partners, Greenwood Way Capital, University of Cambridge Enterprise, University of Cambridge, Parkwalk Advisors, Providence Investment Company, London Business Angels, Envestors, Angels5K, Cambridge Angels, Q-Ventures and a Japanese corporate investor.

Cyto-Mine Technology is one of the patented products of Sphere Fluidics.

Cyto-Mine technology is the integrated device that is able to automatically perform single cell analysis, sorting, imaging and dispensing into individual wells of microtitre plates in a single compact system. Based on the research made by Professors Chris Abell and Wilhelm Huck, this biochip system can automatically process millions to billions of miniaturised tests in tiny picodroplets.

According to the scientists at Sphere Fluidics, Cyto-Mine can perform millions of single-cell assays daily, offering up to a 100-fold improvement over conventional techniques, at lower capital and operational cost. 

Mountain weasel

The mountain weasel ("Mustela altaica"), is a type of weasel. It is also called the pale weasel, Altai weasel or solongoi.

Males are about 12.5–17 in (320–630 mm) long. Males can weigh 8–12 oz (230–340 g). Females are a little bit smaller. They are 12–15 in (309–377 mm). Females weigh about 4–8 oz (110–230 g). The summer fur is gray to gray-brown fur with some light yellow. The winter fur is more of a dark yellow with some brown. In both seasons, the underbelly is pale yellow to creamy white.

This weasel lives in high-altitude environments, and also on rocky tundra and grassy woodlands. This weasel rests in rock crevices, tree trunks, and abandoned burrows of other animals or the animals it previously hunted. The home range size of this animal is currently unknown.

Geographical distribution for this species lies in parts of Asia from Kazakhstan, Tibet, and the Himalayas to Mongolia, northeastern China, southern Siberia, Korea, and also some parts of Russia. The most common area for this species, however, is Ladakh, India.

Overall, these animals are thought to be live by themselves except when mating. The mountain weasel breeds once a year. Males fight for the females. The mountain weasel usually mate in February to March, and the young are usually born in May. The gestation period is 30–49 days. The mountain weasel gives birth to one to eight young ones. The young ones are blind, and their fur is not well developed. Lactation lasts about two months. After weaning, the young become independent but they still live with their brothers and sisters until fall. Young are able to breed in the next season when they are just under a year old.

The mountain weasel is able to climb, run, and swim. Their long bodies and short legs allow them to be very agile. Mountain weasels are generally nocturnal, but may hunt during the day. Even though they live by themselves, they communicate with each other visually and sound. This animal has very good eye sight. They also communicate by sound to warn off predators, to protect their territories, and when mating. When scared, they make a loud chirring sound and excrete a very smelly odor.

Mountain weasels are carnivores. They mainly feed on pikas and voles. They have an important ecological role in controlling the population of the voles. Muskrats, rabbits, ground squirrels, small birds, lizards, frogs, fish, and insects are also eaten.

Some of the threats that makes the weasel to be near-threatened include habitat change, mainly caused by human development. Other dangers, such as traffic on roads, can reduce their population. Overgrazing by cattle, goats, and sheep causes the prey of the weasel to decrease because their hiding spots and food are reduced.

The conservation status, according to the IUCN, is "near threatened" because it is considered to be in a significant decline. It requires monitoring mainly because of habitat and resource loss.

Yoweri Museveni

Yoweri Kaguta Museveni (born 15 September 1944) is a Ugandan military officer, politician and revolutionary who is the 9th and current President of Uganda since 1986. He is considered autocratic. After Museveni lost the election of 1980, he started the Ugandan Bush War which caused over 100,000 deaths and led to the removal of Milton Obote.

Museveni is well known for being anti–democracy and as well as anti–homosexuality. He is one of Africa's longest serving leaders. His rule had brought many changes in Uganda. Museveni was a very strong believer of dictatorship and absolutism that in 2005, he scrapped presidential term limits in Uganda and the presidential age limit in 2017.

On 16 January 2021, Museveni was re-elected for a sixth term with 58.6% of the vote, despite many videos and reports that show ballot box stuffing, over 400 polling stations with 100% voter turnout, and human rights violations. As of 2022, after 36 years of his authoritarian rule, Uganda has been ranked 166th in GDP (nominal) per capita and List of countries by 167th by Human Development Index.


History of genetic engineering

The history of genetic engineering started around 12,000 BC. At the time, humans tried to domesticate animals. 

The first artificial genetic engineering occurred in 1972. Two scientists named Herbert Norman Cohen transferred DNA then. In 1983, the first tobacco plant was created using genetic engineering. A gene that resisted antibiotics was introduced to the pl ant. 

Officially, genetic engineering is the direct manipulation of the genome with techniques developed in the 1970s. Without technology, genetic engineering has occurred in ancient times. It was through domestication and artificial selection that plants and animals were engineered. It is believed that the dog is the first domesticated animal, most likely from wolves. 
Development of genetic engineering allows scientists to study diseases.

Trevor Noah

Trevor Noah (born 20 February 1984) is a South African comedian and television and radio host. He has been the host of "The Daily Show" on the American network Comedy Central since September 2015. He is known for his realistic comedy touch relating to life itself, and his life in South Africa and the world. He hosted major events like the Grammys.

Noah worked as an actor, presenter, and comedian in South Africa. He appeared in television roles on the South African Broadcasting Corporation and was the runner-up in the fourth season of "Strictly Come Dancing" in 2008. From 2010 to 2011, he hosted the late-night show "Tonight with Trevor Noah". During this time his stand-up comedy became famous in South Africa and got him invited to American and British television shows.

In December 2014, Noah appeared as a contributor on the American satirical news show "The Daily Show". He took over from Jon Stewart as host of "The Daily Show" on 28 September, 2015. His hosting style has more pop culture references and comic impersonations than Stewart’s. As a foreign observer, he comments humorously on American politics and race relations.

Trevor Noah was born in Johannesburg. His mother, Patricia Nombuyiselo Noah, is a black Xhosa woman. His father, Robert, is white and Swiss German. Noah’s parents’ interracial relationship was illegal under apartheid at the time of his birth. As a boy, Noah attended Maryvale College, a private Catholic school. He was raised by his mother and maternal grandmother, Nomalizo Frances Noah, in the township of Soweto. His memoir, "Born a Crime: Stories from a South African Childhood" (2016), is about his youth as a mixed-race child and is dedicated to his mother.

At 18 (2002), Noah had a starring role in the South African soap opera "Isidingo". He hosted his own radio show, "Noah’s Ark", before becoming a comedy club regular. He has performed with South African as well as international comedians, including opening for Russell Peters’ South African tour.

From 2004-2006, he hosted the educational program, "Run the Adventure". In 2007, he hosted the gossip show "The Real Goboza", and the sports show "Siyadlala". In 2008, he co-hosted the dating game-show "The Amazing Date" and was a contestant on "Strictly Come Dancing". In 2009, he hosted the 3rd Annual South Africa Film and Television Awards and co-hosted "The Axe Sweet Life", a reality competition series. In 2010, Noah hosted the 16th annual South African Music Awards and "Tonight with Trevor Noah". His stand-up comedy acts in South Africa include "The Daywalker" (2009), "Crazy Normal" (2011), "That’s Racist" (2012), and "It’s My Culture" (2013).

Noah moved to the United States in 2011. He was the first South African comedian to appear on "The Tonight Show" (6 January 2012) and on "Late Show with David Letterman" (17 May 2013). In 2012, he was the subject of the documentary "You Laugh But It’s True" and had a one-man comedy show called "Trevor Noah: The Racist". In 2013 he performed the comedy show "Trevor Noah: African American". In late 2013, he was a guest on BBC Two’s comedy show "QI" and on Channel 4’s game show "8 Out of 10 Cats".

From December 2014, Noah began appearing as a contributor on "The Daily Show" and became host on 28 September, 2015. Three new members also joined the "Daily Show" news team: Roy Wood Jr., Desi Lydic, and Ronny Chieng. During each 30-minute episode, Noah has a comic monologue on current news, holds scripted mock discussions with show contributors, and interviews invited guests. On September 14, 2017, Comedy Central announced that Noah’s contract will last five years longer, till 2022.


Arrondissements of the Puy-de-Dôme department

There are 5 arrondissements in the Puy-de-Dôme department. The French departments, and in other countries, are divided into "arrondissements", which may be translated into English as districts (in some cases, as boroughs). The capital of an arrondissement is called a subprefecture.

If the prefecture (capital) of the department is in an arrondissement, that prefecture is the capital of the arrondissement, acting both as a prefecture and as a subprefecture.

Arrondissements are further divided into communes.

The 5 arrondissements of Puy-de-Dôme are:

Since its creation, the Puy-de-Dôme department has had some changes:


Hurricane Ophelia (2017)

Hurricane Ophelia (known as Storm Ophelia in the United Kingdom) was an Atlantic tropical cyclone in October 2017. The storm affected the United Kingdom, Ireland and France. Ophelia was the 10th consecutive hurricane and the 6th major hurricane of 2017.

The storm formed on 9 October. She peaked at Category 3 status.

Ophelia took three lives directly and another 45 lives indirectly.

Damage from the storm was more than $70 million USD.

The storm also affected Russia, Norway and Finland.

Arrondissement of Ambert

The arrondissement of Ambert is an arrondissement of France. It is part of the Puy-de-Dôme "département", Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region. Its capital, and a subprefecture of the department, is the city of Ambert.

When the Puy-de-Dôme department was created in 1790, the "arrondissement" of Ambert was part of that original department.

In 1926, the "arrondissement" of Ambert was eliminated but, in 1942, it became again an "arrondissement" of the department.

The "arrondissement" of Ambert is bordered to the north by the "arrondissement" of Thiers, to the east by the Loire department, to the south by the Haute-Loire department, to the west by the "arrondissement" of Issoire and to the northwest by the "arrondissement" of Clermont-Ferrand.

It is in the southeast of the department and has an area of , and is the "arrondissement" with fewest people living in it, with a population of 26,653 inhabitants and a density of inhabitants/km².

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

In the "arrondissement" of Ambert there are only 2 cantons:


The "arrondissement" of Ambert has 58 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes):
The "communes" with more inhabitants in the "arrondissement" are:


Arrondissement of Clermont-Ferrand

The arrondissement of Clermont-Ferrand is an arrondissement of France. It is part of the Puy-de-Dôme "département", Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region. Its capital, and the prefecture of the department, is the city of Clermont-Ferrand.

When the Puy-de-Dôme department was created in 1790, the "arrondissement" of Clermont-Ferrand was part of that original department.

The "arrondissement" of Clermont-Ferrand is surrounded by the other "arrondissements" of the department: the "arrondissement" of Riom to the north, the "arrondissement" of Thiers to the northeast, the "arrondissement" of Ambert to the east, and the "arrondissement" of Issoire to the south and west.

The "arrondissement" of Clermont-Ferrand is in the centre of the department and has an area of . It is the "arrondissement" with more people living in it, with a population of 375,518 inhabitants and a density of inhabitants/km².

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

In the "arrondissement" of Clermont-Ferrand there are 18 cantons:
The "arrondissement" of Clermont-Ferrand has 75 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes):
The "communes" with more inhabitants in the "arrondissement" are:


Miguel Ángel Loayza

Miguel Ángel Loayza Ríos (21 June 1940 – 19 October 2017) was a football midfielder from Peru. He played for several clubs, notably Argentine clubs Huracán, Boca Juniors and River Plate as well as Colombian club Deportivo Cali. He was famous for his short passing, creativity and excellent dribbling ability, nicknamed "El Maestrito" ("The Teacher small") in Argentina and "El Mago" ("The magician") in Colombia.


Umberto Lenzi

Umberto Lenzi (6 August 1931 – 19 October 2017) was an Italian movie director and screenwriter. He was best known for his movies "Cannibal Ferox", "Nightmare City", and "Ghosthouse". 

Lenzi died on 19 October 2017 in Rome at the age of 86.


Venantino Venantini

Venantino Venantini (17 April 1930 – 8 October 2018) was an Italian movie actor. He has appeared in over 140 movies from 1954 until his retirement in 2016. He was born in Fabriano, Italy.

Venantini was known for "No Sun in Venice" (1957), "The Agony and the Ecstasy" (1965), "Le Grand Restaurant" (1966), "Erotissimo" (1969), "The Priest's Wife" (1971), "Seven Deaths in the Cat's Eye" (1973), "Black Emanuelle" (1975), "The Concorde Affair" (1979), "Cannibal Ferox" (1981), and "Le bon roi Dagobert" (1984).

Venantini died on 8 October 2018 in Viterbo, Italy from heart surgery complications at the age of 88.

Sebastian Kurz

Sebastian Kurz (born 27 August 1986) is a former Austrian politician. He held the post of Chancellor of Austria twice, from 2017 to 2019, and in 2020 and 2021. Before, he was chancellor from 18 December 2017 to 28 May 2019. He was the world's youngest chancellor. 

He was Austria's Minister for Foreign Affairs and Integration from 2013 to 2017. He became Europe's youngest Foreign Minister at the age of 27. In May 2017 he became the chairman of the Austrian People's Party (ÖVP). 

Following the 2017 legislative election, the ÖVP led by Kurz secured the most seats in the National Council, leaving it in a position to lead the next government.

As Chancellor he led the federal government consisting of a coalition of the ÖVP and FPÖ parties since December 18, 2017. He was removed from office on 28 May 2019 by President Alexander Van der Bellen following a political scandal known as the Ibiza affair.

However, he returned to power in 2020 following a snap election. However, the COVID-19 pandemic disrupted his government agendas. His response to the pandemic included lockdowns and curfews. Many of his government officials resigned.

An investigation into the Ibiza affair and a corruption inquiry led to Kurz resigning. Alexander Schallenberg, minister for foreign affairs, replaced him as chancellor on 11 October 2021.


Gastrodon

Gastrodon is one of the fictional species of Pokémon from the "Pokémon" media franchise owned by Nintendo and Game Freak.

It is a Water/Ground Pokémon from the fifth generation of games; Diamond, Pearl and Platinum. It has two forms, named east sea and west sea. Whilst they are the same statistically, they have completely different designs. Their pre-evolution, Shellos, also has varying forms.

The Little Red Hen

The Little Red Hen is a folk tale, probably of Russian origin. It is in the form of a fable to teach young listeners and readers a lesson: the virtues of work and taking personal initiative to get good results. All the characters in the tale are animals.

British cuisine

British cuisine is the traditional food and drink popular with the people of the United Kingdom. Some of the most popular dishes include fish and chips, Yorkshire pudding, sausage roll, among others. There are many differences between the traditional food and drink in Scotland, Wales, Northern Ireland and in the numerous regions of England. There are also many differences in the food and drink found in different classes of society. 

Networking hardware

Networking hardware is the computer equipment used in systems connected as a network.

Artemisia annua

Artemisia annua, also known as sweet wormwood, sweet annie, sweet sagewort, annual mugwort or annual wormwood (), is a common type of wormwood native to temperate Asia, but naturalized in many countries including scattered parts of North America.

Next of kin

A person's next of kin (NOK) is that person's closest living blood relative or relatives. Some countries, such as the United States, have a legal definition of "next of kin". In other countries, such as the United Kingdom, "next of kin" may have no legal definition and may not necessarily refer to blood relatives at all.

In some legal systems, rights regarding inheritance (which imply a decision-making capacity such as in a medical emergency in which no clear will or instructions have been given, and the person has no spouse) flow to the closest relative (regardless of the age, with a representative appointed if a minor), usually a child, a parent or a sibling. However, there are people without any close adult relatives and, in such a case, decision-making power often flows to a niece or nephew, first cousin, aunt or uncle, or grandparent.

For example, if a person dies intestate, the laws of some jurisdictions require distribution of the estate to the deceased's spouse or children. However, if there are none of them, the estate can often be distributed to the next closest group of living relatives, whether they are parents, grandparents, first cousins, aunts and uncles, or second cousins in extreme cases. If a person dies intestate with no identifiable next of kin, the person's estate generally escheats (i.e., legally reverts) to the government.

In cases of medical emergency, if a person is incapable (because of age or mental infirmity, or they are unconscious) of making decisions for themselves and they have no spouse or children, the next of kin may participate in medical decisions made by medical personnel, subject to the specific laws of the jurisdiction.

The inability of persons who are not in a legal marriage to make decisions with respect to the care of a live-in partner has resulted in many jurisdictions giving live-in partners rights equivalent to a spouse in such situations, even though most jurisdictions still do not require non-spouses to be made beneficiaries of estates (it is improper in most jurisdictions to disinherit a spouse). The inability of same-sex partners to have rights with respect to a partner's medical care or funeral arrangements over and above those of the next-of-kin is one of the main reasons behind litigation to require same-sex marriage or its equivalent.

For the purposes of next of kin, adopted children are treated as blood relatives. However, relatives by marriage are never considered next of kin.

Letter case

Letter case is the difference between uppercase/capital letters and lowercase letters for certain writing systems. The name comes from letters on a printing press, where uppercase letters were stored on top of the lowercase letters in a drawer. Their formal names are "majuscule" and "minuscule" in the same order. Writing systems that have letter case include the Latin alphabet, the Greek alphabet, and the Cyrillic alphabet.

When the first alphabets were made, they only had capital letters. Overtime, especially during the Middle Ages, lowercase letters were made to write more quickly. Other than Greek and Latin, European languages made no clear differences between capital and lowercase letters until the year 1300.

Different languages have different rules for when to capitalize or not to capitalize letters. For example, German always capitalizes nouns, while English only capitalizes proper nouns, so while German would write "the automobile" as "das Auto", English would not do the same. However, nearly all languages with letter case capitalize the first letter of the first word of every sentence.

2016 United States presidential election in Hawaii

The 2016 United States presidential election in Hawaii was held on 8 November 2016. It was part of the 2016 United States presidential election, in which all other states plus the District of Columbia voted.

In the presidential election, Hillary Clinton easily defeated Donald Trump and received 3 electoral votes.

Below is a table with the polling results in Hawaii. Hawaii has voted Democrat in the general election since 1988.

 Turnout was 58.4%.

The Democratic caucus occurred on 26 March 2016.

The Republican primary occurred on 8 March 2016.



October 2017 Northern California wildfires

The October 2017 Northern California wildfires were a series of fires in California. The fires started on October 8 and 9 across Sonoma, Mendocino, Napa, Solano, Lake and Butte counties in the state.

There were seventeen separate wildfires burning across California.

Over 5,700 houses and businesses were severely damaged or destroyed in the fires.

The Tubbs fire was the most expensive of the fires. It caused over $1 billion USD in damage.

Other fires included the Atlas fire and Nuns fire.

Everyday Is Christmas

Everyday Is Christmas is a Christmas album by Australian singer-songwriter Sia Furler. It was released by Atlantic Records and Monkey Puzzle on 17 November 2017. The album will feature original songs co-written and co-produced with Greg Kurstin.

2017–18 NHL season

The 2017-18 NHL season is the 101st season of operation (100th season of play) of the National Hockey League. The 31 teams are playing an 82-game regular season. The regular season began on October 4, 2017 and ended on April 7, 2018. The Stanley Cup playoffs began a few days after and the Stanley Cup finals was held between Calgary Flames and Boston Bruins which ended with the Calgary Flames winning their third straight Stanley cup in their franchise history. The Vegas Golden Knights joined the league for this season and became the first team to win the first three games of their history. They now have five wins and one loss making them the first team to do this since the Montreal Canadiens in the NHL's first season. The two-time defending Stanley Cup and Eastern Conference champions are the Pittsburgh Penguins while Penguins' player Sidney Crosby is the two-time defending Conn Smythe Trophy winner. The Nashville Predators are the defending Western Conference champions. The Washington Capitals are the two-time defending Presidents' Trophy winners. Edmonton Oilers player Connor McDavid is the defending winner of the Hart Memorial and Art Ross Trophies.

Tie Breakers:<br>
1. Fewer number of games played.<br>
2. Greater Regulation + OT Wins (ROW)<br>
3. Greatest number of points earned in head-to-head play (If teams played an unequal # of head-to-head games, the result of the first game on the home ice of the team with the extra home game is discarded.)<br>
4. Greater Goal differential

Arrondissement of Issoire

The arrondissement of Issoire is an arrondissement of France. It is part of the Puy-de-Dôme "département", Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region. Its capital, and a subprefecture of the department, is the city of Issoire.

When the Puy-de-Dôme department was created in 1790, the "arrondissement" of Issoire was part of that original department.

The "arrondissement" of Issoire is in the southwest of the department and borders to the north with the "arrondissement" of Clermont-Ferrand, to the east with the "arrondissement" of Ambert, to the southeast with the Haute-Loire department, to the south with the Cantal department, and to the west and northwest with the "arrondissement" of Riom.

The "arrondissement" of Issoire is the second largest "arrondissement" of the department, with an area of . It has a population of 62,931 inhabitants and a density of inhabitants/km².

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

In the "arrondissement" of Issoire there are 5 cantons:
The "arrondissement" of Issoire has 135 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes):
The "communes" with more inhabitants in the "arrondissement" are:


Oakland firestorm of 1991

The Oakland firestorm of 1991 was a major fire in October 1991 in west-central California. The fire began on Saturday, October 19, 1991 on the hillsides of northern Oakland and southern Berkeley.

The official name of this wildfire was "Tunnel fire".

Twenty-five people died in this wildfire. Another 150 were injured.

The fire caused $1.5 billion in damage.

More than 2,800 houses and 437 apartments and condominiums were severely damaged or destroyed by the fire.

The Oakland firestorm of 1991 was a big fire that started from a small fire that was not put out well. The small fire was on a hill near a road. The big fire happened on October 19 and 20, 1991. It burned many houses and trees in Oakland, California and Berkeley, California. The wind made the fire move fast and far. Many people died or got hurt in the fire. Many people also lost their homes and things in the fire

2018 FIFA World Cup qualification (UEFA)

The UEFA 2018 FIFA World Cup qualification tournament was held from 4 September 2016 and 14 November 2017 and was used to determine which European teams will qualify for the 2018 FIFA World Cup. Robert Lewandowski was the top scorer, with 16 goals.

The first round consisted of 9 groups made up of 6 teams each. The winners of each group directly qualified for the world cup, while the best runners-up moved on to the second round. The draw occurred on 25 July 2015 in Saint Petersburg.

The best runners-up from the first round qualified for the second round. The draw occurred on 17 October 2017 in Zurich. The teams who win these matches will finally qualify for the world cup.


Brent Briscoe

Brent Briscoe (May 21, 1961 – October 18, 2017) was an American actor and screenwriter. He was born in Moberly, Missouri. He was known for working with Billy Bob Thornton on "Sling Blade". He also worked with Mark Fauser, who was his college roommate. He appeared in the 2017 television series "Twin Peaks" as Detective Dave Macklay. He wrote the screenplay for "Waking Up in Reno".

Briscoe died in Los Angeles, California on October 18, 2017 from complications of a fall at the age of 56.


Zapolyarny, Murmansk Oblast

Zapolyarny (Russian: Заполя́рный) is a town in the Pechengsky District of northern Murmansk Oblast. It is about 103 kilometers (64 miles) away from the administrative centre of Murmansk. In 2010, the population was 15,825 people.

The area was owned by Finland between 1920 and 1944. The town was founded in 1956 as Zhdanovsk.

Zapolyarny is the closest settlement to the Koshka Yavr air base.



People's Party (United States)

The People's Party (also known as the Populist Party) was a left-wing political party in the United States.

The party wanted direct election of senators, government ownership of the railroads, telegraph and telephone systems, price support for farmers, a graduated income tax, unilimited silver coinage, an 8-hour work day and more propositions and referendums.

The party was formed in 1891 after a series of conferences involving the leaders of a few agrarian organizations.

The Populists were very popular among farmers in the southwest and Great Plains. The party nominated James B. Weaver as their presidential candidate for the 1892 election, and he would later receive 8.5% of the popular vote and win 5 states. In the 1896 presidential election, the party nominated Democratic nominee William Jennings Bryan, who supported many of the Populist ideas. To separate themselves from the Democrats, they nominated Thomas E. Watson as their vice-presidential candidate, instead of Democrat pick Arthur Sewall. During this election, the populist party slowly began to merge into the Democratic party. Bryan would later lose the presidency to Republican William McKinley. Although the Populist party nominated candidates in the next three presidential elections, their support heavily dropped as many began to support the Democrats or Republicans, or follow Eugene V. Debs to his new Socialist Party.

The party also had success in the House of Representatives elections. In 1890 they won 8 seats, in 1892 they won 11 seats, in 1894 they won 9 seats, in 1896 they won 22 seats, in 1898 they won 6 seats and finally, in 1900 they won 5 seats.

The party disbanded in 1908. The last known activity of the official Populist party was in 1913.


People's Party (United States, 1971)

The People's Party was a political party in the United States. The party was created by individuals from the Peace and Freedom Party, Human Rights Party, Liberty Union Party and a few more. Their goal was to present an anti-war platform for the upcoming election. The party ran in the 1972 and 1976 presidential elections. The party did not get more than 0.10% of the popular vote in both elections.

In the 1972 election, the party nominated pediatrician Benjamin Spock. Julius Hobson was his vice-presidential running mate. He supported universal health care, removing American troops from other countries (see non-interventionism) and the legalization of abortion and Marijuana. He received 0.10% of the popular vote, or 78,759 votes. In the 1976 election, the party nominated Margaret Wright, and Benjamin Spock ran as her vice-presidential running mate. In the end, she received 0.06% of the vote, or 49,013 votes.

After the elections, the party wanted to become a coalition, but many of the founding parties dissolved, so the People's Party disbanded as well.

Populist Party

The Populist Party can refer to:


2018 FIFA World Cup qualification (CONMEBOL)

The 2018 CONMEBOL FIFA World Cup qualification (CONMEBOL) tournament was held from 8 October 2015 to 10 October 2017 and was used to determine which South American teams will qualify for the 2018 FIFA World Cup.

Ten teams participated in the tournament. Edinson Cavani (Uruguay) was the top scorer with 10 goals.

Peru moved on to the inter-confederation play-offs, which is a tournament between 4th and 5th placed teams from other international world cup qualification tournaments.











Eva Todor

Eva Fodor Nolding (November 9, 1919 – December 10, 2017), known professionally as Eva Todor was a Hungarian-born Brazilian actress. She was born in Budapest, Hungary. She emigrated to Brazil in 1929.

Todor was best known for her television roles in "Roque Santeiro", "Locomotivas", "Partido Alto", "Olho no Olho", "O Cravo e a Rosa", "América", "India A Love Story", "Salve Jorge" and in "As Brasileiras". Her movie roles include "Os Dois Ladrões", "Xuxa Abracadabra" and "Meu Nome Não É Johnny".

Todor died in Rio de Janeiro on December 10, 2017 of pneumonia while suffering from Alzheimer's and Parkinson's disease at the age of 98.

Isabella Karle

Isabella Helen Karle (née Lugoski; December 2, 1921 – October 3, 2017) was an American scientist. She was instrumental in developing techniques to remove plutonium chloride from a mixture containing plutonium oxide. She worked on the Manhattan Project during World War II. She was elected a Fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences in 1993.

For her scientific work, Karle has received the Garvan–Olin Medal, Gregori Aminoff Prize, Bower Award, National Medal of Science, and the Navy Distinguished Civilian Service Award (which is the Navy's highest form of recognition to civilian employees).

Karle was born in Detroit, Michigan. She studied at the University of Michigan. In 1942, she married Jerome Karle, a Nobel Prize winner. They had three children. Karle died on October 3, 2017 at a hospice in Alexandria, Virginia of brain cancer at the age of 95.


Jerome Karle

Jerome Karle (Jerome Karfunkle; June 18, 1918 – June 6, 2013) was an American physical chemist. During World War II, he and his wife Isabella Karle worked on the Manhattan Project.

With Herbert A. Hauptman, he was awarded the Nobel Prize in Chemistry in 1985, for the direct analysis of crystal structures using X-ray scattering techniques.

Karle was a former president of both the American Crystallographic Association (ACA) (1972) and the IUCr (1981-1984), as well as a co-recipient of the 1985 Nobel Prize in Chemistry for his work on direct methods. Among the many additional honors he received for his work, he was elected to the National Academy of Sciences in 1976 and the American Philosophical Society in 1990.

Karle died of liver cancer at the Leewood Healthcare Center in Annandale, Virginia on June 6, 2013 at the age of 94.


Eppelsheim

Eppelsheim is a village ("Ortsgemeinde") in the Alzey-Worms district in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany.

Eppelsheim lies on a high plateau in the Rhenish Hesse wine region.

The village has a council that governs it. The council has 16 members. These members are elected by the people of the village. In the 2014 election, 9 members of the FWG and 7 of the SPD were elected.

The honorary mayor is Ute Klenk-Kaufmann.

The village’s arms has two halves. They are divided vertically. On the left is a crowned lion. It is standing on its hind legs and facing left. The right half has a green branch with two green apples.

The "Dinotherium-Museum" in Eppelsheim holds fossil remains of mammals from deposits about ten million years old from the prehistoric Rhine near Eppelsheim. These deposits are known as the Deinotherium Sands, because they often contain teeth and bones from the extinct proboscid deinotherium.

Besides the dinotherium fossils, the femur of a "Paidopithex rhenanus" was found in the area in the 19th century. This was a now-extinct catarrhine primate.

In 2017, researchers reported finding teeth of an ape dating to about 9.7 million years ago. The teeth seem to belong to a kind of ape similar to Lucy ("Australopithecus afarensis"), but that animal first appeared in Africa more than 4 million years later.


Greer Grammer

Kandace Greer Grammer (born February 15, 1992) is an American actress. She is best known for her role as Lissa Miller in the hit MTV series "Awkward".

Women's History Month

Women's History Month is an annual event to celebrate the contributions of women to history. It is celebrated during March in the United States, the United Kingdom, and Australia, together with International Women's Day on March 8. In Canada it is celebrated during October , together with the celebration of Persons Day on October 18.

Women's History Month serves as a celebration of the achievements, perseverance, and strength of women throughout history! This month-long event provides an opportunity to educate society about the countless contributions that women have made in a variety of fields globally.

Garbage collection (computer science)

When a computer program is run, it will use memory, to store certain values. While these values are used, there is a reference to them. When they are no longer used, there are no more references. Clearing the parts of memory which a computer program used, but where there are no more references is called garbage collection. 

Richard Arvin Overton

Richard Arvin Overton (May 11, 1906 – December 27, 2018) was an American supercentenarian. He was the oldest verified surviving American World War II veteran, as well as the oldest American man. In 2013 he was honored by President Barack Obama. On that same Memorial Day, Overton met with Texas Governor Rick Perry. He was born in Bastrop County, Texas.

Overton served in the South Pacific from 1940 through 1945, including stops in Hawaii, Guam, Palau and Iwo Jima. He left the U.S. Army in October 1945.

During an NBA game between the San Antonio Spurs and the Memphis Grizzlies on March 24, 2017, Overton was honored during a half-time break.

He lived in Austin, Texas. When he was 82 years old, his wife, Wilma, died in 1988. On May 11, 2016, Overton became a supercentenarian. Overton died in Austin on December 27, 2018 from complications of pneumonia at the age of 112.

Gavin McInnes

Gavin Miles McInnes (born July 17, 1970) is a Canadian writer, far-right political commentator, polemicist, actor, and comedian. He is the co-founder of Vice Media and "Vice Magazine" and host of "Get Off My Lawn", formerly on Conservative Review Television. He is a contributor to "Taki's Magazine" and a former contributor to The Rebel Media, and was a frequent guest on television programs on Fox News and TheBlaze.

McInnes was a leading figure in the hipster subculture while at Vice, being labelled as the "godfather" of hipsterdom. After leaving the company in 2008, he became increasingly known for his far-right political views. He is the founder of the Proud Boys, a chauvinist men's group considered to be a "general hate" organization by the Southern Poverty Law Center.

McInnes was born Gavin Miles McInnes in Hitchin, England on July 17, 1970 to Scottish parents James and Loraine McInnes. His family migrated to Canada when McInnes was 4 years old. He attended Ottawa's Earl of March Secondary School. As a teenager, McInnes played in the Ottawa punk band "Anal Chinook". As an adult, McInnes emigrated to the United States from Canada.


Tityos

Tityos or Tityus was a giant from Greek mythology.

Tityos was the son of Elara and Zeus. He was hunted by Apollo and Artemis for attempting to rape their mother Leto. His punishment in Tartarus was to be tortured by two vultures who fed on his liver, which grew back every night.

Arrondissement of Thiers

The arrondissement of Thiers is an arrondissement of France. It is part of the Puy-de-Dôme "département", Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region. Its capital, and a subprefecture of the department, is the city of Thiers.

When the Puy-de-Dôme department was created in 1790, the "arrondissement" of Thiers was part of that original department.

The "arrondissement" of Thiers is in the northeast of the department and borders to the north with the Allier department, to the east with the Loire department, to the south with the "arrondissement" of Ambert, to the southwest with the "arrondissement" of Clermont-Ferrand, and to the west and northwest with the "arrondissement" of Riom.

The "arrondissement" of Thiers is the smallest "arrondissement" of the department, with an area of . It has a population of 57,956 inhabitants and a density of inhabitants/km².

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

In the "arrondissement" of Thiers there are 4 cantons:


The "arrondissement" of Thiers has 44 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes):
The "communes" with more inhabitants in the "arrondissement" are:


Michael Hardie Boys

Sir Michael Hardie Boys (6 October 1931 – 29 December 2023) was a New Zealand jurist and was the country's 17th Governor-General, from 1996 to 2001.

In 2004, he stated his opposition to New Zealand becoming a republic, stating in an interview: "If it ain't broke, don't fix it."
Hardie Boys was born in 1931 in Wellington. His father was the Hon. Reginald Hardie Boys (1903–1970), a judge of the Supreme Court. After his schooling at Hataitai School and Wellington College, Hardie Boys gained a Bachelor of Arts and Bachelor of Laws from Victoria University College in 1954. Hardie Boys married Mary Zohrab in 1957. They had two sons and two daughters. Hardie Boys died on 29 December 2023 in Waikanae, New Zealand at the age of 92.


Lech Ordon

Lech Ordon (24 November 1928 – 21 October 2017) was a Polish actor. In 1948, he graduated from The Aleksander Zelwerowicz National Academy of Dramatic Art in Warsaw, at the time located in Łódź. He was born in Poznań. He was known for his roles in "Letters to Santa", "Der Schimmelreiter", "Czterdziestolatek" and in "Mister Blot's Academy".

In December 2008, he was awarded the Medal for Merit to Culture – Gloria Artis. He died on 21 October 2017 in Warsaw from pneumonia complicated by a stroke at the age of 88.

People's Summit

The People's Summit is an annual conference in Chicago held by a group of progressive political organizations in the United States. It is held at the McCormick Place every year around in June. The organizers of the Summit stated that they wanted to get the energy of the Bernie Sanders 2016 presidential campaign. 

Held in June 2016, the first People's Summit was set against the backdrop of the Bernie Sanders presidential campaign, 2016. The conference was led by National Nurses United and The People for Bernie Sanders. People's Action, 

Over 3,000 people attended the 2016 People's Summit to hear speakers including Rosario Dawson, Tulsi Gabbard, Gaby Hoffmann, Naomi Klein, Jesus "Chuy" Garcia, and Frances Fox Piven

The second Peoples Summit was held June 9–11, 2017 at McCormick Place. The conference was sponsored by People for Bernie, National Nurses United, Our Revolution, and others. The theme for the 2017 summit was "Beyond Resistance: A People’s Movement for a Just World". 
Bernie Sanders headlined the conference, along with RoseAnn DeMoro, Naomi Klein, Nina Turner, Michael Moore, Linda Sarsour, Christine Pellegrino, Larry Krasner, Chokwe Antar Lumumba, and others. The conference was attended by over 4,000 people.

Bernie Sanders delivered the keynote speech calling for an agenda "that can enhance and expand issue campaigns and hold all elected officials accountable to popular demands for justice, equality, and freedom."


Bernie Sanders Guide to Political Revolution

The Bernie Sanders Guide to Political Revolution is a 2017 bestselling political book authored by former U.S. presidential candidate Bernie Sanders, published by Henry Holt and Co. It is aimed at teenage readers.

The book is a YA version of 2016's . Sanders created the book to help young people "to fight for a progressive economic, environmental, racial, and social justice agenda that creates jobs, raises wages, protects the environment, and provides healthcare for all."

The book features many graphics and illustrations in the hopes of breaking down complex issues like income inequality, climate change, healthcare, law enforcement reform, prison system reform and student loan debt.

Francis W. Nye

Francis Walter Nye (June 29, 1918 – January 13, 2019) was an American military personnel. He served as a United States Air Force major general who was a B-24 Liberator and B-29 Superfortress combat pilot. He was commander, Field Command, Defense Atomic Support Agency, Sandia Base, N.M. During his career, he was awarded the Legion of Merit two times and the Distinguished Flying Cross also two times.

In November 1968, he was appointed chairman of the U.S. delegation of the Inter-American Defense Board, the Joint Brazil-U.S. Defense Commission, and the U.S. section, Joint Mexican-U.S. Defense Commission.

Nye was born in Barton, Vermont. He studied at the University of Vermont. His wife, Nina, died in 2017. Nye died in Albuquerque, New Mexico on January 13, 2019 at the age of 100.

Jeanne Manet

Jeanne Manet (born Gilberte Marcelle Lachmann; 27 November 1917 – 15 January 2012) was a French movie actress. After appearing in some French movies, Manet moved to Hollywood. Originally called there as a rising starlet, her roles were generally supporting ones. She was born in Houilles, France. 

Manet's career began in 1937. Her best known roles are in "Long Live Liberty" (1946), "Slightly French" (1949), "Operation Mad Ball" (1957), "The Flying Fontaines" (1959) and in "Pepe" (1960). She retired in 1961.

Doris Grumbach

Doris M. Grumbach ("née" Isaac; July 12, 1918 – November 4, 2022) is an American novelist, memoirist, biographer, literary critic, and essayist. In 1979, Grumbach published the novel "Chamber Music", which was critically well received and helped establish her reputation as a novelist. In six years, three more books followed: "The Missing Person" (1981), "The Ladies" (1984), and "The Magician's Girl" (1987).

Grumbach taught at the College of Saint Rose in Albany, New York, the Iowa Writers' Workshop, and American University in Washington, DC, and was literary editor of "The New Republic" for several years. For two decades, she and her partner, Sybil Pike, managed a bookstore, Wayward Books, in Sargentville, Maine, until 2009 when they moved to a retirement home in Kennett Square, Pennsylvania.
Grumbach celebrated her 100th birthday in 2018, and died in Kennett Square on November 4, 2022, at the age of 104.

Indumati Bhattacharya

Indumati Bhattacharya (born 2 July 1918) is an Indian politician. She was elected to the Lok Sabha, lower house of the Parliament of India from Hooghly, West Bengal in 1984 as a member of the Indian National Congress.

Bhattacharya was born in Hooghly district, Bengal Presidency, British India. She married Umanath Bhattacharyya. They have one son.

Saint Xavier University

Saint Xavier University (SXU) is a four-year, coeducational institution of higher learning located on the southwest side of Chicago, Illinois, United States. The current president is Laurie M. Joyner.

Saint Xavier's main campus is located in City of Chicago in the Mt. Greenwood neighborhood on the corner of 103rd Street and Central Park Avenue. The university's main campus is made up of several buildings.

It was founded in 1846.

Saint Xavier also has a campus located in Orland Park. In September 2015, Saint Xavier University opened their third campus with technology that allows its students improved educational capabilities. It had a full simulation center for advanced nursing careers as well as numerous huddle spaces and an auditorium.

Saint Xavier University has one of the most diverse undergraduate student bodies in Chicago, and qualified as a Hispanic-serving institution in 2015.


Judith McGrath

Judith McGrath (21 April 1947 – 21 October 2017) was an Australian actress. She was born in Brisbane, Queensland. She was best known for her television soap roles as Colleen Powell in "Prisoner" (1979–1984) on Network Ten, Bernice Hudson in A Country Practice on Network Seven between 1992 and 1993 and Von Ryan in the medical drama "All Saints" (1998–2009) on Network Seven.

McGrath died on 21 October 2017 at a hospice in Sydney from lung cancer at the age of 70.

Emilio D'Amore

Emilio D'Amore (26 November 1915 – 21 October 2017) was an Italian writer, journalist, and politician. He was born in Montefalcione, Italy. He was first elected to the Chamber of Deputies in 1948 as a representative of the Monarchist National Party. D'Amore joined the Italian Democratic Party of Monarchist Unity (PDIUM) and won reelection in 1953. He served a final term in the Chamber of Deputies from 1963 to 1968, again as a member of the PDIUM.

D'Amore died in Avellino, Italy on 21 October 2017 of congestive heart failure at the age of 101.

NYC Health + Hospitals/Bellevue

NYC Health + Hospitals/Bellevue, formerly Bellevue Hospital Center and Bellevue Hospital, is the oldest public hospital in the United States. It was founded on March 31, 1736. It is on First Avenue in the Kips Bay neighborhood of Manhattan, New York City. It is also home to FDNY EMS Station 08, formerly NYC*EMS Station 13.

The hospital handles nearly 460,000 non-emergency outpatient clinic visits, nearly 106,000 emergency visits and some 30,000 inpatients each year. More than 80 percent of Bellevue’s patients come from the city’s medically underserved populations. The hospital currently occupies a 25-story patient care facility with an ICU, digital radiology communication and an outpatient facility. The hospital has an attending physician staff of 1,200 and an in-house staff of about 5,500.

Bellevue was renamed in November 2015 as a reflection of its parent organization's rebranding.

In 2014 Bellevue was ranked 40th overall in the New York metro area and 29th in New York City by "US News and World Report".

Maidstone West railway station

Maidstone West railway station is one of three railway stations which serve Maidstone in Kent. It is on the Medway Valley Line.



Hastein

Hastein (his name is also recorded as Anstign, Haesten, Hæsten, Hæstenn, Hæsting and Alsting) was a Viking chieftain. He lived in the late 9th century. He is famous for his attacks on cities in England, Spain, France, and Italy.

Arrondissement of Riom

The arrondissement of Riom is an arrondissement of France. It is part of the Puy-de-Dôme "département", Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region. Its capital, and a subprefecture of the department, is the city of Riom.

When the Puy-de-Dôme department was created in 1790, the "arrondissement" of Riom was part of that original department.

The "arrondissement" of Riom is the most northern of the "arrondissements" of the department and borders to the north with the Allier department, to the east with the "arrondissement" of Thiers, to the southeast with the "arrondissement" of Clermont-Ferrand, to the south with the "arrondissement" of Issoire, and to the west with the Creuse department.

The "arrondissement" of Riom is the largest "arrondissement" of the department, with an area of , and the second in population with 121,158 inhabitants and a density of inhabitants/km².

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

In the "arrondissement" of Riom there are 10 cantons:


The "arrondissement" of Riom has 155 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes):
The "communes" with more inhabitants in the "arrondissement" are:


Rosemary Leach

Rosemary Leach (18 December 1935 – 21 October 2017) was an English stage, television and movie actress. 

Leach won the 1982 Olivier Award for Best Actress in a New Play for "84, Charing Cross Road" and was nominated for the BAFTA Award for Best Actress in a Supporting Role for her roles in the movies "That'll Be the Day" (1973) and "A Room with a View" (1986). 

She appeared in several TV mini-series' including "Germinal" (1970), "The Jewel in the Crown" (1984), "The Charmer" (1987), "The Buccaneers" (1995) and "Berkeley Square" (1998) and had a recurring role on the sitcom "My Family" (2003-07).


Martin Eric Ain

Martin Eric Ain (Martin Stricker; July 18, 1967 – October 21, 2017) was an American-born Swiss bass guitarist and songwriter. He was born in the United States. He was best known for being the former bassist of the influential extreme metal band Celtic Frost. He used the stage name Martin Eric Ain throughout his career in Celtic Frost. 

Ain died on October 21, 2017 following a heart attack in Zürich, Switzerland, aged 50.


Julian May

Julian Clare May (July 10, 1931 – October 17, 2017) was an American science fiction, fantasy, horror, science and children's writer. She had used several literary pseudonyms. She was best known for her "Saga of Pliocene Exile" ("Saga of the Exiles" in the United Kingdom), beginning with "The Many-Colored Land" and "Galactic Milieu Series" books. She was born in Chicago, Illinois.

May was married to author T. E. Dikty from 1953 until his death in 1991.

In August 2015, she was inducted into the First Fandom Hall of Fame in a ceremony at the 73rd World Science Fiction Convention.

May died on October 17, 2017 in Mercer Island, Washington at the age of 86.


Mercer Island, Washington

Mercer Island is a city in King County, Washington, United States located on an island of the same name in the southern portion of Lake Washington. Mercer Island is in the Seattle Metropolitan Area, with Seattle located to its west and Bellevue located to its east.

Mercer Island is connected to the mainland on either side via bridges carrying Interstate 90.

he population was 22,699 at the 2010 census. The population was 22,720 at 2013 Estimate from Office of Financial Management. This makes Mercer Island the most populated island in a lake within the United States.


Andrej Babiš

Andrej Babiš (; born 2 September 1954) is a Czech businessman and politician. He was the Prime Minister of the Czech Republic from 2017 until 2021. In 2023, he unsuccessfully ran for President of the Czech Republic, losing to General Petr Pavel.

Babiš, the second richest man in the Czech Republic, is a former CEO and sole owner of the Agrofert group with a net worth of about $4.04 billion according to Bloomberg.

Babiš served as Finance Minister of the Czech Republic and Deputy Prime Minister responsible for the economy from January 2014 to May 2017 until he was fired by Prime Minister Bohuslav Sobotka due to rumors of financial irregularities. Babiš has led ANO 2011 party since 2012 when he founded it as a protest movement against established politics. He has been Member of the Chamber of Deputies (MP) since 2013.

Babiš has been under investigation since December 2015 due to allegations that an anonymous company he controlled unlawfully received subsidies from the European Union. In September 2017, his parliamentary immunity was stripped after police request in connection with the case and Babiš was formally charged on 9 October 2017.

Babiš was elected Prime Minister of the Czech Republic following his victory in the 2017 legislative election when his party won 78 seats winning the majority party in the Chamber of Deputies of the Czech Republic.


George Saunders

George Saunders (born December 2, 1958) is an American writer of short stories, essays, novellas, children's books, and a novel. His writing has appeared in "The New Yorker", "Harper's", "McSweeney's", and "GQ". He also contributed a weekly column, "American Psyche", to the weekend magazine of "The Guardian" between 2006 and 2008.

His story collection "In Persuasion Nation" was a finalist for the Story Prize in 2007. In 2013, he won the PEN/Malamud Award and was a finalist for the National Book Award. Saunders's "" won the 2013 Story Prize for short-story collections and the inaugural (2014) Folio Prize. His novel "Lincoln in the Bardo" won the 2017 Man Booker Prize.


Kübler-Ross model

Elisabeth Kübler-Ross (July 8, 1926 – August 24, 2004) was a Swiss-American psychiatrist.<br>
The Kübler-Ross model, or the five stages of grief, is a theory about the feelings of people who are dying. The five stages are denial, anger, bargaining, depression, and acceptance.

The five stages came from Elisabeth Kübler-Ross' 1969 book "On Death and Dying".


Japanophile

A Japanophile is someone with Japanophilia, or someone with a strong interest in or love of Japanese people, culture, and history. This term even has a Japanese equivalent, "shinnichi" (kanji:親日, hiragana: しんにち) which literally translates to "pro-Japanese". Aguante Viral.

Area code 710

Area code 710 is the area code used by the United States Government. It is part of the North American Numbering Plan.

List of Mesopotamian deities

The following is a list of Mesopotamian .


This is only some of them. There are thousands. This is in Alphabetic order.





The eleven mythical monsters created by Tiāmat in the Epic of Creation, Enûma Eliš:


Stan Kowalski

Stan Kowalski (May 13, 1926 – October 20, 2017) was an American professional wrestler. He was born in Minneapolis, Minnesota. He was one half of the tag team Murder Incorporated with partner Tiny Mills in the American Wrestling Association (AWA) from 1960 to 1975. 

Kowalski turned to professional wrestling, debuting as Buddy Marco for a NWA promotion run by Tony Stecher.

In 1970, he went to New York to wrestle in the World Wide Wrestling Federation (WWWF) as Krippler Karl Kovacs. In Pennsylvania, Kowalski and Bruno Sammartino set a record attendance and gate of $86,000.

Kowalski died of complications from Alzheimer's disease on October 20, 2017 in Minneapolis at the age of 91.


Dick Beyer

Richard John "Dick" Beyer (July 11, 1930 – March 7, 2019) was an American retired professional wrestler who was best known by his ring names, The Destroyer or Doctor X.

Beyer was born in New York City. He studied at Syracuse University. 

eyer began as a "babyface" wrestler in the mid-1950s. His career as a "masked" wrestler, The Destroyer, began in 1962 in Los Angeles. He used the “figure-four-leg-lock” on his way to the Worldwide Wrestling Associates (WWA) championship on July 27, 1962.

Beyer went into semi-retirement in 1984. From 1984-95, Beyer taught physical education in the Akron, New York Central School District, where he also coached football, wrestling and swimming.

On November 4, 2017, it was announced that Beyer would be awarded the Order of the Rising Sun, Gold and Silver Rays, by the Japanese government for "a lifetime spent promoting goodwill and bi-cultural exchanges between Japan and the United States".

Beyer died on March 7, 2019 in Akron, New York, aged 88.


Pampero Firpo

Juan Kachmanian (April 6, 1930 – January 9, 2020), better known as Pampero Firpo, was an Argentine-American professional wrestler of Armenian descent.

An early pioneer of hardcore wrestling, Kachmanian usually wrestled as a heel, although he would go on to have a run as a face after being fireballed by The Sheik. Other notable feuds in his career would include Nick Bockwinkel, Alberto Madril and Apollo Jalisco.

Among the titles he held in his career were the NWA World Tag Team Championship (Texas version), the NWA United States Heavyweight Championship (Detroit version), the NWA Texas Heavyweight Championship and the NWA Hawaii Heavyweight Championship, as well as being the inaugural holder of the NWA Americas Heavyweight Championship. 

Using the bear hug and the El Garfio as his signature moves, Kachmanian popularized the drawn-out catchphrase 'ohhh yeah!' which would later become associated with Randy Savage. He retired in 1986 and then worked for the United States Postal Service in San Jose, California.

Firpo died on January 9, 2020 in San Jose, California at the age of 89.


Bill Mercer

William Anderson "Bill" Mercer (born February 13, 1926) is an American sportscaster, educator and author. He was born in Muskogee, Oklahoma. In 2002, he was inducted into the Texas Radio Hall of Fame. Mercer's best-known work in the field of exhibition wrestling was when he provided play-by-play announcing for the internationally acclaimed World Class Championship Wrestling (WCCW,) based in Dallas, from 1982-87.

Mercer is best known as a play-by-play radio announcer for baseball, football, basketball and wrestling. He was also a news reporter for Dallas, Texas, television station KRLD, covering the John F. Kennedy assassination in 1963. He and fellow reporters George Phenix, Wes Wise and Bob Huffaker wrote, "When the News Went Live," about their experiences during that time.

In his 60-year career, Mercer provided play-by-play broadcasting for several minor league teams: First, the Muskogee Giants of the Class C Western Association, then the Dallas Rangers (Triple A baseball) from 1959–64, and the Dallas-Fort Worth Spurs (Texas League baseball) from 1965 to 1971. He then moved up to broadcast for major league baseball's Texas Rangers (major league baseball) in 1972 (with Don Drysdale) and Chicago White Sox in 1974.

Mercer has retired to Durham, North Carolina after a long residence in Richardson, Texas.

Railbus

The rail bus train can be found in many different countries, they are known as the pacer or the cooker trains in the United Kingdom due to the loud noises and how hot the air was in the trains.

They were made to respond to the outcry for more trains than buses, while saving money with a cheap design. They used the bodywork and engine of a bus and placed them on a train chassis.

M1917 Browning machine gun

The M1917 Browning machine gun is a .30-06 Springfield machine gun created by John Browning. It was used in World War I and in World War II. It is a heavy machine gun that weighed around 100 pounds with the tripod and 42 pounds without it.

It is a water-cooled machine gun, which allowed it to fire for a long period of time without it overheating. The water-cooling tank made it much heavier. During World War II, M1917 was mostly replaced by the M1919 because it was lighter and let soldiers move more quickly, but the M1917 was still used often.

Spanish Golden Age

"El Siglo de Oro," literally "the century of gold," was the Golden Age of Spain. It was a period of flowering in Spanish art and literature. It happened at about the same time that the Spanish Habsburg dynasty ruled the country. El Siglo de Oro does not have precise dates and is generally considered to have lasted more than a century. It began no earlier than 1492, with the end of Reconquista (Reconquest), Christopher Columbus's first sea voyage to the New World, and the publication of "Gramática de la lengua castellana" by Antonio de Navarre. Politically, it ended no later than 1659, with the Treaty of the Pyrenees which was ratified between France and Hapsburg Spain. The last great writer of the period, Pedro Calderón de la Barca, died in 1681, and his death is generally considered the end of El Siglo de Oro in art and literature.

Diorite

Diorite ( ) is an melted rock that has cooled made mostly of the silicate minerals (materials made of silicon and oxygen). Diorite is between basalt and granite. Diorite is usually grey to dark-grey in color, but it can also be black or bluish-grey, and often has a greenish cast. It is distinguished from gabbro (basalt) because the material in diorite has more sodium and less calcium. Diorite may have small amounts of quartz, microcline, and olivine. Tiny amounts of muscovite may also be found. If there is a lot of quartz it makes the rock type "quartz-diorite" (>5% quartz) or tonalite (>20% quartz).

Diorite has an often speckled texture of coarse grain size.

Diorites may be associated with either granite or basalt intrusions, into which they may merge. Diorite results from the partial melting of a rock above the area where two tectonic plates merge under each other. It is commonly produced in volcanic arcs, and in cordilleran mountain building, such as in the Andes Mountains, as large batholiths. The extrusive volcanic equivalent rock type is andesite.

Diorite is a relatively rare rock. It is found in Leicestershire (one name for microdiorite—markfieldite—exists due to the rock's being found in the village of Markfield) and Aberdeenshire, UK; Guernsey; Sondrio, Italy; Thuringia and Saxony in Germany; Finland; Romania; Northeastern Turkey; central Sweden; the Darrans range of New Zealand; the Andes Mountains.

An orbicular variety found in Corsica is called corsite.

Hugo van der Goes

Hugo van der Goes (about 1435 – 1482) was a famous painter of the late 15th century He was probably born in Ghent, Belgium. He painted altarpieces and portraits. He painted his masterpiece, the "Portinari Tryptich" for a church in Florence. The painting shows the "Adoration of the Shepherds", a story from the Gospel of Luke about the shepherds who visited the baby Jesus on the night he was born. The painting influenced other artists of the Italian Renaissance because of its realistic style. 

Van der Goes became mentally ill on a visit to Cologne, Germany in 1481. On his way home, he tried to kill himself. His friends took him to a monastery in Belgium to recover from his illness, but he died in Auderghem a few weeks later.

Parenthesome

Parenthesomes or septal pore caps are special parts of the cells of fungi. In many cases they look like parentheses. Their function has not yet been studied fully. They do not always look the same, and their appearance is useful for differentiating between different species of fungi

Changqing Subdistrict

Changqing Subdistrict () is a subdistrict in Hefei, Anhui, China.

A Different World

A Different World was an American sitcom. The series was of the Hillman College, a fictional African American college in Virginia. The show aired on NBC.

The show was aired from September 24, 1987 to July 9, 1993.

There were many actors on the show, like Lisa Bonet, Jasmine Guy, Marisa Tomei, Loretta Devine, Keshia Knight Pulliam and Jada Pinkett.

The show looked at strong topics, like epidemiology of HIV/AIDS, the Equal Rights Amendment, race and class relations.

In season 2, it came to the attention of Bill Cosby and the producers that the show wasn't truly looking at a historically black college. That's when Debbie Allen was hired as the chief creative force to revamp the series.

Anya Taylor-Joy

Anya Taylor-Joy (born April 16, 1996) is an American-Argentine-British actress. She starred as Casey Cooke in the 2017 film "Split", and will reprise her role in the film's 2019 sequel, "Glass". In 2020, she starred in the film "The New Mutants".


Jeanne Brousse

Jeanne Brousse (maiden name: Maurier; April 12, 1921 – October 19, 2017) was a French resistance member. She was born in Saint-Pierre-de-Curtille in the Savoie region of France. 

Jeanne Brousse was a member of the French Resistance during World War II. In 1973 she was awarded the title of a Righteous Among The Nations. In 1981, Brousse was one of the founding members of the French chapter of the association of the Righteous Among The Nations. In 1987, she joined the French Yad Vashem committee, of which she remained the Vice President for several years.

In 2005, Jeanne Brousse was awarded the Legion of Honour.

Brousse died on 19 October 2017 in Annecy, France at the age of 96.

Walter Lassally

Walter Lassally (18 December 1926 – 23 October 2017) was a German-born British-Greek cinematographer. He won the Academy Award for Best Cinematography in 1964 for the movie "Zorba the Greek". He was born in Berlin. He moved to England in 1939. He was closely worked with the Free cinema movement in the 1950s, and the British New Wave in the early 1960s.

Lassally died on October 23, 2017 at a hospital in Crete, Greece from complications of surgery at the age of 90.


George Young (rock musician)

George Redburn Young (6 November 194622 October 2017) was a Scottish-born Australian musician, songwriter and record producer. He was a member of the 1960s Australian rock band the Easybeats, and with bandmate Harry Vanda he was a co-writer of the international hits "Friday on My Mind" and "Love Is in the Air", the latter recorded by John Paul Young (no relation). Vanda & Young were also the producers of some work by the Australian hard rock band AC/DC, formed by his younger brothers Malcolm and Angus Young.

Young died on 22 October 2017 in Australia, aged 70. His brother, Malcolm, died a few weeks later on November 18, 2017.


Al Hurricane

Alberto Nelson Sanchez (July 10, 1936 – October 22, 2017), known professionally as Al Hurricane, was an American singer-songwriter. He was dubbed "The Godfather" of New Mexico music. He released more than thirty albums, and was best known for his works to New Mexico’s unique style of Spanish music.

His signature look, which included an eye-patch, was due to an automobile accident that occurred during the 1960s.

Sanchez died of complications from prostate cancer on October 22, 2017 in Albuquerque, New Mexico, at the age of 81.

Jasmine Guy

Jasmine Guy (born March 10, 1962) is an American actress, director, singer and dancer. She is best known for playing Whitley Marion Gilbert in the 1987-93 sitcom "A Different World". She also played Erica in "K.C. Undercover".

For her work, Guy was nominated for and won 4 NAACP Image Awards for Outstanding Lead Actress in a Comedy Series from 1990 to 1993.

Guy was born in Boston, but raised in Atlanta.

Sources differ on Guy's birthdate. Some sources say she was born in 1962. Other sources mention 1964.


Tony Richardson

Cecil Antonio "Tony" Richardson (5 June 1928 – 14 November 1991) was an English theatre and movie director and producer. His career lasted for fifty years. In 1964 he won the Academy Award for Best Director for the movie "Tom Jones". He also directed "The Loved One", during which he worked with established stars including John Gielgud, Rod Steiger and Robert Morse.

He helped pay for the escape of a Wormwood Scrubs prison-imprisoned spy and double agent George Blake in 1966.


Al-Qaryatayn massacre

The Al-Qaryatayn massacre was a massacre of 128 civilians in the Syrian city of between its capture by the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant in 1 October 2017, and its recapture by the Syrian army in 21 October 2017. The victims were indiscriminately executed for being accused of cooperating with the Syrian government.

Dennis Skinner

Dennis Edward Skinner (born 11 February 1932) is a British Labour politician. He was a Member of Parliament (MP) for Bolsover between 1970 and 2019.

Skinner was born in Clay Cross, Derbyshire. He studied at Ruskin College. He married Mary Parker in 1960, however the two separated in 1989. They had three children.

Skinner was known for his left-wing views. He was a part of the Socialist Campaign Group of Labour MPs. He was a member of Labour's National Executive Committee for thirty years, and was the chairman of the Committee in 1988–89. He was one of the longest serving members of the House of Commons and the longest continuously-serving Labour MP. He was a supporter of Brexit.

In 2020, Skinner was named Honorary President of the Socialist Campaign Group.

Skinner was suspended from parliament at least ten times for calling MPs inappropriate names. He was nicknamed the "Beast of Bolsover" because of his inappropriate comments over the years. Some of the times he was suspended was:


Melissa Benoist

Melissa Marie Benoist (born October 4, 1988 in Houston, Texas) is an American actress and singer. She is best known for portraying Kara Danvers / Supergirl in the superhero television series, "Supergirl".She also portrays Marley Rose in Glee


Paul J. Weitz

Paul Joseph Weitz (July 25, 1932 – October 23, 2017) was an American naval officer and aviator, aeronautical engineer, test pilot, and former NASA astronaut.

Weitz flew into space twice. He was a member of the three-man crew who flew on Skylab 2, the first manned Skylab mission. He was also Commander of the STS-6 mission, the first of the Space Shuttle "Challenger" flights.

Weitz died on October 23, 2017 in Flagstaff, Arizona from myelodysplastic syndrome at the age of 85.


Guion Bluford

Guion Stewart Bluford Jr., Ph.D. (born November 22, 1942), (Col, USAF, Ret.), is an American aerospace engineer, retired U.S. Air Force officer and fighter pilot, and former NASA astronaut.

Bluford was the first African American in space. Before becoming an astronaut, he was an officer in the U.S. Air Force, where he remained while assigned to NASA, rising to the rank of Colonel. He participated in four Space Shuttle flights between 1983 and 1992. In 1983, as a member of the crew of the Orbiter "Challenger" on the mission STS-8.


Dhanteras

Dhanteras (Hindi: धनतेरस), also known as Dhanatrayodashi () or Dhanvantari Trayodashi, is the first day of the festival of Diwali in India and the festival of Tihar in Nepal.

Dhanteras is celebrated on the thirteenth lunar day of Krishna Paksha ("dark fortnight" in the moon's cycle) in the Vikram Samvat Hindu calendar month of Ashwin. Dhanvantari, who is also worshipped on Dhanteras, is the god of Ayurveda who brought and shared the wisdom of Ayurveda for the betterment of mankind and to bring relief from the suffering of disease with Ayurvedic remedies.

The Indian ministry of AYUSH (Ayurveda, Yoga and Naturopathy, Unani, Siddha and Homoeopathy), announced its decision to observe Dhanteras as the “National Ayurveda Day.” This day was first observed on October 28, 2016. 

Grottaglie

Grottaglie is a town and "comune" in the province of Taranto, Apulia, in southern Italy.

Grottaglie is in the Salento peninsula, a whole rock of Limestone dividing Adriatic Sea from Ionian Sea. The countryside around the city has many large and deep ravines.

The name Grottaglie comes from the Latin Cryptae Aliae, meaning "many ravines". People lived here since the paleolithic Age. The fief of Grottaglie was given by the Norman overlords to the Archdiocese of Taranto in the 11th century. In the 14th century the church gave the fief a walls and a castle.

Since the 15th-17th centuries the jurisdiction over Grottaglie fief was split between the ecclesiastic administration (civil law) and the lay feudal lords (criminal law, Cicinelli-Caracciolo family). Fights between these two competing authorities and revolts by the heavily-taxed population were common until the end of feudalism (1806). 


Folkloristic and religious events include the commemoration-day of and Easter-period when the Medieval-rooted confraternal religious orders perform their processions during the days of the ( rituals include and pilgrimage of confrères called “Bubble-Bubble” through the streets of town).

Other events include:

Grapes and ceramics are two main elements of the local economy.

Alenia Composite is a factory of Alenia group making parts for the Boeing 787.

Muthal Mariyathai

Mudhal Mariyadhai is a 1985 Tamil feature movie directed by P. Bharathiraja. It starred Sivaji Ganesan and Radha in the lead with Vadivukkarasi, Ranjani, Aruna Mucherla, A. K. Veerasamy and Sathyaraj playing other significant roles. The film's score and soundtrack are composed by Ilaiyaraaja.

The film was critically well received upon release. It fetched Best Lyricist Award and Best Feature Film in Tamil Award for Vairamuthu and Bharathiraja respectively at the 33rd National Film Awards. While the lead actors won their respective Filmfare Awards South in Best Tamil Actor and Best Tamil Actress category.

Kuyil role was first offered to Radhika, but she choose to do "Swati Mutyam", which was offered to her at the same time.

The film was dubbed into Telugu under the title "Aatma Bandhuvu". It is the last silver jubliee blockbuster of Sivaji as lead role.

The film commences with friends and family of an ailing village head, Malaichami (Sivaji Ganesan), gathered around him on his death bed. The plot then moves along in a series of flashbacks, featuring significant episodes of the dying man's life. These include the presence of a boatman's young daughter Kuyil (Radha) in his village. The protagonist is unhappily married to a bad or tempered wife by the name of Ponnatha (Vadivukkarasi), and seeks comfort in a friendship with Kuyil. The friendship raises eyebrows, and is socially awkward and complicated for both Malaichami and Kuyil.

The music was composed by Ilaiyaraaja while the lyrics for songs were written by Vairamuthu. All the songs were well received. G. Dhananjayan in his book "Pride of Tamil cinema – 1931 to 2013" wrote that the songs "helped tremendously in film's success".
In a comedy scene from "Thalattu Ketkuthamma" (1992), Koundamani sings "Poongatru Thirumbuma" to impress his wife (Vijay Chandrika), Prabhu completes the lyrics after Goundamani has forgetten the lyrics. In "Aavarampoo" (1992), Goundamani sings the song "Hey Kuruvi". In "Rajakumaran" (1994), Goundamani who plays a milk man tries to impress a girl whose face he has not seen by providing the milk. The song "Poongatru" with different lyrics is heard as background song for the scene. In "Parambarai" (1996), Kannayiram (Senthil) is seen singing the lyrics "Medhdhai Vanginen" from that song. In a scene from "Unakkaga Ellam Unakkaga" (1999), Kundalakesi (Goundamani) lifts a huge stone similar to Sivaji's technique from the film to impress his lover. Vivek did a spoof of "Muthal Mariyathai" in the film "Parthiban Kanavu" (2003). In "Mozhi" (2007), Ananthakrishnan (Brahmanandam) will be seen watching "Poongatru" in television before getting disturbed by a cockroach.

The dialogue "Enaku oru unma therinjaaganum" (I need to know the truth) spoken by A. K. Veerasamy became popular. An unrelated series of same name also directed by Bharathiraja was aired on Kalaignar TV. R. Selvaraj, writer of this film has directed a film called "Neethana Andha Kuyil" in 1986 which was inspired from the line from the song "Poongatru". Another song "Rasave Unnai Nambi" has inspired a Ramarajan starrer of same name. In Singam (2010), Pandu, Who came as a farmer intimated the dialogue,which gains a lot of interest towards the movie





Madhan Bob

S. Krishnamoorthy (born 9 October), better known by his screenname Madhan Bob, is a popular comedian and Tamil film actor from Chennai, Tamil Nadu, India. He started his film career as a musician and became an actor instead. Apart from appearing in supporting roles in Tamil films he also appears in the Sun TV comedy show "Asathapovathu Yaaru" as one of the judges. His debut film was "Vaaname Ellai". It was Madan Bob who first taught "Maragathamani" music.

He was eighth child in his family, so he was named Krishnamurthy which also happened to be his uncle’s name and there was a lot of confusion in the house, so they changed his name to Madan. his brother’s name is Padmanabhan a.k.a. Babu. Both started a music group called ‘Madan and Babu’. In time, the Babu became Bob and that’s how director Balachander introduced him in his first film.


T. S. Balaiah

Tirunelveli S. Balaiah (; 23 August 1914 – 22 July 1972) was an Indian actor best known for playing supporting roles in the Tamil films. He was introduced to the cine field by director Ellis R. Dungan in Sathi Leelavathi (1936), along with M. G. Ramachandran, N. S. Krishnan and M.K. Radha. He was one of the very few actors who excelled as a villain, as well as in character roles and comic roles.

T. S. Balaiah was born on 23 August 1914. He was born in Sundankottai, now in Thoothukudi district, Tamil Nadu. He ran away from home at young age and joined a Circus. Later joined Jagannatha Iyer’s famous drama company which was working in Tirunelveli and from which no turning back.

Balaiah began his film career through the Tamil film Sathi Leelavathi in 1936. Balaiah played first lead role in Mohini paired opposite Madhuri Devi, where he played elder brother to V. N. Janaki and supporting role by M. G. Ramachandran. He gained lot of weight at the age of 40 in 1954, hence started getting more character roles. Among his villain roles, Ambikapathy, Madurai Veeran, Thaikkupin Tharam, Hello Mister Zamindar and Thiruvilaiyadal were critically acclaimed. Balaiah also excelled in comedy roles in movies such as Kavalai Illaadha Manithan, Kadhalikka Neramillai, Bama Vijayam and Thillana Mohanambal. Actor Sivaji Ganesan had once mentioned that Balaiah along with M. R. Radha was his most admired actor.

Actress Manochithra is his daughter, while one of his sons Junior Balaiah has also appeared in films. Another son, Sai Baba, was part of MSV's troupe and sang a few song.


M. R. Radha

Madras Rajagopala Radhakrishnan Naidu (14 April 1907 – 17 September 1979), popularly known by his stage name, M. R. Radha, was an Indian movie actor and politician. He was given the title of "Nadigavel" (Spearhead of acting / frontrunner /torchbearer) by E.V.R. Periyar in a stage, for his acting prowess. After a successful career on stage in his early years, he acted in movies from the 1930s to the 1970s, and then, giving up movies, he went back to his first love, the stage.

Radha was a popular theatre artist who performed in more than 5000 stage shows. Starting at the age of 10, he appeared at first in small roles and eventually grew to a level that stories for dramas were custom made for him.Radha gained popularity with the success of his stage play "Ratha Kanneer". His performance in the 1954 movie version of the play, directed by Krishnan-Panju, brought wider recognition of his talents and made him a household name in Tamil Nadu.

Radha played both villain roles and comedic roles. After the 1950s, filmmakers created roles specially for him, and he often overshadowed even main actors like MGR and Sivaji Ganesan. He was an active member of the Self-Respect Movement, and was known for his atheistic views. Towards the end of his career, however, he started acting in Hindu devotional movies like "Velum Mayilum Thunai" but he often used to ridicule theism in these movies.

On 12 January 1967, Radha and a producer K.N. Vasu of Muthukumaran Pictures visited the actor and politician M. G. Ramachandran at his home to talk about a future project. During the conversation, Radha suddenly got up from his chair and shot twice at Ramachandran's left ear. Both bullets got lodged in Ramachandran's neck. Radha then turned the gun on himself and tried to shoot himself, but the bullet just scratched his right temple. Radha and Ramachandran were admitted to the Government General Hospital, Chennai, where they survived after proper treatment. The only eye witness for the shooting event was producer Vasu. As majority of the evidences were against Radha, he was sentenced to a seven-year term. At the High Court hearing, considering his age, the sentence was reduced to three and a half years.
After being released from jail, Radha died of jaundice on 17 September 1979 aged 72 at his residence in Thiruchirappalli. His popularity had improved and his funeral procession was one of the largest in South India, as over 200,000 mourners paid respect.

M. R. Radhakrishnan married four times, and his marriages were concurrent. The names of his wives were Smt. Saraswathi Ammal, Smt. Dhanalakshmi Ammal, Smt. Jayammal and Smt. Geetha. He was survived by three of his wives, namely Smt. Saraswathi Ammal, Smt. Dhanalakshmi Ammal and Smt. Jayamamal.

Radhakrishnan was the father of several children (at least three sons and six daughters) by his four wives. His three sons were M. R. R. Vasu and Radha Ravi (both borne by Smt. Dhanalakshmi Ammal) and M.R. Radharajoo. Radhakrishnan also had at least seven daughters, including Rashya, Rani, Ganavalli, Kasturi, Rajeswari and two daughters (actresses Radhika and Nirosha) born to his most junior wife Geetha.

Radhakrishnan's eldest son M. R. R. Vasu was a leading character artist until the mid-1980s. His other son Radha Ravi is also an actor. Radhika is an actress and producer and is presently married to actor R. Sarathkumar (her third husband). Nirosha (also known as Niroja) is an actress working mostly in supporting roles; she is married to actor Ramki.


The New Mutants (movie)

X-Men: The New Mutants (or simply titled The New Mutants) is a 2020 American superhero horror movie. It is the thirteenth film of the X-Men film series and it was released on August 28, 2020. The movie is directed by Josh Boone. It stars Anya Taylor-Joy, Maisie Williams, Charlie Heaton, Henry Zaga, Blu Hunt, and Alice Braga.

Wilhelm Ostwald

Wilhelm Ostwald (23 September 1853 - 4 April 1932) was a Latvian-German chemist born in Riga, Latvia, winner of the 1909 Nobel Prize in Chemistry. 

His parents are Elizabeth Leuckel and Gottfried Wilhelm Ostwald. His son is Wolfgang Ostwald. 
Wilhelm Ostwald was awarded the Nobel Prize in Chemistry in 1909 and it is Latvia's only Nobel prize. Although he was a German chemist, he was born in Latvia so the Nobel prize went to Latvia.

Singer 2018

"Singer" 2018 is the second season of Chinese television series "Singer", a rebranded version of "I Am a Singer" that will air on Hunan Television. It is produced by , and its music director is Hong Kong senior musician Kubert Leung. It will be recorded in the Hunan Broadcasting System Radio and Television Center, Changsha, Hunan on January 3, 2018 and aired from January 12 to April 20, 2018 on Hunan Television.

Notes:

This episode is the first episode of Singer 2018. It was recorded on January 3, 2017, and premiered on January 12, 2018 at 8:00 p.m. Beijing time on Hunan Television.

This episode is the second episode of Singer 2018. It was recorded on January 11, 2018, and was broadcast on January 19, 2018 at 8:00 p.m. Beijing time on Hunan Television. 1st round, Juno Su is going to participate challenge round, as the first challenge singer, at last she gets No.5 temporarily safe, and Li Xiaodong is the lowest percentages of votes in 1st round first two matches.
1st round, due to Juno Su gets No.5 temporarily safe in matches, Li Xiaodong is eliminated, as the lowest percentages of votes in 1st round first two matches.
This episode is the third episode of Singer 2018. It was recorded on January 18, 2018, and was broadcast on January 26, 2018 at 8:00 p.m. Beijing time on Hunan Television. James Li joins the competition in the 1st challenge round, as the first substitute singer.
In match 3, Juno Su gets No.3 challenge success, as Sam Lee is No.7 in the episode thus eliminated.
This episode is the fourth episode of Singer 2018. It was recorded on January 25, 2018, and was broadcast on February 2, 2018 at 8:00 p.m. Beijing time on Hunan Television. In second round, Hua Chenyu joins the competition, as the second substitute singer. 
At the end of "Singer 2017", many many Weibo entertainment marketing accounts said that "Singer 2017" as the last series of "I Am a Singer" and "Singer", the series of the show will not be made from 2018. There are three reasons, first in the preparation and broadcasting of "Singer 2017" faced a lot of uncertainty, second the invitation of competitors difficulties is harder than before, the last is the director Duyan and the screenwriter Sunli will leave after "Singer 2017". However on 14 June of 2017, During the broadcast of Hunan Xinwen Lianbo, accepted the interview of Hunan TV reporter. He said "Singer 2018" has entered the preparation to repudiate the remour.

Ugo Fangareggi

Ugo Fangareggi (30 January 1938 – 20 October 2017) was an Italian actor and voice actor. He was born in Genoa, Italy. He was best known for the role of Mangold in Mario Monicelli's "The Incredible Army of Brancaleone".

Fangareggi died of Parkinson's disease at the age of 79.

Langenhagen

Langenhagen is a town in Lower Saxony, Germany.

ESPCI Paris

ESPCI Paris (officially the École supérieure de physique et de chimie industrielles de la Ville de Paris; "The City of Paris Industrial Physics and Chemistry Higher Educational Institution") is a engineering graduate school in France. It is a constituent school of the University PSL (Northern France).

Its different curricula lead to the following French & European degrees :

Academic activities and industrial applied research are performed mainly in French and English languages. Students from a dozen of nationalities participate to the different curricula at ESPCI Paris.

Research activities at ESPCI relate to the following topics:



Mustafa Adrisi

General Mustafa Adrisi ( – 28 July 2013) was Vice President of Uganda. He served from 1977 to 1978 and was one of President Idi Amin's closest allies. In 1978, after Adrisi was injured in a suspicious auto accident, troops loyal to him decided to rebel. Amin sent soldiers against the rebelling people, some of whom had fled across the Tanzanian border. This led to the Uganda–Tanzania War.

In the late 1990s, Mustafa Adrisi was living quietly in Arua, West Nile, in a house provided by the Ugandan government, and had recently gone back to complete his primary school certificate. He died in 2013.

Ambert

Ambert is a "commune" in the Puy-de-Dôme department in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region in central-southern France.

It is a subprefecture of the department and the capital of the "arrondissement" of Ambert.

Ambert is in the southeast of the Puy-de-Dôme department, at to the south of Thiers, to the east of Issoire and to the southeast of Clermont-Ferrand.

The "commune" is in the plain of Ambert, surrounded by mountains: the "Monts du Forez" to the east and the "Monts du Livradois" to the west. The town is along the Dore, a tributary of the Allier river.

Ambert has an area of , and its average altitude is ; at the city hall, the altitude is .

The distances from Clermont-Ferrand to other cities are:

Ambert is surrounded by the "communes":

The climate of Ambert, in the Köppen climate classification, is Cfb - Oceanic climate with template summers.

The inhabitants of Ambert are known, in French, as "Ambertois" (women: "Ambertoises").

With a population of 6,794, Ambert has a population density of inhabitants/km.
Evolution of the population in Ambert

Ambert is a subprefecture of the Puy-de-Dôme department. It is also the capital of the "arrondissement" of Ambert and the administrative centre () of the canton of Ambert, formed 30 "communes", including Ambert, with 18,178 inhabitants .

It is part of the intercommunality "Ambert Livradois Forez".

Ambert is twinned with:



Dianbu, Anhui

Dianbu () is a town in and the seat of Feidong County in the eastern suburbs of Hefei, the capital of Anhui province, People's Republic of China.

There are multiple several subdivisions;

Topaz Solar Farm

Topaz Solar Farm is located near San Luis Obispo, California. It is one of the biggest solar farms in the world.

I. V. Sasi

Irruppam Veedu Sasidaran (28 March 1948 – 24 October 2017), better known as I. V. Sasi, (മലയാളം: ) was an Indian movie director. He made over 150 movies in various Indian languages and genres. He was known for his Malayalam movies of the 1970s, 1980s, and 1990s, although he directed a few Tamil and Hindi movies as well. 

In 2015, he was awarded the J. C. Daniel Award, the highest award in Malayalam cinema.

Sasi died at his home in Saligramam, Chennai on 24 October 2017 at the age of 69 at 10:30 am, due to a massive heart attack.

Girija Devi

Girija Devi (8 May 1929 – 24 October 2017) was an Indian classical singer of the Seniya and Banaras gharanas. She performed classical and light classical music and helped elevate the profile of thumri.

Devi agreed to not perform privately for others, but gave her first public concert in Bihar in 1951. She worked as a faculty member of the ITC Sangeet Research Academy in Kolkata in the 1980s and of the Banaras Hindu University during the early 1990s, and taught several students to preserve her musical heritage. Devi often toured and continued to perform in 2009.

Devi sang in the Banaras gharana and performed the "purabi ang" "thumri" style typical of the tradition, whose status she helped elevate.

Devi died on 24 October 2017 of cardiac arrest at the age of 88.


Glenn Barr

Albert Glenn Barr OBE (19 March 1942 – 24 October 2017) was a Northern Irish politician. He was born in Derry, Northern Ireland.

Barr was an activist of Ulster nationalism. For a time during the 1970s he straddled both Unionism and Loyalism due to simultaneously holding important positions in the Vanguard Progressive Unionist Party and the Ulster Defence Association.

Barr died ￼at Altnagelvin hospital on 24 October 2017 at the age of 75.

Ebrahim Ashtiani

Ebrahim Ashtiani (Persian: ابراهیم اشتیانی; January 4, 1942 – October 24, 2017) was an Iranian football player. He played for the Iran national football team and spent most of his career at Persepolis. 

His son Ardalan is also a professional football player.

After the retirement of Persepolis captains Jafar Kashani and Homayoun Behzadi, Ashtiani became captain of the club when he was only 28 making him the youngest captain of Persepolis, a record that was broken by Alireza Haghighi in 2010. He retired in the summer of 1976 at the age of 30.

Ashtiani won the Asian Cup in Thailand in 1972 as well as the football tournament of the 1974 Asian Games in Tehran. He made 35 appearances for the Iran national football team from 1969 to 1974.

Ashtiani died in Tehran of heart disease on 24 October 2017 at the age of 75.

Agave deserti

The desert agave ("Agave deserti") is an agave, which is a type of plant. It is found in deserts in southern California, Arizona, and Baja California.

Robert Campin

Robert Campin (c. 1375 – 26 April 1444) was a famous Flemish painter. He is also known as The Master of Flémalle. He painted altarpieces and portraits. Campin was a very successful painter. He made a lot of money and owned several houses in Tournai. For thirty years he was the most famous painter in Tournai. He had a large workshop where many painters worked for him. Campin's best known work is the "Mérode Altarpiece". He painted it between 1425 and 1428.

No one knows where Campin was born. By 1406 he was a master painter in Tournai. By 1419 he had a large workshop there. Many cities and churches in Flanders bought his paintings. He was married to Ysabel de Stocquain. They had no children. In 1432 he had an affair with Laurence Polette. He was taken to court for this and banished (sent away) from Tournai for one year. Margaret of Burgundy admired his work. She convinced the court to let him pay a fine instead of banishment. Campin died in Tournai in 1444.

IPhone SE (1st generation)

The iPhone SE is a smartphone made by Apple Inc. It was released on March 31, 2016. It has almost everything the iPhone 6S has but in the body of an iPhone 5S. It does not have 3D Touch or a barometer. However, just like the iPhone 6S, it has an improved Apple A9 system-on-a-chip, an improved battery, and an improved camera that can record 4K video.

Along with the iPhone 6S and the iPhone X, the iPhone SE was discontinued by Apple on September 12, 2018. The iPhone SE currently does not have an upcoming model based on the original iPhone SE. "Business Insider" wrote that "Apple made a big mistake by removing its smallest and most affordable iPhone from its lineup", suggesting that the company was ignoring customers who are worried about the loss of a smartphone type that is both affordable and small enough to be comfortable to use. "Quartz" reported that women and other smartphone users with small hands get sore hands from holding large smartphones. The technology website "Gizmodo" was also concerned that Apple discontinued the iPhone SE, hoping that "there will be a return to smaller phones", as well as hoping that people will be able to hold a phone "in a single hand, and be able to use it fully." 

Earlier iPhones, the 4.7-inch iPhone 6 and the 5.5-inch iPhone 6 Plus, had much larger screens. However, there are a significant number of customers who would prefer to use a smaller 4-inch screen size of the iPhone 5 and the iPhone 5S. 

Apple stated in the "Let us loop you in" event on March 21, 2016 that they sold over 30 million 4-inch iPhones in 2015. In this event, they proved that many customers wanted smaller phones. Later in the event they presented the iPhone SE, describing it as "the most powerful 4-inch phone ever." 

The iPhone SE, iPhone 6S, and iPhone 6S Plus were the last iPhones to feature the standard 3.5 mm headphone jack.

Along with the iPhone 6S and the iPhone X, the iPhone SE was discontinued by Apple on September 12, 2018.

The iPhone SE looks almost identical to the iPhone 5 and 5S, except the iPhone SE has got rounded edges and a stainless steel Apple logo on the back. Cases designed to fit the 5 and the 5S will also fit an . The iPhone SE is available in the colors Space Gray, Silver, Gold, and Rose Gold. 

"CNET" was positive about the iPhone SE, considering the iPhone SE to be a "great choice at the small end, with no compromises". "CNET" also praised Apple for adapting the iPhone 6S generation phones into different sizes to increase variety of phone types; the smaller 4.0-inch SE, 4.7-inch 6S, and 5.5-inch 6S Plus. In a later article, "CNET" summarized the iPhone SE to be “the smaller, more pocketable member of the iPhone family. It was Apple's compact, budget option, and its 4-inch screen and tinier overall size were total throwback stuff. Consumers loved the battery life and that it still had a headphone jack.”

"The Verge" considered the iPhone SE to be "a much-improved, well-designed, small phone with great battery life" and a "great upgrade" for customers who currently own 4S or 5S models, noting the device's familiar appearance, high performance (even noting that the small screen is the only problem for multitasking and certain apps), and improved battery life. Giving the iPhone SE an 8.7 out of 10, Goode praised many features of the iPhone SE: "the iPhone SE is not a tiny little engine of innovation. It's today's tech in yesterday's phone body. As with anything, we should be wary of giving too much praise to something that's just doing its job."

"TechCrunch" praised the iPhone SE's design. They mentioned that the phone appealed "not just to the nostalgic and neophobic (fear of new things), but simply people who prefer a smaller phone." The employees who work at TechCrunch do not have "particularly large or small hands, but [they] preferred this highly pocketable, proven design to the new one for a number of reasons", further praising the iPhone SE as the best iPhone that Apple has ever made.

Leviathan (book)

Leviathan is a famous book by Thomas Hobbes. Its full name is Leviathan or The Matter, Forme and Power of a Common-Wealth Ecclesiasticall and Civil. Hobbes wrote the book in 1651. The name of the book comes from a sea monster called "Leviathan" in the Book of Job (one of the books in the Old Testament of the Bible). In "Leviathan", Hobbes writes about the structure of society and what makes a good government. It was a very early book on social contract theory. It influenced many other writers. He also wrote a version of the book in Latin in 1668.


Queue

A queue is a line of items.

Queue might also refer to:


La Noche Triste

La Noche Triste (Spanish for "The Sad Night") was a famous battle between the Spanish conquistadors and the Aztecs, a native people of Mexico. The battle took place on the shores of Lake Texcoco near the Aztec city of Tenochtitlan in the night between June 30 and July 1, 1520.

The Spanish side, led by Hernán Cortés, had 600 to 1000 Spanish soldiers and 20,000 native Mexican allies. The Aztecs, led by Cuitláhuac (the son of Moctezuma II), had 50,000 soldiers. The Aztec soldiers won the battle. They made the Spanish army leave their city. The Spanish army lost almost all their equipment and the gold they took from Tenochtitlan. Between 400 and 800 Spanish soldiers were killed or captured. Between 2,000 and 4,000 native Mexican allies of the Spanish were killed or captured. The Aztecs lost about 1,000 soldiers.

Local enemies of the Aztecs rescued the survivors. They organized a bigger army, returned, and attacked in 1521, causing the Fall of Tenochtitlan

Shedinja

Shedinja is one of the fictional species of Pokémon from the "Pokémon" media franchise owned by Nintendo and Game Freak.

It is a Bug/Ghost type Pokemon from the third generation of games, Ruby, Sapphire and Emerald. It is evolved from a Nincada when there's a free space in the player's party. Shedinja is notable because it only takes damage from super effective attacks and has one HP.

Additional Member System

The Additional Member System is an electoral system used to produce a more proportional result than Plurality voting, also known as First Past The Post. It is sometimes referred to as Mixed Member Proportional but these two electoral systems have different ways of allocating list seats. The term additional member system is almost only used in the United Kingdom but has been used to describe Italy's Electoral system from 1993 to 2005.

In the Additional Member System the voter has two votes ; one vote goes to an local representative or multiple representatives from a geographical electoral district. This is commonly referred as a constituency vote. The other vote goes to a political party. This is commonly referred as a list vote and is to represent the voter in a wider region.

Firstly, the Constituency vote is counted: the votes are counted and the candidate with the most votes, even if the candidate did not reach a majority, wins the seat.

Next, each party's Member Score is calculated using a formula:

formula_1

"V = Party List Vote"

"S = Seat already won"

Once the party's member score is calculated the list seats are given to each political party using the D'hondt formula.

In this Hypothetical Example there is 100,000 voters and there are: 3 political Parties, 10 total Seats (6 constituency seats and 4 list seats).


Italy's Parliament used from 1993 to 2005 used a system which was sometimes called the additional member system but was known as Mattarellum, it had 75% of seats allocated using Plurality voting and 25% of seats used to create a proportional legislature. It had a complex system to allocate proportional seats which was called Scorporo.

Rosatellum, officially known as the Italian Electoral Law of 2017, Is an additional member system with 36% of seats allocated using Plurality Voting and 64% of seats used to create a proportional legislature. The new electoral law was supported by the current government's Democratic Party and the coalition partner Popular Alternative, but also by the opposition parties Forza Italia, Lega Nord and Liberal Popular Alliance. However, two parties (the Five Star Movement and the Democratic and Progressive Movement) did not support the new electoral system. The electoral law was approved on the 12th October by the Chamber of Deputies with 375 votes in favor and 215 against and on 26 October by the Senate with 214 votes against 61.

Port Blair

Port Blair () is the capital of the Andaman and Nicobar Islands, a union territory of India in the Bay of Bengal. It is also the local administrative sub-division ("tehsil") of the islands, the headquarters for the district of South Andaman, and is the territory's only notified town. It houses the headquarters of the Andaman and Nicobar Police and the Andaman and Nicobar Command, the first integrated tri-command of the armed forces of India.
Port Blair also serves as the entry point for visiting the Andaman and Nicobar Islands. Port Blair is connected with mainland India by both air and sea. It is a 2-hour flight from mainland India to Port Blair, but it takes 3–4 days by sea to reach Chennai, Kolkata or Vishakhapatnam. Air connectivity to Port Blair is available from Chennai, Kolkata, New Delhi, Hyderabad, Mumbai, Bhubaneshwar and Vishakhapatnam. All flights bound to Andaman and Nicobar Islands land at the Veer Savarkar International Airport. Sea connectivity is available from Chennai, Kolkata and Vishakhapatnam are embarked in Haddo Wharf Port. It is home to several museums and a major naval base INS Jarawa of the Indian Navy, along with sea and air bases of the Indian Coast Guard and the Indian Air Force. Port Blair is also famous for the historic Cellular Jail and other small islands like Carbyns Cove, Wandoor, Ross, Viper etc. which were once home to British colonists.

Port Blair has been selected as one of the cities to be developed as a smart city under the Smart Cities Mission.

 India census, Port Blair had a population of 100,608. Males constitute 52.92% (53,247) of the population and females 47.07% (47,361). Port Blair has an average literacy rate of 89.76%, higher than the national average that is 74.04%. In Port Blair, male literacy is 92.79%, and female literacy is 86.34%. 9.3% of the population is under the age of 6 years. The most common religion is Hinduism, followed by Christianity and Islam. Bengali is the most spoken language of the city, followed by Hindi and Tamil.

Cellular Jail

The Cellular Jail, also known as Kālā Pānī (Hindi for "black waters"), was a colonial prison in the Andaman and Nicobar Islands, India. The prison was used by the British especially to exile political prisoners to the remote archipelago. Many notable dissidents such as Batukeshwar Dutt, Yogendra Shukla and Vinayak Damodar Savarkar, among others, were imprisoned here during the struggle for India's independence. Today, the complex serves as a national memorial monument.
The construction of the prison started in 1896 and was completed in 1906. The original building was a puce-colored brick building.The bricks used to build the building were brought from Burma.Each of the seven wings had three stories upon completion. There were no dormitories and a total of 696 cells. Each cell was in size with a ventilator located at a height of .
The name, "cellular jail", derived from the solitary cells which prevented any prisoner from communicating with any other. Also, the spokes were so designed such that the face of a cell in a spoke saw the back of cells in another spoke. This way, communication between prisoners was impossible.
The Empire of Japan invaded the Andaman islands in 1942 and drove out the British. The Cellular Jail then became home to British prisoners. During this period, Subhas Chandra Bose also visited the island. In 1945, the British resumed control with the end of World War II.
Another two wings of the jail were demolished after India achieved independence. However, this led to protests from several former prisoners and political leaders who saw it as a way of erasing the evidence of their persecution. The remaining three wings and the central tower were therefore converted into a National Memorial on 11th February 1979 by then Prime Minister of India Shri.Morarji Desai.

The Govind Ballabh Pant Hospital was set up in the premises of the Cellular Jail in 1963. It is now a 500-bed hospital with about 40 doctors serving the local population.The centenary of the jail's completion was marked on 10 March 2006. 

Ross Island, South Andaman district

Ross Island is an island of the Andaman Islands. It belongs to the South Andaman administrative district, Andaman and Nicobar Islands.
The island is situated east from downtown Port Blair.

About nine months before the Japanese take-over of the entire set of islands, Ross Island experienced an earthquake, which caused many people to leave the Island. 
Except for a brief time when the Japanese occupied, the abandonment of Ross Island as a result of the quake continued. The headquarters were then shifted to Port Blair.

From 1942 to 1945, the island was occupied by the Japanese. The Government House became the residence of the Japanese admiral also for three years (from March 1942 to October 1945). It was during this period that Subhash Chandra Bose, who took the help of Japanese in his fight against the British, stayed at the Island for a day in December 1943. Netaji also hoisted the national tricolor at the top of the Government House. The Japanese too left their imprint on the island which stand in the form of bunkers used as watch points to safeguard the Island from any foreign invasion.

The allies reoccupied the island in 1945 and later abandoned it.

In April 1979, the island was handed over to the Navy, which set up a small post, INS Jarawa, named after one of the indigenous tribes of the Andaman group of islands.

The island belongs to the Port Blair Islands and lies in the entrance of Port Blair.

Politically, Ross Island is part of Port Blair taluk.

Ross Island is an island where no civilian settlement is allowed by the authorities.

Naya Raipur

Nava Raipur, officially Atal Nagar-Nava Raipur, is a planned city in Indian state of Chhattisgarh. The city is meant to replace Raipur as the capital of Chhattisgarh. The Government of Chhattisgarh is at Naya Raipur. The city is between National Highway 53 and National Highway 30. It is about south-east of Raipur. Swami Vivekananda Airport is between Raipur and Nava Raipur. Nava Raipur has of land. About is used for 41 villages. The core of the city is 27 of these villages.

About half of the land is for public uses. 23% of the land is for government and educational institutions. About 30% of the land is for people to live on and for economical uses. According to the plan, 560,000 people will be able to live in the city by phase III. The city should be at Phase III by 2031. There are also plans for the city to grow in size and to upgrade its infrastructure in the future.


Shaheed Veer Narayan Singh International Cricket Stadium is a new cricket field in the city. 65,000 people can enter. It opened in 2008. It is the second largest cricket stadium in India and the fourth largest cricket stadium in the world by seating capacity.

The stadium was home ground for two matches for the IPL team Delhi Daredevils during the 2013, 2015 and 2016 Indian Premier League event.

A half marathon, with the theme "Let us run" was in the stadium 16 December 2012 to mark Vijay Diwas.

Sunil Gavaskar rated this stadium to as one of the best stadiums in the country and said it should be used for all types of matches.


Shaheed Veer Narayan Singh International Cricket Stadium

The Shaheed Veer Narayan Singh International Cricket Stadium or Naya Raipur International Cricket Stadium is a cricket field in the city of Naya Raipur, Chhattisgarh, India.

It is the second largest cricket stadium after Eden Garden cricket stadium (Kolkata) and fourth-largest cricket stadium in the world. The stadium has a seating capacity of 65,000. Inaugurated in 2008, this ground hosted its first ever match in 2010, when the Canada national cricket team arrived in India and played a practice match against the Chhattisgarh state team. In 2013, the stadium was declared as a second host venue for Delhi Daredevils in the Indian Premier League (IPL) and hosted two of its matches.

The stadium is named after Veer Narayan Singh a landlord from Sonakhan who led the 1857 war Indian independence in Chhattisgarh.


Famous places in Shanghai

The Oriental Pearl Tower is located in the Lujiazui neighborhood of Pudong New Area. It is 468 meters tall. It was the tallest building in China from 1994 to 2007. The whole design of the tower aims for an effect of splendor, giving the viewer the impression that pearls of various sizes are dropping onto an emerald plate. It has thousands of visitors a day.
The Shanghai Museum in People's Square in Huangpu District is a place for people to learn more about Chinese culture. It has many different exhibits. Some are about Chinese money, some are about Chinese painting, and some are about Chinese calligraphy (beautiful writing in the Chinese language). The most famous exhibit is its Bronze Exhibition Hall and the most famous in its collection is the Dake Ding, a big bronze cooking pot with very old and very important Chinese writing inside.

The Shanghai Science and Technology Museum at 2000 Century Ave. in Pudong is a place for local people in Shanghai to enjoy and learn about science. It is also an attraction for tourists. The museum has Asia's largest group of cinemas featuring films about science: two IMAX cinemas, a 4D IWERKS cinema, and the Space Digital Cinema.

The Shanghai Wildlife Park at 178 S. Sixth Rd. in Pudong is the largest wild animal park in China, with many different kinds of animals like pandas, snub-nosed monkeys, and crested ibises.

The Shanghai Ocean Aquarium at 1388 Lujiazui Ring Rd. in Pudong is one of the largest aquariums in Asia. It has nine areas of different kinds of sea animals, including Chinese, African, and polar areas. There is a park next to it. Kids would love it.

Yu Garden (also: Yu Yuan), located at 218 Anyan St. in the Huangpu District, is a classical Chinese garden. It was built by a government official during the Ming period of Chinese history. He started it in 1559 and finished it 20 years later. There is a large shopping area full of traditional Chinese foods and goods between it and the nearby City God Temple.

The Guyi Garden (also: Guyi Yuan) is at No. 218, Huyi Road, Nanxiang Town, Jiading District. Many tourists visit there for the lotus. This is also a place famous for "Xiaolongbao" a popular Shanghai-style dumpling filled with meat and vegetables. Both tourists and locals go day and night to the Guyi Garden Restaurant; it sells an average of over 20,000 xiaolongbaos each day.

The China Art Museum is located at No. 205 South Road, Pudong New Area. It is very large. It looks like the alphabet character called "hua" (華). There are many exhibitions of artworks from all over the world. Museum entrance is free of charge. The paintings in the museum are all valuable and famous. 

It is in Chuansha new town, Pudong district. It is the sixth Disneyland Park of the world and the fist Disneyland Park in mainland China. It is eight times larger than the one in Hong Kong. There are many scenic spots in the park, such as Mickey Avenue, Land of dreams, and Adventure Isle. You can go there by Line 11. Although the food is really expensive, there are many people visiting it every day.

It is at No. 201 Hongmei Road, minghang district. It is a very large amusement park. The ferris wheel is the first giant ferris wheel in China.

Zhujiajiao (朱家角, "Zhūjiājiǎo") is a water town and suburb in Qingpu District in western Shanghai. It is over 170 years old. It got its name from the Zhu family, who used to live there. It is the best preserved of Shanghai's four ancient towns.

Happy Valley (欢乐谷, "Huānlè Gǔ") is an amusement park on Linhu Road in Songjiang District near Sheshan. It has seven areas: Happy Time, Typhoon Bay, Gold-Mine Town, Happy Sea, Shangri-La, and the Shanghai Bund. There are 100+ rides. The price of the ticket is 230yuan each, and 120yuan for a child.

Tianzifang (田子坊）is a neighborhood in Huangpu District north of the Dapuqiao Subway Station. It was built in 1998. There are many art shows in it. There are many shops in it, too. t's a place for young people to shop. People can buy food, traditional clothes, and local crafts there. 

It is the branch of Shanghai Science and Technology Museum. It is at at No. 128, the second of Shimen Road, Jinan District. It is the largest natural museum in China. You can see a lot of samples there. 

The new Shanghai Library, which covers an area of some 80,000 square meters, has a collection of 13 million books and is considered one of the top ten libraries in China. The library incorporates the open-stacks approach favored in the West, which allows for convenience in borrowing books. It is at No. 1555, Middle Huaihai Road.

People's Square (人民广场) is the largest public square in Shanghai. It has become the political and cultural center in Shanghai since 1994, when it was rebuilt. People's Square is a garden-type open space. There are buildings and facilities around it, for administration, cultural activities, transportation, and commerce.

Nanjing Road East, honored as China's No. l Street, has become an all-weather pedestrian arcade. Shops and restaurants provide products and services with their own characteristics, making it an ideal place that integrates shopping, restaurants, amusement and sightseeing. It's always crowded. 

It is in the northwestern corner of People's Square. The Shanghai Grand Theater covers 70,000 squat, meters. It is actually composed of three theaters. The theaters can accommodate performances of ballet opera, symphonies, chamber music modern dramas, and musicals. The theater also owns the largest, fully automatic stage in Asia. The theater has become a symbol of modern culture in Shanghai. 

It is in the central district of Shanghai, Huangpu River. The Bund, also known as Zhong Shan Dong Yi, total length of about 1.5 km. Huangpu River east, west, Gothic, Romanesque, Baroque style, such as Chinese and western wall of the building 52 of various styles, known as the "Wan State Building Expo Group. It's really good to visit it at night with a cup of coffee.

Lu Xun Park is a park in Hongkou District. Its Chinese name is "Lú Xùn Gōngyuán" (). Lu Xun was an important writer in China during the early 1900s. Inside the park, there is a museum about Lu Xun and his tomb. The museum shows photographs of Lu Xun's life and some of his things, such as his stories in his own handwriting. The headstone of Lu Xun's tomb in the park reads "Tomb of Lu Xun" and is in Mao Zedong's handwriting.

Wen Temple has moved four times. Now it is on Wenmiao Road. It was built in 1895. Wen Temple was used to remember Confucius. There are many calligraphy work of emperors like Kangxi, Yongzheng, Qianlong.

Muhammad Qudrat-i-Khuda

Muhammad Qudrat-i-Khuda ( – 3 November 1977) (, FPAS, SI), was a Bangladeshi organic chemist, educationist and writer. He founded the Bangladesh Council of Scientific and Industrial Research. From 1969 to 1972, Khuda served as the president of the Pakistan Academy of Sciences.

He was awarded Ekushey Padak in 1976 by the Government of Bangladesh for his contribution in education of the country and Independence Day Award in 1986 (posthumous) by the Government of Bangladesh for his contribution in science and technology.

Khuda was born in Margram village, Birbhum District, Bengal Presidency, British India (now India). He passed Matriculation examination from Calcutta Madrasa in 1918 with First Division. In 1924, he received his MSc degree in Chemistry from Presidency College, Kolkata. Later, he studied in London University. In 1929, he received D. Sc. in physics from this institute.

Khuda was specialized in the field of organic chemistry. He conducted research on herbals, jute, salt, charcoal, soil and minerals. He extracted biochemical elements from local trees and plants that can be used for medical purposes. Khuda and his associates had patent of 18 scientific inventions. One of his most significant inventions was manufacturing of Partex from jute-stick. Other significant scientific innovations by Khuda were manufacturing malt vinegar from the juice of sugarcane and molasses, rayon from jute and jute-sticks, and paper from jute.




Against All Odds (Take a Look at Me Now)

"Against All Odds (Take a Look at Me Now)" is a song written and recorded by British singer-songwriter Phil Collins. It was first released on March 26, 1984. The song appears on the soundtrack for the movie of the same name. The song reached number one in Norway and on the US "Billboard" Hot 100. It reached the top five in the UK, Switzerland, Belgium, Sweden, and New Zealand.

The song has become popular and covered by many artists, including American singer-songwriter Mariah Carey, who included a cover on her 1999 album, "Rainbow". She later released a new version of the song in 2000 featuring Irish boy band Westlife. This version reached number one in the UK.

Lauw

Lauw is a commune in the Haut-Rhin department of east France.


Misenum

Misenum (modern-day Miseno) is a small commune near Naples, Italy. Today, Miseno is part of Bacoli. Miseno is at the end of the Gulf of Naples. The city has a long history. Originally, Misenum was part of Cumae. It was devastated by Hannibal, in the year 214 BC.

Today, it is mostly known for its beaches. The best-known sight is the Piscina Mirabilis, a water reservoir, of about 70m by 30m which the Romans constructed to support the fleet.

The current landscape around Misenum is characterized by hills and crater lakes. It is the result of the volcanic activity of the Phlegraean Fields.

Inga Borg

Inga Maria Borg (25 August 1925 – 24 October 2017) was a Swedish artist and children's book author. She is best known for writing about the fantasy figure Plupp. She was awarded the Elsa Beskow Award for her books about Plupp in 1970. She was born in Stockholm.

Borg died in Stockholm on 24 October 2017 at the age of 92.

Albaston

Albaston () is a hamlet in Cornwall, England, United Kingdom. It is in the civil parish of Calstock.
Albaston is about 1 mile (2 kilometres) from the centre of Gunnislake and half-a-mile (0.7 kilometres) from Gunnislake railway station, the junction of the Tamar Valley Line from Plymouth.

In the past, Albaston was closely connected with the nearby mine at Drakewalls. The success of the Drakewalls mine in the late eighteenth and early nineteenth century led to the growth of the village of Albaston, including the building of a Methodist chapel and several shops, homes and businesses. A brewery, Edward Bowhay & Brothers, was established by 1877; this brewery had closed by 1930.

The village has a Methodist church, known as Tamar Valley Methodist Church. It was opened in 2001.

The Old Post Office House is now rented as a holiday home accommodating nine people.

Christian Pentecostal leader Thomas Ball Barratt was born in Albaston in 1862, the son of a mining engineer. He moved to Norway when his father began working for a mine there and in later life became the founder of the Norwegian Pentecostal movement.

Contribution claim

A contribution claim is a claim made by one or more people in a court case to get money from a person not involved in the case.

In most cases, contribution claims are made like the original claim itself. The claim must be personally given to the new, third party defendant, by the third party plaintiff (the defendant bringing the claim for contribution relief). In contrast, a counter-claim asserts that the party (usually a defendant) is entitled to offset the damages awarded to plaintiff by the proportionate share of any responsibility, liability, or fault assigned to the plaintiff by the jury. Finally, a cross-claim is the same as a counter-claim or contribution claim, except that it is asserted by a defendant against other defendants. Counter-claims and cross claims do not require personal service because no new parties are being added to the claim.

In some state court systems, a contribution claim must be made as a new case, and the person making it must pay a fee. In other states, no extra fee is required.

Marcus Terentius Varro Lucullus

Marcus Terentius Varro Lucullus (c. 116 – soon after 56 BC), younger brother of the more famous Lucius Licinius Lucullus, was a supporter of Lucius Cornelius Sulla and consul of ancient Rome in 73 BC. As proconsul of Macedonia in 72 BC, he defeated the Bessi in Thrace and advanced to the Danube and the west coast of the Black Sea. In addition, he was marginally involved in the Third Servile War (a.k.a. Spartacus' War).

Lu Guanqiu

Lu Guanqiu (;17 January 1945 – 25 October 2017) was a Chinese billionaire entrepreneur, and the founder of Wanxiang Group. He was the 18th richest person in China, according to the Hurun Report China Rich List 2013, The individual ranked as the 286th wealthiest person globally. and reportedly the richest person in Zhejiang province. He was a delegate to the Chinese National People's Congress.

Lu died on 25 October 2017 in Hangzhou, China, aged 72.

Vilnis Edvīns Bresis

Vilnis Edvīns Bresis (30 January 1938 in Jelgava – 25 October 2017) is a Latvian politician who was the Chairman of the Council of Ministers of the Latvian SSR from 6 October 1988 to 7 May 1990. From 2002 until 2010, Bresis was member of the parliament, elected from the Union of Greens and Farmers. 

Bresis died on 25 October 2017 of pulmonary edema at the age of 79.

Cheri Bustos

Cheryl Lea Bustos (née Callahan; born October 17, 1961) is an American journalist, healthcare executive, and politician. Bustos was the U.S. Representative for Illinois's 17th congressional district from 2013 to 2023. She is a member of the Democratic Party. Bustos was the first woman elected to Congress from her district.

In April 2021, Bustos announced that she would not run for another term in 2022.


Billy the Puppet

Billy is a puppet that has appeared in the "Saw" franchise. It was used by John Kramer to talk with his test subjects by delivering recorded messages, often appearing on a television screen or occasionally in person to describe the details of the traps and the means by which the test subjects could survive.

Although it has never actually been identified in the movies, "Billy" is the name by which it is referred to by writers, directors, and members of the cast and crew on documentaries and interviews. The name was given to it by its real-life creator James Wan, who is the director and co-writer of "Saw".


David A. Kessler

David Aaron Kessler (born May 13, 1951) is an American pediatrician, lawyer, author, and administrator (both academic and governmental). He was the Commissioner of the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) from November 8, 1990 to February 28, 1997.

On November 9, 2020, Kessler was announced as one of the three co-chairs of Joe Biden's COVID-19 Advisory Board, alongside former U.S. Surgeon General Vivek Murthy and Yale public health professor Marcella Nunez-Smith in his administration.

He was the head of Operation Warp Speed, the U.S. government program to accelerate the development of COVID-19 vaccines and other treatment, from January to February 2021.


Donald Kennedy

Donald Kennedy (August 18, 1931 – April 21, 2020) was an American scientist, public administrator and academic. He served as Commissioner of the Food and Drug Administration (1977–79), President of Stanford University (1980–92), and editor-in-chief of Science (journal) (2000–08). 

Kennedy resigned as president of Stanford University in 1992 in the wake of a scandal involving expenses charged to the federal government.

Kennedy died of COVID-19 in Redwood City, California on April 21, 2020 at the age of 88.

Icelandic horse

Icelandic horses are a breed of horse that resist the cold, have two unique gaits, and are a breed with special names.
Icelandics in winter get really fluffy coats, helping keep the cold out.
The icelandics also have two unique gaits, one of which, the most popular, the tölt! The tölt is a beautiful, long stride gait, almost like a stretched out trot.

This specific breed of horse has special names for their horses, since the breed is quite old. Here are some examples of them:


Lierna

Lierna is a "comune" in the province of Lecco in Lombardy, “the Diamond of Lake Como” in north-west Italy. It lies on the eastern shore of Lake Como in the area Centro Lago. It is about north of Milan and about north-west of Lecco. It has an area of 11.3 km² and has twelve "frazioni": Bancola, Casate, Castello, Cisarino, Genico, Giussana, Grumo, La Foppa, Mugiasco, Olcianico, Sornico and Villa. At the end of 2014 the population was 2176 people, in 983 families. Lierna is the most represented village on Lake Como over the centuries in works of art.

Lierna borders the comunes of 
Bellagio, Mandello del Lario, Varenna, Limonta (Oliveto Lario), Esino Lario, Mandello del Lario.

The first mention of Lierna dates to 854 AD, but Roman remains, including a mosaic floor now in the Palazzo Belgioioso of Lecco, attest to much earlier settlement. The name of the village may be of Roman or of Celtic origin. Between 1035 and 1202 it was a feud of the Monastery of San Dionigi in Milan. Lierna was contested between Milan and Como, and between the Della Torre and Visconti families. It passed into the hands of the Marchesino Stanga in 1499, and in 1533 to the Sfondrati family of Cremona, who held it until 1788. Lierna became a "comune" in 1743, when it was separated from that of Mandello.

In 1927 the Milanese sculptor Giannino Castiglioni opened a studio at his house in Lierna. He died in Lierna on 27 August 1971. He left some preparatory plaster casts to the comune; a museum to house them is under construction.

In 1933 an incomplete fossil of "Lariosaurus balsami", a nothosaurid from the Middle Triassic (circa 240 million years ago) of which the first example was discovered at Perledo, some 10 km north of Lierna, was found in a quarry in the "frazione" of Grumo. It is now in the Museo di Storia Naturale in the Palazzo Belgioioso of Lecco.

The “Centre-Lake Como” (Centro-Lago di Como) spans between Bellagio, Lierna, Varenna, Menaggio, Tramezzina, and the Comacina Island, standing out as the most beautiful and prestigious region across the entirety of Lake Como. This area has been a haven for European nobility, boasting centuries-old possessions.

In the Centre-Lake Como (Centro-Lago), property prices can soar beyond 350,000 euros per square meter, drawing parallels to the opulent Costa Smeralda. George Clooney himself likened Lierna to “like Monte Carlo,” emphasizing its exclusive allure.

Lierna shares borders with the municipalities of Bellagio, Varenna, Oliveto Lario, Esino Lario, and Mandello del Lario, enhancing its strategic and picturesque location within the enchanting Lake Como landscape.


The highly coveted luxury locale is the central region of Lake Como, offering breathtaking views from the iconic tip of Bellagio to the picturesque expanses encompassing Tremezzo, Griante, Menaggio, Lierna, Fiumelatte, and Varenna.

Apartments in this sought-after area command prices ranging from 5,000 to 7,000 euros per square meter, with select penthouses fetching as much as 25,000 euros per meter. Non-independent villas typically range between 10,000 and 15,000 euros, while independent villas with lake views can exceed 25,000 euros per square meter. For rentals, a space of 80 square meters may incur costs of up to 7,500 euros per month, excluding condominium fees.

Lake Como has evolved today into a super-exclusive neighborhood of Milan, embodying opulence and sophistication in its real estate landscape.


List of places in Cornwall

This is a list of all the towns and villages in the ceremonial county of Cornwall, United Kingdom. The ceremonial county includes the unitary authorities of both Cornwall and the Isles of Scilly.

The list has been compared to gazetteers and the Cornish names are in the standard written form and approved by the MAGA Signage Panel.

For the Civil parishes which often share the name of a village, see Civil parishes in Cornwall.
Badgall, Badharlick, Bake, Bakesdown, Baldhu, Ball, Balwest, Bangors, Banns, Barcelona, Bareppa, Barkla Shop, Barripper, Bathpool, Beacon, Bealbury, Bealsmill, Beeny, Belowda, Bennacott, Berepper, Berriowbridge, Bethany, Bethel, Bilberry, Billacott, Biscovey, Bishop's Quay, Bissoe, Bissom, Black Cross, Black Rock, Blackwater, Blisland, Blowinghouse, Blue Anchor, Blunts, Bocaddon, Bodanna, Bodbrane, Bodella, Bodellick, Bodelva, Boderwennack, Bodgate, Bodieve, Bodiggo, Bodilly, Bodiniel, Bodinnick, Bodmin, Bodrean, Bodrifty, Bodrigan, Boduel, Bodulgate, Bodwannick, Bodway, Bodwen, Bofarnel, Bohago, Bohetherick, Bohortha, Bojewyan, Bokiddick, Boleigh, Bolenowe, Bolingey, Bolitho, Bolventor, Boquio, Boscadjack, Boscastle, Boscean, Boscoppa, Boscreege, Boskednan, Boskenna, Bosleake, Boslowick, Boslymon, Bosoughan, Bosporthennis, Bossiney, Boswednack, Boswin, Boswinger, Boswyn, Botallack, Botternell, Bottoms, Botusfleming, Bowithick, Bowling Green, Box's Shop, Boyton, Braddock, Bradford, Brane, Bray Shop, Brazacott, Brea, Breage, Brent, Bridge, Bridgend, Bridges, Bridgetown, Brighton, Brill, Broad Lane, Broadlane, Brocton, Brooks, Brunnion,Buscaverran, Bude, Budge's Shop, Budock Water, Bugle, Burgois, Burlawn, Burlorne Pillow, Burlorne Tregoose, Burncoose, Burniere, Burnthouse, Burras, Burraton, Burraton Coombe, Buryas Bridge, Bush, Busveal, Butteris Gate, Buttsbear Cross

Cadgwith, Calenick, Callestick, Callington, Calloose, Calstock, Calvadnack, Camborne, Cambrose, Camelford, Camelford Station, Cannalidgey, Canonstown, Canworthy Water, Cape Cornwall, Caradon Town, Carbis, Carbis Bay, Carclaze, Carclew, Cardinham, Carey Park, Carfury, Cargreen, Carharrack, Carkeel, Carland Cross, Carleen, Carlidnack, Carloggas, Carludon, Carlyon Bay, Carminow Cross, Carn Arthen, Carn Brea Village, Carn Towan, Carne, Carnebone, Carnhell Green, Carnhot, Carnkie, Helston, Carnkie, Redruth, Carnkief, Carnon Downs, Carnsmerry, Carnyorth, Caroe, Carpalla, Carthamartha, Carthew, Carwynnen, Carzise, Castallack, Castle Dore, Castle Gate, Castle Killibury, Catchall, Cawsand, Chacewater, Chapel, Chapel Amble, Chapel Town, Charaton Cross, Charlestown, Chenhalls, Chilsworthy, Chiverton Cross, Church Coombe, Church Cove, Church Town, Churchbridge, Churchtown, Chyandour, Chyanvounder, Chycoose, Chynhale, Chynoweth, Chyvarloe, Clapper, Clerkenwater, Cliff, Clowance Wood, Clubworthy, Coad's Green, Cocks, Cockwells, Colan, Cold Northcott, Coldharbour, Coldvreath, Collamoor Head, Come-to-Good, Comford, Comfort, Common Moor, Congdon's Shop, Connon, Connor Downs, Constantine, Constantine Bay, Cooksland, Coombe, Bude, Coombe, Camborne, Coombe, Liskeard, Coombe, Redruth, Coombe, St. Austell, Coombe, Truro, Coppathorne, Copperhouse, Copthorne, Corgee, Costislost, Coswinsawsin, Couch's Mill, Coverack, Cowlands, Cox Hill, Coxford, Coxpark, Crackington Haven, Crafthole, Crahan, Crantock, Crean, Creed, Creegbrawse, Crelly, Cremyll, Criggan, Crimp, Cripplesease, Croanford, Croft Mitchell, Crofthandy, Cross Coombe, Cross Hill, Cross Lanes, Crossgate, Crosstown, Crow's Nest, Crowan, Crowlas, Crowntown, Crows-an-wra, Crugmeer, Crumplehorn, Cubert, Curgurrell, Currian Vale, Curry Lane, Cury, Cusgarne, Cusveorth Coombe, Cutmadoc, Cutmere

Dannonchapel, Darite, Darleyford, Davidstow, Daw's House, Degibna, Delabole, Demelza, Deveral, Devoran, Dimson, Dinas, Dizzard, Dobwalls, Doddycross, Doublebois, Downderry, Downgate, Downhill, Downinney, Drakewalls, Drawbridge, Drift, Drym, Duloe, Dunmere, Dunslea, Dunveth, Durgan, Dutson

East Looe, East Taphouse, Eastcott, Edgcumbe, Edmonton, Eggbeare, Egloshayle, Egloskerry, Ellenglaze, Engollan, Enniscaven

Falmouth, Farms Common, Fenton Pits, Fentonadle, Feock, Fernsplatt, Fistral Beach, Fivelanes, Fletchersbridge, Flexbury, Flushing, Fonston, Forder, Forge, Forrabury, Foundry, Four Lanes, Fowey, Foxhole, Fraddam, Fraddon, Freathy, Frogmore, Frogpool, Frogwell

Gam, Gang, Garker, Garras, Georgia, Germoe, Gerrans, Gilbert's Coombe, Gillan, Gloweth, Gluvian, Godolphin Cross, Godrevy, Golant, Golberdon, Goldsithney, Gollawater, Gonamena, Goon Gumpas, Goon Piper, Goonabarn, Goonbell, Goonhavern, Goonhusband, Goonlaze, Goonown, Goonvrea, Gooseham, Gooseham Mill, Gorran Churchtown, Gorran Haven, Gorran High Lanes, Gothers, Gracca, Grade, Grampound, Grampound Road, Great Bosullow, Great Tree, Green Bottom, Greensplat, Greenwith Common, Grillis, Grimscott, Grumbla, Gulval, Gummow's Shop, Gunnislake, Gunwalloe, Gwallon, Gwavas, Gwavas, Gwedna, Gweek, Gwennap, Gwenter, Gwills, Gwinear, Gwinear Downs, Gwithian

Halabezack, Halamanning, Hale Mills, Halgabron, Hallew, Hallworthy, Halsetown, Halton Barton, Halvosso, Halwin, Hannafore, Harcourt, Harlyn, Harlyn Bay, Harrowbarrow, Hatt, Hawker's Cove, Hay, Haye, Hayle, Heamoor, Helebridge, Helford, Helford Passage, Helland, Hellandbridge, Hellesveor, Helscott, Helston, Helston Water, Helstone, Hendra, Hendra Croft, Hendrabridge, Hendraburnick, Henwood, Herniss, Herodsfoot, Hersham, Hessenford, Hewas Water, Hick's Mill, High Cross, Constantine, High Cross, Truro, High Lanes, High Street, Higher Bal, Higher Boscaswell, Higher Condurrow, Higher Crackington, Higher Cransworth, Higher Downs, Higher Lank, Higher Menadew, Higher Penpol, Higher Porthpean, Higher Tolcarne, Higher Town, Higher Town (Scilly), Higher Tremarcoombe, Highercliff, Highertown, Highlanes, Highway, Hillhead, Holmbush, Holy Vale, Holywell, Hornick, Horningtops, Horsedowns, Hugh Town, Hugus

Idless, Illand, Illogan, Illogan Highway, Inchs, Indian Queens, Insworke

Jacobstow, Jolly's Bottom, Joppa

Kea, Kehelland, Kelly, Kelly Bray, Kelly Rounds, Kelynack, Kennards House, Kenneggy, Kenneggy Downs, Kents, Kenwyn, Kerley Downs, Kerris, Kersbrook Cross, Kerthen Wood, Kestle, Kestle Mill, Keybridge, Kilhallon, Kilkhampton, Killaworgey, Killivose, Kingbeare, Kingsand, Knave go by, Knightor, Knightsmill, Kuggar, Kynance Cove

Laddenvean, Ladock, Ladycross, Laity Moor, Lamanva, Lambourne, Lamellion, Lamledra, Lamorick, Lamorna, Lamorran, Landewednack, Landrake, Land's End, Landulph, Lane, Lane-end, Laneast, Lanescot, Langore, Lanhydrock, Lanivet, Lanjeth, Lanjew, Lank, Lanlivery, Lanner, Lanreath, Lansallos, Lanteglos-by-Camelford, Lanteglos-by-Fowey, Lanteglos Highway, Lantuel, Lantyan, Larrick, Latchbrook, Latchley, Launcells Cross, Launceston, Lavrean, Lawhitton, Leburnick, Leedstown, Lelant, Lelant Downs, Lellizzick, Lerryn, Lesnewth, Levalsa Meor, Lewannick, Lezant, Lezerea, Linkinhorne, Liskeard, Little Beside, Little Bosullow, Little Comfort, Little Petherick, Little Treviscoe, Lizard peninsula, Lizard, Lockengate, Lodge Hill, London Apprentice, Longdowns, Long Rock, Longships, Longstone (St Mabyn), Longstone (St Mary's), Looe, Looe Mills, Lostwithiel, Lower Amble, Lower Bodinnar, Lower Boscaswell, Lower Brynn, Lower Clicker, Lower Croan, Lower Lank, Lower Menadue, Lower Mill, Lower Penpol, Lower Porthpean, Lower Rose, Lower Town, Lower Trebullett, Lower Tregantle, Lower Woodley, Lower Woon, Lowertown, Lowertown-by-Helston, Luckett, Ludgvan, Luxulyan, Lynstone

Mabe Burnthouse, Maders, Madron, Maenporth, Maer, Malpas, Manaccan, Manhay, Manor Parsley, Marazanvose, Marazion, Marhamchurch, Marshgate, Maryfield, Maudlin, Mawgan, Mawgan Porth, Mawla, Mawnan, Mawnan Smith, Maxworthy, Mayon, Maypole, Meaver, Medlyn, Melinsey, Mellangoose, Mellingey, Mena, Menabilly, Menacuddle, Menadarva, Menagissey, Menheniot, Menherion, Menna, Merry Meeting, Merrymeet, Merther, Merther Lane, Metherell, Mevagissey, Michaelstow, Middle Crackington, Middle Penpol, Middle Taphouse, Middle Town (St Agnes), Middle Town (St Martin's), Middlehill, Middlewood, Milcombe, Millbrook, Millendreath, Millook, Millpool, Milltown, Mineshope, Mingoose, Minions, Mitchell, Mithian, Mithian Downs, Mixtow, Molinnis, Mongleath, Monkscross, Moorswater, Mornick, Morvah, Morval, Morwenstow, Mount, Mount Ambrose, Mount Charles, Mount Hawke, Mount Hermon, Mount Misery, Mount Pleasant, Mountjoy, Mousehole, Muchlarnick, Mulberry, Mulfra, Mullion, Mullion Cove, Mylor, Mylor Bridge, Mylor Churchtown

Nance, Nanceddan, Nancegollan, Nancemellin, Nancenoy, Nancledra, Nanpean, Nanquidno, Nanstallon, Nantithet, Narkurs, Navarino, Netherton, New Downs, New Grimsby, New Mill, New Mills, New Polzeath, Newbridge, Newlyn, Newport, Newquay, Newton, Newtown, Newtown-in-St Martin, Nine Maidens Downs, Ninnes, Ninnes Bridge, No Man's Land, Noonvares, Normandy, Norris Green, North Beer, North Corner, North Country, North Darley, North Hill, North Petherwin, North Tamerton, Northcott, Northward, Notter, Notter Bridge

Old Cardinham Castle, Old Grimsby, Old Kea, Old Mill, Old Park, Old Town, Otterham, Otterham Down, Otterham Mill, Otterham Station

Padstow, Palmersbridge, Pantersbridge, Par, Paramoor, Parc Erissey, Park, Park Bottom, Parkengear, Parkfield, Paul, Paul's Green, Paynter's Cross, Paynter's Lane End, Pelistry, Pelynt, Pempwell, Penare, Penbeagle, Penberth, Penberth Cove, Pencarrow, Pencoys, Pencuke, Pendeen, Pendoggett, Pendrift, Penelewey, Pengegon, Pengelly, Pengersick, Pengold, Pengover Green, Penhale, Penhale Jakes, Penhallam, Penhallick, Penhallow, Penhallym, Penhalurick, Penhalvean, Penmarth, Penmayne, Pennance, Pennytinney, Penpethy, Penpillick, Penpol, Penpoll, Penponds, Penpont, Penrose, Penrose Hill, Penryn, Pensilva, Penstraze, Pentewan, Pentire, Penwartha, Penwartha Coombe, Penweathers, Penwithick, Penzance, Percuil, Perran Downs, Perran Wharf, Perranarworthal, Perrancoombe, Perranporth, Perranuthnoe, Perranwell, Perranwell Station, Perranzabuloe, Peterville, Petherwin Gate, Phillack, Philleigh, Piece, Pillaton, Pipers Pool, Pityme, Plaidy, Plain Street, Plain-an-Gwarry, Playing Place, Plusha, Plushabridge, Point, Polbathic, Polborder, Polbrock, Poldice, Polgear, Polgigga, Polgooth, Polkerris, Polladras, Polmarth, Polmassick, Polmear, Polmorla, Polpenwith, Polpeor, Polperro, Polruan, Poltesco, Polwheveral, Polyphant, Polzeath, Poniou, Ponjeravah, Ponsanooth, Ponsongath, Pont, Pool, Porkellis, Port Gaverne, Port Quin, Port Isaac, Porteath, Porth, Porth Kea, Porth Navas, Porthallow, Porthcothan, Porthcurno, Porthgwarra, Porthgwidden, Porthhallow, Porthilly, Porthleven, Porthloo, Porthmeor, Portholland, Porthoustock, Porthtowan, Portloe, Portlooe, Portmellon, Portreath, Portscatho, Portwrinkle, Poughill, Poundstock, Praa Sands, Praze-an-Beeble, Probus, Prospidnick, Prussia Cove, Puddle

Quethiock, Quintrell Downs, Quoit, Queenstown

Radnor, Raginnis, Rame (in Maker-with-Rame), Rame (in Wendron), Readymoney Cove, Reawla, Red Post, Redmoor, Redruth, Redtye, Reen Manor, Rejerrah, Releath, Relubbus, Rescassa, Rescorla, Reskadinnick, Restronguet Passage, Resugga Green, Retallack, Retire, Rezare, Rilla Mill, Rillaton, Rinsey, Rinsey Croft, Rising Sun, Roche, Rock, Rockhead, Rocky Hill, Roscroggan, Rose, Rose-an-Grouse, Rosecare, Rosedinnick, Rosehill, Roseland, Rosemelling, Rosemergy, Rosenannon, Rosenithon, Rosevean, Rosevear, Rosevine, Rosewarne, Roseworthy, Roseworthy Barton, Roskear Croft, Roskorwell, Rosudgeon, Row, Ruan High Lanes, Ruan Lanihorne, Ruan Major, Ruan Minor, Rumford, Ruthernbridge, Ruthvoes

Salem, Saltash, Sancreed, Sandplace, Sandylake, Saveock, Scarcewater, Scorrier, Scredda, Sea Mills, Seaton, Seaureaugh Moor, Sellan, Sennen, Sennen Cove, Seworgan, Sharptor, Sheffield, Sheviock, Shop, Shortacross, Shortlanesend, Shutta, Silverwell, Sithney, Sithney Common, Sithney Green, Skewes, Skinner's Bottom, Sladesbridge, Slaughterbridge, South Carne, South Hill, South Petherwin, South Pill, South Tehidy, South Treveneague, South Wheatley, Southcott, Southdown, Sparnon Gate, Splatt, Stenalees, Stencoose, Stennack, Stepaside, Stibb, Sticker, Stithians, Stoke Climsland, Stoptide, Stratton, Stursdon, Summercourt, Sweets, Sweetshouse

St Agnes (Cornish mainland), St Agnes (Isles of Scilly), St Allen, St Ann's Chapel, St Anthony-in-Meneage, St Anthony in Roseland, St Austell, St Blazey, St Blazey Gate, St Breock, St Breward, St Buryan, St Cleer, St Clement, St Clether, St Columb Major, St Columb Minor, St Columb Road, St Day, St Dennis, St Dominick, St Endellion, St Enoder, St Erme, St Erney, St Erth, St Erth Praze, St Ervan, St Eval, St Ewe, St Gennys, St Germans, St Gluvias, St Hilary, St Issey, St Ive, St Ive Cross, St Ives, St Jidgey, St John, St Just in Penwith, St Just in Roseland, St Keverne, St Kew, St Kew Highway, St Keyne, St Lawrence, St Levan, St Mabyn, St Martin, St Mawes, St Mawgan, St Mellion, St Merryn, St Mewan, St Michael Caerhays, St Michael Penkevil, St Michael's Mount, St Minver, St Neot, St Newlyn East, St Pinnock, St Ruan, St Stephens by Saltash, St Stephens, St Teath, St Tudy, St Veep, St Wenn, St Winnow

Talland, Talskiddy, Telegraph, Temple, Tencreek, Terras, The Towans, The Town, Thorne, Three Hammers, Three Holes Cross, Threemilestone, Threewaters, Thurdon, Tideford, Tideford Cross, Tilland, Timbrelham, Tintagel, Titson, Todpool, Tolborough, Tolcarne, Tolcarne Wartha, Toldish, Tolgullow, Tolgus Mount, Tolskithy, Tolvaddon Downs, Tomperrow, Torfrey, Torpoint, Towan, Towan Cross, Towednack, Townshend, Traboe, Tramagenna, Treal, Treamble, Treath, Treator, Trebarber, Trebartha, Trebarwith, Trebarwith Strand, Trebeath, Trebell Green, Trebetherick, Trebilcock, Trebudannon, Trebullett, Treburgett, Treburgie, Treburley, Treburrick, Trebyan, Treclago, Tredannick, Tredaule, Tredavoe, Tredethy, Tredinnick, Tredrizzick, Treen (in St Levan parish), Treen (in Zennor parish), Treesmill, Trefanny Hill, Treforda, Trefrize, Trefusis, Tregada, Tregadgwith, Tregadillett, Tregajorran, Tregamere, Tregardock, Tregargus, Tregarland, Tregarlandbridge, Tregarne, Tregarrick Mill, Tregaswith, Tregatillian, Tregatta, Tregavarah, Tregear, Tregeare, Tregellist, Tregeseal, Tregew, Tregidden, Tregirls, Tregirls beach, Tregolls, Tregona, Tregonce, Tregonetha, Tregonna, Tregonning, Tregony, Tregoodwell, Tregoose, Tregorden, Tregorrick, Tregoss, Tregreenwell, Tregrehan Mills, Tregue, Tregullon, Tregunna, Tregurrian, Tregurtha Downs, Trehan, Trehemborne, Trehunist, Trekeivesteps, Trekenner, Trekenning, Treknow, Trelan, Trelash, Trelassick, Treleigh, Trelew, Treligga, Trelights, Trelill, Trelion, Treliske, Trelissick, Treliver, Treloquithack, Trelowia, Trelowth, Tremail, Tremaine, Tremar, Trematon, Trematon Castle, Tremayne, Trembraze, Tremedda, Tremethick Cross, Tremore, Tremorebridge, Tremough, Trenance, Trenant, Trenarren, Trenay, Trencreek, Trencrom, Trendeal, Trenear, Treneglos, Trenerth, Trenean, Trengale, Trengume, Trenhorne, Treningle, Treninnick, Trenithon, Trenoon, Trenoweth, Trenoweth, Isles of Scilly, Trenwheal, Trequite, Trerair, Trerise, Trerose, Trerulefoot, Tresamble, Tresarrett, Tresavean, Tresawle, Tresawson, Trescoll, Trescowe, Tresean, Tresevern Croft, Tresillian, Tresinney, Treskerby, Treskillard, Treskilling, Treskinnick Cross, Treslothan, Tresmeer, Tresowes Green, Tresoweshill, Tresparrett, Tresparrett Posts, Treswithian, Treswithian Downs, Trethellan Water, Trethevy, Trethewell, Trethewey, Trethillick, Trethosa, Trethowel, Trethurgy, Trevadlock, Trevalga, Trevalgan, Trevance, Trevanger, Trevanson, Trevarrack, Trevarren, Trevarrian, Trevarrick, Trevarth, Treveal, Trevegean, Treveighan, Trevellas, Trevelmond, Trevelver, Trevemper, Treven, Trevena, Trevenen, Trevenen Bal, Trevenning, Treveor, Treverbyn, Treverva, Trevescan, Trevia, Trevigro, Trevilder, Trevilla, Trevilson, Trevine, Treviscoe, Treviskey, Trevithal, Trevoll, Trevone, Trevorrick, Trevowah, Trevowhan, Trew, Trewalder, Trewarmett, Trewartha, Trewassa, Treween, Trewellard, Trewen, Trewennack, Trewennan, Trewetha, Trewethen, Trewethern, Trewey, Trewhiddle, Trewidland, Trewindle, Trewinnion, Trewint, Trewithian, Trewithick, Trewollock, Trewoodloe, Trewoon, Treworga, Treworlas, Treworld, Trewornan, Treworrick, Treworthal, Treyarnon, Trezaise, Trezelah, Trillacott, Trispen, Troan, Trolver, Troon, Troswell, Truas, Truro, Truscott, Trussall, Truthan, Truthwall, Trythogga, Tubbs Mill, Tuckingmill (near Camborne), Tuckingmill (near St Breward), Tuelmenna, Turfdown, Tutwell, Twelveheads, Twelvewoods, Two Bridges, Two Burrows, Tywardreath, Tywardreath Highway

United Downs, Uny Lelant, Upton, Upton Cross

Valley Truckle, Varfell, Vellanoweth, Venterdon, Ventongimps, Ventonleague, Veryan, Victoria, Viscar, Vogue

Wadebridge, Wainhouse Corner, Wall, Wanson, Warbstow, Warbstow Cross, Warleggan, Washaway, Watergate, Waterloo, Wearde, Week Green, Week St Mary, Welltown, Wendron, Wenfordbridge, Werrington, West Curry, West Downs, West Looe, West Pentire, West Taphouse, West Tolgus, West Watergate, West Youlstone, Westdowns, Wheal Alfred, Wheal Baddon, Wheal Busy, Wheal Coates, Wheal Frances, Wheal Kitty, Wheal Rose, Wherrytown, Whipsiderry, White Cross, Whitecross (Crowlas), Whitecross (Lanteglos), Whitecross (St Breock), Whitecross (Blisland), Whitemoor, Whitewell, Whitstone, Widegates, Widemouth Bay, Wilcove, Windmill, Windsor, Winnard's Perch, Withiel, Withielgoose, Woodford, Woolley, Woolston, Woon, Wringsdown

Yeolmbridge

Zelah, Zennor, Zoar



Team Fortress Classic

Team Fortress Classic is a team online multiplayer first-person shooter video game made and sold by Valve.

In Team Fortress Classic two teams battle each other, with each team member having access to nine types of character.

Asiago

Asiago is a mountain town in the Northern Italian alps and the birthplace of the world-famous Asiago cheese. The town is located on a plateau at an altitude of 3800 feet (1000 meters) and has a population of more than 6000 people. Asiago is also known as the site of a major battle during the first World War and is home to a war memorial and observatory. Its current economy is based on farming, dairy production and tourism. Roads connect Asiago to the cities of Verona, Venice and Trento and their international airports.
The town of Asiago is located at an altitude of 3280 feet (1,000 meters), and it covers an area of 1.8 square miles (2.95 Km2). Asiago is the largest city on its plateau. The land is flat with low hills, and it’s surrounded by the Brenta and the Astico rivers. The land is covered by forests or it is used as pasture.
The temperature varies from 25 °F to 71 °F (-4C to 21C). The warmer season is between June and September with an average daily high temperature around 64 °F(18C). The cold season is from November to March, with an average daily high temperature below 43 °F(6C). Most of the snow falls between November and April with an average snow depth between 0.1 and 0.4 inches.
Humans were present in the area since Paleolithic times. Inside of local caves, evidence of the presence of first settlers, such as weapons, stone tools and cave painting, have been documented.
In the following centuries, the plateau became the settlement for different peoples like Bavarians, Scandinavians and Cimbri. These different cultures have left their signs in the local language and traditions.
Asiago and the six other towns on the plateau formed an alliance and shared a common government between 1310 and 1807. The alliance was an autonomous state and an ally of the Republic of Venice. After 1807, Asiago became part of the Republic of Venice and then of the Italian kingdom.
During World War I (1915-1918), the plateau was the place of many battles between the Austro-Hungarians and Italians.
The deadliest battle took place on the 15th of May 1916 and lasted for two weeks. For the first time on the Italian front, the Austro-Hungarian army used toxic gas. The battle caused the deaths of 15,000 Italian and 10,000 Austro-Hungarian soldiers. The civilian population of Asiago was evacuated and the town was destroyed as the result of heavy bombing. After the end of the war, some of the original population returned to Asiago and rebuilt the town.
The famous American writer Ernest Hemingway spent time in Asiago during the first World War as an ambulance driver. In 1922, he wrote a poem inspired by this experience and called “Arsiero, Asiago”.
The traditional economy was based on farming and on the use of other natural resources taken from the forest. More recently this has been replaced by the year-round tourism industry and by small manufacturing and food processing factories.

Asiago offers many outdoor activities such as hiking and skiing. There are 500 km of ski slopes and 260 km of biking trails (the Plateau Grand Tour). Many tourists are also attracted by the opportunity to taste local foods and visit historical sites from the first World War. Since 2003, the number of tourists has been decreasing every year. In 2015, 174,139 tourists visited Asiago.
Asiago is the birthplace and the place of production of Asiago cheese. Production dates back to the 11th century. During the first World War the method of production was changed in order to feed the growing number of soldiers present on the plateau. This led to the development of the modern version of Asiago cheese, which is now popular around the world. The town of Asiago is the fifth major site of cheese production in Italy, exporting primarily to Switzerland and the United States. The production and origin of Asiago cheese are established under European union rules and guaranteed by a P.D.O. (protected designation of origin) label.
In 2016, the population of Asiago was 6,426. Following a common trend in Italian mountain communities, the population has decreased in number and has become older in age in the last few decades.
Asiago is connected by road to the cities of Vicenza, Trento and Bassano. Regular bus services connect Asiago to near towns and cities. The closest international airports are the ones of Verona and Venice. Asiago is also the site of a small airfield, which is a popular destination for flying in from Northern Italy, Southern Germany and Southern Austria.
The observatory of Asiago is home to the largest optical telescope in Italy, and it is operated by the University of Padua. It was built in 1942, and it’s located at an altitude of 3428 feet (1.045 meters).

The Asiago War Memorial is a monument containing the bones of about 60,000 Italian and Austrian-Hungarian soldiers who died on the plateau during World War I. It was built in 1936 and opened by Mussolini in 1937. It is still an important national crypt and the place of official national celebrations.

The town hall was rebuilt in 1929 after it was destroyed during the first World War. It is made of white and red marble and decorated with Murano glass and mosaic. Its tower houses a 1600 kg bell that is 139 cm in diameter.

Forte Interrotto is a fort overlooking the town. It was built in 1887 at an altitude of 4566 feet and was originally used as military barracks. During the first World War, it became a fortress and was occupied by Austro-Hungarian forces on the 22th of May 1916. Its ruins are now a popular hiking destination.

Miitopia

Miitopia is a role playing video game for the Nintendo 3DS, 2DS and Switch. Players can be one of many class of Mii characters. These include Mage, Princess, Warrior, Flower, Cleric and Vampire. The goal of the game is to defeat the Dark Lord and become the world's greatest hero. To do this, the player must defeat many monsters. They can get new powers whenever they defeat a monster. This is called "Leveling Up". Each class has its own powers. For example, if the character is a Mage, they can get spells such as Fire or Lightning. 

The game starts with the Hero walking around Greenhorne. Meanwhile, the Dark Lord begun to steal Mii faces. When the hero gets to the town of Greenhorne, the Dark Lord steals the the faces of the townspeople. The hero then goes to save the faces of the townspeople. In doing so, the mayor gives the hero some paper that lets them in the casaleZzz...

Allusion

An allusion is a figure of speech. It refers to a well-known story, event, person, or object in order to make a comparison in a person's mind.

Marmorera

Marmorera (, ) was a municipality of the district Albula in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2016, the former municipalities of Bivio, Cunter, Marmorera, Mulegns, Riom-Parsonz, Salouf, Savognin, Sur and Tinizong-Rona merged to form the new municipality of Surses.

Kahlil Gibran

Kahlil Gibran (6 January 1883 – 10 April 1931) was a writer and poet from Lebanon. He wrote books in both English and Arabic. His most famous book is "The Prophet".

Gibran was born in Lebanon when it was part of the Ottoman Empire. His family moved to the United States of America when he was 12 years old and settled in the Boston neighbourhood of South End, at the time the second-largest Syrian and Lebanese ethnic enclave in the USA, and he went to school both in the US and in Lebanon.

He died at the age of 48 in New York City from tuberculosis and cirrhosis of the liver, due to prolonged serious alcoholism.


Anatoliy Solovianenko

Anatoliy Solovianenko (September 25, 1932 – July 29, 1999) was a Soviet and Ukrainian tenor. He was a People's Artist of the USSR (1978). 

He was born in Donetsk (Stalino at that time) into a mining family. He graduated from Donetsk Polytechnic Institute in 1954. He also studied singing with Alexander Korobeichenko from 1950. He recorded 18 LPs of arias, romances and songs.

Anatoliy Solovyanenko died from a heart attack on 29 July 1999.

Privacy

Privacy is the ability to choose what information or personal data is hidden and who it's hidden from.

Privacy laws in many countries give the right not to be unfairly subjected to invasions of privacy. 

The Universal Declaration of Human Rights says that privacy is a human right.

Everyone wants to keep things about them private.

Some people want to keep their religion, sexual orientation, and opinions private so that they don't get in trouble with their government, the people they know, or both.

Many things on the internet are tracked and sometimes sold by different groups of people. 

For example:


The senders of an email can track the time you open an email using pictures that sometimes can't even be seen.

Emmy Noether

Amalie Emmy Noether (23 March 1882 – 14 April 1935) was a mathematician from Germany who studied abstract algebra. She studied mathematics at the University of Erlangen, and then joined the faculty at the University of Göttingen.

Her main area of research changed over time. From 1908 to 1919, she studied algebraic invariants and number fields. Her work on "Noether's theorem" has been called "one of the most important mathematical theorems ever proved in guiding the development of modern physics". From 1920 to 1926, she developed the theory of ideals in commutative rings. From 1927–35, she published works on noncommutative algebras and hypercomplex numbers. In addition to her own publications, Noether was generous with her ideas and is credited with several lines of research published by other mathematicians, even in fields far removed from her main work, such as algebraic topology.



Parenting

Parenting is the process of helping a child develop into an adult. 

When a child is an infant, parenting involves providing food, comfort and cleaning, and allowing the infant to sleep. As infants cannot talk, this requires the parents to watch the child closely and to help the child learn language.

As the infant grows, parenting involves guiding and teaching the child. Parents establish habits such as brushing teeth and teach etiquette to behave in society.


Tritiated water

Tritiated water is a type of water where the hydrogen atoms are replaced with tritium. Tritiated water is radioactive.

Ywain the Bastard

Ywain the Bastard, also called Ywain the Adventurous, is a son of King Urien of Gore. He is a Knight of the Round Table in later Arthurian legend. He is often mistaken for his half-brother also named Sir Ywain.

Roy Williams (coach)

Roy Allen Williams (born August 1, 1950) is an American college basketball coach for the North Carolina Tar Heels.

He started his college coaching career at North Carolina as an assistant coach for Dean Smith in 1978.
In 1988, Williams became the head coach of the men's basketball team at Kansas, taking them to fourteen consecutive NCAA tournaments, collecting a .805 win percentage and winning nine conference titles over his fifteen-year span. In 2003, Williams left Kansas to return to his alma mater North Carolina, replacing Matt Doherty as head coach of the Tar Heels. Since returning to North Carolina, Williams has won three national championships, eight Atlantic Coast Conference conference titles, one AP National Coach of the Year award, and two ACC Coach of the Year awards.

Williams was born in Marion, North Carolina, and spent his early years in the small western North Carolina towns of Marion and Spruce Pine. As a child his family relocated to nearby Asheville, where he grew up. In basketball, playing for Coach Buddy Baldwin, he was named all-county and all-conference for two years (1967 and 1968), all-western North Carolina in 1968 and served as captain in the North Carolina Blue-White All-Star Game. Williams has stated that Coach Baldwin was one of the biggest influences in his life. Williams went on to play on the freshman team at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill and study the game under coach Dean Smith.

Williams' first coaching job was in 1973 as a high school basketball and golf coach at Charles D. Owen High School[8] in Black Mountain, North Carolina. He coached basketball and boys' golf for five years and ninth-grade football for four years, and served as athletic director for two years.
In 1978, Williams came back to the University of North Carolina and served as an assistant to Coach Dean Smith from 1978 to 1988. During his tenure as assistant coach, North Carolina went 275–61 and won the NCAA national championship in 1982, the first for Smith and the second for North Carolina. One of Williams' more notable events came as assistant coach when he became instrumental in recruiting Michael Jordan.

Amalebra

Amalebra (, the name means "from the clay of the river Amal") is a hamlet in Cornwall, England, United Kingdom, 3 miles (5 kilometres) south-west of St Ives at Ordnance Survey . The 2011 census population data was included with the civil parish of Towednack.

Gualtiero Galmanini

Gualtieri Galmanini (1909 – 1978) was an Italian architect, industrial designer and furniture designer. Galmanini is a protagonist of Italian rationalism.
Galmanini is considered one of the most important designers of the twentieth century and a protagonist of rationalism, sophisticated, original and innovative Italian exponent, his works are characterized by geometric rigor and the alternation between solidity and transparency, in structures in which glass, concrete and metal they combine to create spaces, volumes and plays of light and shadow.

Gualtiero Galmanini studied in Milan graduating from Regio Istituto Tecnico Superiore (the future Politecnico), and at the same time starting his professional activity and career academic.
During the Great War Galmanini served as an officer in the Engineers, receiving awards. After the war he resumed his professional activity, continuing to design, documenting the destruction that had struck Italy during the war years, also participating in the "National Congress for Reconstruction". He restarted his career in the studio of Gio Ponti in Milan, then opened his own studio in Corso Matteotti in Milan collaborating and designing with Piero Portaluppi in Milan.

In 1947 Galmanini became a Archistar and was awarded the highest Italian award for design, the Gold Medal for Italian Architecture by the Milan Triennale with the BIE - Bureau international des Expositions.

Galmanini's most important buildings and works were made with innovative mosaic tiles. The Milanese design was created by Luigi Caccia Dominioni, Ignazio Gardella or Gio Ponti, reflecting on the theme of composite leathers in floccato which present various shades Galmanini, from 1953, began a first experiment with external coatings based on "vitreous ceramic" materials, studying the cold chromatic details in day and night reflections with a mixture of mosaic fragments of two by two milliteters .

In the innovative 1958 refueling station in Mantua, Galmanini's conceptual style creates spaces characterized by an alternation of glass pads and transparent bricks, which interact perfectly under the unifying element formed by a thin roof. The building is designed in the name of transparency and lightness, with a flat roof supported by columns in exposed steel profiles. The facade has large slides, the glass in all its forms is enhanced by Galmanini, and the exposed bricks, the structures are brick cut with bricks, reinforced concrete and steel, the ceilings are made with a sloping platform with concrete cladding and metal frames.

The restructuring of Banco Ambrosiano was one of the last works, if not the last, of Piero Portaluppi, following which he will collaborate extensively on the projects of Gualtiero Galmanini, his companion and younger friend.



Antony Passage

Antony Passage is a hamlet in south-east Cornwall, England, UK. It is located by the River Lynher (a tributary of the River Tamar) on the opposite bank to Antony village.

Tekeda Alemu

Tekeda Alemu (born in Addis Ababa, May 5, 1951) is a diplomat to the United Nations. He represents his country, Ethiopia. 

Tekeda Alemu has served as a diplomat for many years, starting in 1983. 

For the month of September 2017, he served as the president of the United Nations Security Council. 

Chusquea albilanata

Chusquea albilanata is a species of "Chusquea" bamboo.

"Bambusa farinaceais" is only found in Colombia and Ecuador in South America.

Dore (river)

The Dore is a river in central France in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region, in the Puy-de-Dôme department. It is a right tributary of the Allier river and it is one of the three more important tributaries of the Allier river (with the Sioule and Alagnon rivers).

The Dore river has a length of , and a drainage basin with an area of .

Its valley is between the "Monts du Forez", to the east, and the "Monts du Livradois", to the west.

The Dore starts in the place known as "Bois de Berny", in the "commune" of Saint-Bonnet-le-Bourg, (Puy-de-Dôme department), at an altitude of about . From here, the Dore flows first to the southeast and then to the northwest.

The Dore river flows within the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region, the Puy-de-Dôme department and 21 "communes". It flows through the following "communes", among others: Dore-l’Église, Marsac-en-Livradois, Ambert, Vertolaye, Olliergues, Sauviat, Courpière, Néronde-sur-Dore, Peschadoires, Dorat, Puy-Guillaume.

Finally, it flows into the Allier river in the "commune" of Ris.

The main tributaries of the Dore river are:
Left tributaries:
Right tributaries:
Its average yearly discharge (volume of water which passes through a section of the river per unit of time) is at Dorat in the Puy-de-Dôme department, for the period 1991 - 2017.


Helen DeVos

Helen June DeVos (née Van Wesep; February 24, 1927 – October 18, 2017) was an American philanthropist and political donor. She was the wife of Richard DeVos, co-founder of Amway beauty and home care products company and owner of the Orlando Magic basketball team. She was the mother-in-law of U.S. Secretary of Education, Betsy DeVos.

DeVos was born in Grand Rapids, Michigan. She studied at Calvin College. In 1953, she married Richard DeVos. They had three sons, Dick, Dan, and Doug, and a daughter, Cheri DeVos-Vander Weide.

DeVos served on the board of directors of the Grand Rapids Symphony and the St. Cecelia Music Center.

DeVos died at her home in Ada Township, Michigan on October 18, 2017 of complications from a stroke after being diagnosed with acute myeloid leukemia, aged 90.


Jack Bannon

John James "Jack" Bannon (June 14, 1940 – October 25, 2017) was an American television actor. He may be best known for his role as Art Donovan on "Lou Grant", a role he played from 1977-82. In 1963, Bannon appeared in the Season 1 episode "Kate's Recipe For Hot Rhubarb" of "Petticoat Junction" as Roger. In 1969, Bannon appeared again on "Petticoat Junction" (after his mother died in 1968) appearing as "Buck". He was born in Los Angeles, California.

Bannon was married to actress Ellen Travolta, a retired actress and elder sister of John Travolta, from 1983 until his death in 2017. 

Bannon died on October 25, 2017 at his home in Coeur d'Alene, Idaho at the age of 77.

Aggron

Aggron is a dinosaur-styled Pokémon introduced in Pokémon Ruby and Sapphire and Pokémon Emerald. It is a Steel/Rock type Pokémon that evolves from Lairon. It is Aron's final evolution form.

Bambusa basihirsutoides

Bambusa basihirsutoides is a species of "Bambusa" bamboo.

"Bambusa baishirsutoides" has 1 synonym.

"Bambusa basihirsutoides" is commonly found in Guangdong province and Zhejiang province of China. 

"Bambusa basihirsutoides" has 6 anthers growing to 7 mm in length and 2 to 3 stigmas. It is perennial and appears tufted with an underground stem. The lowest part of the stem is erect which allows it to grow up to a height of 700–1200 cm long. This is enabled by a woody stem without nodal roots that grow to 60–90 millimeters in diameter. 

Villarrica (volcano)

Villarrica is one of Chile's most active volcanoes. It is near Lake Villarrica and Villarrica, Chile.

Villarrica, Chile

Villarrica is a city and commune in southern Chile in the Province of Cautín, Araucanía Region. It is located on the western shore of Villarrica Lake. It is also close to the Villarrica Volcano ski center. Santiago is to the north.

Pinito del Oro

María Cristina del Pino Segura Gómez, known as Pinito del Oro (6 November 1930 – 25 October 2017), was a Spanish trapeze artist and novelist. She was known for her association with Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus for seven years. She was born in Las Palmas de Gran Canaria, Spain.

Cecil B. DeMille tried to hire Pinito for a movie about the circus, but she rejected it because DeMille did not want her to appear on the credits. 

In addition to the circus performances, Pinito del Oro found time to publish some novels: "Born for the Circus" ("Nacida para el circo") , "The Eve" ("La víspera") and "The Italian" ("El italiano"). With them, she was a finalist in some literary contests such as the "City of Oviedo" and "Blasco Ibañez".

Pinito del Oro died on 25 October 2017 at her home in Las Palmas de Gran Canaria from stroke-related complications at the age of 86.

Ronald Breslow

Ronald Charles Drake Breslow (March 14, 1931 – October 25, 2017) was an American chemist. He was University Professor at Columbia University. He had taught at Columbia since 1956 and was a former chair of the university's chemistry department. He was interested in the design and synthesis of new molecules with interesting properties, and the study of these properties. 

He was a member of the National Academy of Sciences, the American Academy of Arts and Sciences, the European Academy of Sciences, and the American Philosophical Society.

Breslow died of pancreatic cancer in New York City on October 25, 2017 at the age of 86.


Stephen Toulouse

Stephen Toulouse, also known as Stepto, (1972 – October 26, 2017) was the former Director of Xbox LIVE Policy and Enforcement at Microsoft. He represented Microsoft and Xbox Live in many media events, including on Larry Hryb's "Major Nelson Radio" Xbox-related podcast, to discuss security and policy issues.

Before joining the Xbox team at Microsoft, Toulouse was the head of communications for security response with the Microsoft Security Response Center.

Toulouse died on 26 October 2017 at the age of 45.


Punathil Kunjabdulla

Punathil Kunjabdulla (1940 – 27 October 2017) was a well-known Indian Malayalam language novelist and poet from Kerala state, South India. He was a medical doctor by profession. Kunjabdulla was a modernist in Malayalam literature. His novel "Smarakasilakal" ("Memorial Stones") won the Kendra Sahithya Academy Award (Malayalam) in 1980.

Kunjabdulla died at the age of 75 on 27 October 2017 of bladder cancer.

Gordon Moore

Gordon Earle Moore (; January 3, 1929 – March 24, 2023) was an American businessman, co-founder and chairman emeritus of Intel Corporation, and the author of Moore's law. As of January 2016, his net worth is $7.3 billion.

In July 1968, Robert Noyce and Moore founded NM Electronics which later became Intel Corporation. Moore served as executive vice president until 1975 when he became president. In April 1979, Moore became chairman and chief executive officer, holding that position until April 1987, when he became chairman. He was named chairman emeritus in 1997.

In 1990, Moore was presented with the National Medal of Technology and Innovation by President George H. W. Bush. Moore was awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom in 2002, the United States' highest civilian honor, by President George W. Bush.

Moore died on March 24, 2023, at the age of 94.

Din Tai Fung

Din Tai Fung is a chain restaurant founded in Taiwan, best-known for its xiaolongbao, a type of steamed dumpling. In 1972, Din Tai Fung started selling xiaolongbao and soon began to expand. The restaurant is recommended by the New York Times and the Michelin Guide. Din Tai Fung’s branches have spread around the world along with its business philosophy.

Din Tai Fung was originally a retail cooking oil business founded by Yang Bing-yi in 1958. Din Tai Fun got its name from Heng Tai Fung, the cooking oil company where founder Yang previously worked, and Din Mei oil, the oil supplier of Yang’s business. In 1972, as a result of the unsuccessful cooking oil business, half of the Din Tai Fung oil shop was turned into a restaurant where Yang and his wife started selling steamed dumplings, xiaolongbao. Gradually, Din Tai Fung’s xiaolongbao business made a bigger profit than its cooking oil business, so the founders decided to close the oil business and focus on the restaurant business. Din Tai Fung was then enlarged to a 300-seat restaurant. The restaurant is originally located on Xinyi Road in Taipei City and could sell 4,000 pieces of xiaolongbao a day.

In 2000 Din Tai Fung was turned into an incorporated company by its CEO, Yang Ji-hua, son of Yang Bing-yi. Din Tai Fung’s management team was formed and a central kitchen was established. Later, Din Tai Fung’s franchise rights were offered to some overseas companies such as The Breadtalk Group and The Moment Group. Now Din Tai Fung is a chain restaurant company that operates branches around the world.

Since the opening of its first restaurant in Taiwan, Din Tai Fung’s aim has been to keep control of its food and service quality and make sure customers around the world have the same food experience every time they visit. Din Tai Fung requires all of its franchises to follow its business model. The company rejected several franchising requests because of concerns about not meeting its standards in its branches. The restaurant not only standardizes its recipes, but also focuses on training its staff in order to offer the same service in every branch. Customers are able to watch the chefs make xiaolongbao in the kitchen through a glass window, and Din Tai Fung does not advertise.

Din Tai Fung serves cuisine that originated in the region of Shanghai, and its most famous dish is a type of steamed dumpling called xiaolongbao. Din Tai Fung has very precise standards for making xiaolongbao. The dough and fillings of the xiaolongbao have to be weighed carefully. They must weigh exactly 21g, with 5g of dough and 16g of filling. Din Tai Fung’s xiaolongbao must have eighteen folds. After doing a lot of testing, the chefs found that the eighteen folds give xiaolongbao the best texture and also the best appearance.

Din Tai Fung also serves other Shanghai cuisine such as dumplings, buns, fried rice, wontons and noodles.

Din Tai Fung’s original restaurant in Taiwan was founded in 1972. Since then, Din Tai Fung has established 119 branches in 15 countries. These countries include Taiwan, Japan, the United States, mainland China, Singapore, South Korea, Indonesia, Hong Kong, Australia, Malaysia, Thailand, Macau, UAE, United Kingdom and the Philippines.

In 1993, Din Tai Fung was listed as one of the top ten restaurants in the world by the New York Times, which made it well-known on the international stage. After opening its first branch in Japan in 1996, Din Tai Fung gained more international recognition. In 2010, Din Taig Fung’s Silvercord branch in Hong Kong received the restaurant’s first Michelin Star, and it was awarded a Michelin Star for the next three years. In 2013, CNN rated Din Tai Fung as the second best franchise in the world for travelers because of its xiaolongbao.

Central Cornwall

Central Cornwall is the middle area of Cornwall. It used to be two districts, Carrick and Restormel. It is used by Cornwall Council to define the area served by Public Services.

Carrick

Carrick was a district in Cornwall. It was replaced in 2009. It was a local government district run by Carrick District Council. 

Carrick District Council

Carrick District Council was a local council in Cornwall. It was closed in 2009. The jobs done by this council are now done by Cornwall Council. The council ran public services and town planning.

Cornwall Council

Cornwall Council is the local government for Cornwall. It was started in 2009. Previously Cornwall had six district councils.


District council

District councils are a type of local government in England.

Ouch, Lower Dir

Ouch is a town in Lower Dir District, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, Pakistan.

Timergara

Timergara is a city in Lower Dir District, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa. It is the headquarters of Lower Dir District in Pakistan. Timergara City is located on the east bank of the Panjkora River. The people of Timergara are mainly Pashtun. The people generally wear typical pashtoon dress. Timergara connects Bajawar, Upper Dir and Chitral to the rest of Khyber Pukhtunkhwa.

Muttahida Majlis-e-Amal

Muttahida Majlis-e-Amal was a political alliance of several parties of Pakistan that opposed President Pervez Musharraf and Prime Minister Shaukat Aziz.

Qazi Hussain Ahmad

Qazi Hussain Ahmad was an Islamic scholar, democracy activist, and former leader of a Jamaat-e-Islami, an Islamist political party in Pakistan.

Qazi was born in 1938 in Nowshera District, Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa, Pakistan. Qazi Hussain Ahmad went to Islamia College, Peshawar and got his Master of Science (MSc) degree in Geography from Peshawar University. He was a lecturer at Jehanzeb College Swat for three years.

Qazi Hussain Ahmad was first elected as a senator for six years in 1986 and in 1992. He resigned in 1996 to protest corrupt political system. He was elected into the National Assembly in general election 2002 from his native town, Nowshera.

Qazi Hussain resigned from the senate on 27 September and started a long march against the Benazir government. On 4 November 1996, Benazir Bhutto's government was dismissed by President Farooq Leghari primarily because of corruption.

Qazi Hussain Ahmad died on 6 January 2013 due to heart attack.

NA-6 (Lower Dir-I)

NA-6 (Lower Dir-I) is a constituency for the National Assembly of Pakistan.

Constituency PK-97 (Lower Dir-IV)

Constituency PK-97 (Lower Dir-IV) is a Parliamentary seat for the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa Assembly.

Constituency PK-96 (Lower Dir-III)

Constituency PK-96 (Dir lower-III) is a constituency for the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa Assembly of the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan.

Constituency PK-95 (Lower Dir-II)

Constituency PK-95 (Lower Dir-II) is a constituency for the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa Assembly of the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan.

Constituency PK-94 (Lower Dir-I)

Constituency PK-94 (Lower Dir-I) is a constituency for the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa Assembly in Pakistan.

Sivaji Ganesan filmography

The filmography of Sivaji Ganesan comprises 277 Tamil movies, six Telugu and eight guest roles.



Vadivelu filmography

Vadivelu is an Indian film actor, comedian and playback singer. Since the 1990s, he has acted mainly as a comedian in Tamil films and is renowned for his slapstick comedies. Vadivelu has won the Tamil Nadu State Film Award for Best Comedian five times for his works in "Kaalam Maari Pochu" (1996), "Vetri Kodi Kattu" (2000), "Thavasi" (2001), "Imsai Arasan 23m Pulikesi" (2006) and "Kathavarayan" (2008). He has also won the Filmfare Award for Best Comedian – Tamil two times for his work in "Chandramukhi" (2005) and "Imsai Arasan 23rd Pulikecei" (2006) and was nominated once in the Best Supporting Actor – Tamil category for "Aadhavan" (2009). He also won the Vijay Award for Best Comedian for his work in "Marudhamalai" (2007) and was nominated three times in the Best Comedian category for his work in "Aadhavan" (2009), "Nagaram" (2010) and "Kaavalan" (2011). He has acted as a hero in four films to-date: "Imsai Arasan 23rd Pulikecei" (2006), "Indiralohathil Na Azhagappan" (2008), "Tenaliraman" (2014) and "Eli" (2015).(2023)(film)[maamannan]

Rajinikanth filmography

Rajinikanth is an Indian actor who has appeared in over 150 films, predominantly in Tamil cinema. He began his film career by playing antagonistic and supporting roles before graduating to a lead actor. After starring in numerous commercially successful films throughout the 1980s and 1990s, he has continued to hold a matinée idol status in the popular culture of Tamil Nadu. Writing for "Slate", Grady Hendrix called him the "biggest movie star you've probably never heard of." Rajinikanth has also worked in other Indian film industries such as Bollywood, Telugu, Kannada, Malayalam and Bengali.

He made his cinematic debut with K. Balachander's 1975 Tamil drama "Apoorva Raagangal", in which he played a minor role of an abusive husband. He had his first major role in Balachander's Telugu drama film "Anthuleni Katha" (1976), and got his breakthrough in Tamil with "Moondru Mudichu" (1976)—also directed by Balachander. His style and mannerisms in the latter earned recognition from the audience. In 1977, he acted in 15 films, playing negative characters in most of them, including "Avargal", "16 Vayathinile", "Aadu Puli Attam" and "Gaayathri". He had positive roles in "Kavikkuyil", the Kannada film "Sahodarara Savaal", and the Telugu film "Chilakamma Cheppindi", in which he played the protagonist for the first time in his career. His role as a failed lover in S. P. Muthuraman's "Bhuvana Oru Kelvikkuri" (1977) won him critical acclaim. In 1978, he was cast as the main lead in the Tamil film "Bairavi". The same year, he received critical acclaim for his roles in "Mullum Malarum" and "Aval Appadithan"; the former earned him a Tamil Nadu State Film Award Special Prize for Best Actor. He made his Malayalam cinema debut with I. V. Sasi's fantasy drama "Allauddinum Albhutha Vilakkum" (1979), an adaptation of a story from "One Thousand and One Nights". By the end of the decade, he had worked in all South Indian languages and established a career in Tamil cinema.

He played dual roles in the action thriller "Billa" (1980), which was a remake of the Bollywood film "Don" (1978). It was his biggest commercial success to that point and gave him the "action-hero" image. Balachander's "Thillu Mullu" (1981), the Tamil remake of the Bollywood film "Gol Maal" (1979), was Rajinikanth's first full-length comedy film. He played triple roles in the 1982 Tamil film "Moondru Mugam", which earned him a special prize at the Tamil Nadu State Film Awards ceremony. The following year, he made his Bollywood debut with Rama Rao Tatineni's "Andha Kanoon"; it was among the top-grossing Bollywood films in 1983. Muthuraman's "Nallavanuku Nallavan" (1984) won him that year's Filmfare Award for Best Tamil Actor. In 1985, he portrayed the Hindu saint Raghavendra Swami in his 100th film "Sri Raghavendrar", a box-office failure. In the latter half of the 1980s, he starred in several films in Tamil and Hindi, including "Padikkadavan" (1985), "Mr. Bharath" (1986), "Bhagwaan Dada" (1986), "Velaikaran" (1987), "Guru Sishyan" (1988) and "Dharmathin Thalaivan" (1988). During this time, he made his debut in American cinema with a supporting role in the mystery adventure film "Bloodstone" (1988), a box-office failure.

Rajinikanth continued to act in Bollywood, often playing supporting roles in films such as "Hum", "Khoon Ka Karz", and "Phool Bane Angaray" (all in 1991). Mani Ratnam's Tamil film "Thalapathi" (1991), based on the Indian epic "Mahabharata", earned him critical acclaim. Suresh Krissna's "Annamalai" (1992), P. Vasu's "Mannan" (1992) and "Uzhaippali" (1993) are among his box-office successes in Tamil. He made his debut as a screenwriter with "Valli" (1993), a commercial failure. The Suresh Krissna-directed "Baashha", in which he played a crime boss, was a major commercial success in his career and earned him a "demigod" status in Tamil Nadu. Later that year he acted in K. S. Ravikumar's "Muthu", which was dubbed into Japanese. In Japan, the film grossed a record US$1.6 million in 1998 and was largely instrumental in creating a fan-base for Rajinikanth in the country. "Padayappa" (1999), his second collaboration with Ravikumar, went on to become the highest-grossing Tamil film to that point. In 2002 Rajinikanth produced, wrote and starred in the fantasy thriller "Baba", which fell short of market expectations and incurred heavy losses for its distributors. After a three-year sabbatical, he returned to acting with the comedy horror film "Chandramukhi" (2005); it went on to become the highest-grossing Tamil film to that point, and its theatrical run lasted 126 weeks at a theatre in Chennai. Rajinikanth was paid 260 million for his role in S. Shankar's "Sivaji" (2007), which made him the second-highest paid actor in Asia after Jackie Chan. He played dual roles, as a scientist and an andro-humanoid robot, in the science fiction film "Enthiran" (2010). It was India's most expensive production at the time of its release, and is among the highest-grossing Indian films of all time. He played triple roles in the 2014 animated film "Kochadaiiyaan", the first in India to be shot with motion capture technology; it was a commercial failure. Two years later, Rajinikanth played a Malaysian Tamil crime boss in Pa. Ranjith's "Kabali", which had the biggest weekend opening for an Indian film.

Vijay filmography

Vijay is an Indian actor who works in Tamil language films. He made his cinematic debut in the 1984 drama "Vetri", directed by his father, S. A. Chandrasekhar. After appearing in Chandrasekhar's films as an child artist in nearly 9 films, Vijay made his debut as a lead actor with "Naalaiya Theerpu" (1992). He followed it with a supporting role opposite Vijayakanth in "Sendhoorapandi" (1993). Vijay went on to play lead roles in his father's directorial ventures such as "Rasigan" (1994) and "Deva" (1995). Some which were successful at the box office but unsuccessful critically.

Vijay's first breakthrough was in 1996 with Vikraman's romance film, "Poove Unakkaga". His subsequent films, Vasanth's "Nerrukku Ner" (1997) and Fazil's "Kadhalukku Mariyadhai" (1997), were critically and commercially successful. His performance in the latter won him the Tamil Nadu State Film Award for Best Actor. "Thulladha Manamum Thullum" (1999) earned him a Tamil Nadu state Award.

Vijay began the new millennium with critically and commercially successful films such as "Kushi" and "Priyamanavale". The following year, he performed in three films: "Friends", "Badri" and "Shahjahan". All of which had a 100-day theatrical run. His subsequent films "Vaseegara" and "Pudhiya Geethai" did not do well at the box office. The success of his masala film "Thirumalai" (2003), where he was paired opposite Jyothika, changed his on-screen persona to that of an action hero. He appeared next as a kabaddi player opposite Trisha in Dharani's "Ghilli" (2004), which went on to become the most commercially successful Tamil film of the year. It was also the first Tamil film to earn 500 million (Indian rupees). His performance as a caring brother in the masala film "Thirupachi" (2005) earned him a second Tamil Nadu State Award. He continued to achieve commercial success with "Sivakasi" (2005) and "Pokkiri" (2007). Barring "Vettaikaaran" (2009), all of his subsequent releases from "Azhagiya Thamizh Magan" (2007), where he played dual roles for the first time in his career, to "Villu (2009") were average successes; and his 50th film, "Sura" (2010), was a commercial failure.

In 2011 Vijay's career prospects improved after he was praised for his role as a bodyguard in "Kaavalan". The following year he appeared in two films: as a college student in "Nanban" and an army officer in "Thuppakki". His performances in both films received positive critical feedback, He followed that with A. L. Vijay's "Thalaivaa" (2013) and the multi-starrer "Jilla" (2014). The latter featured him along with Mohanlal. Both films were successful. He teamed up with Murugadoss again for the action film "Kaththi" (2014). The film, which had Vijay playing dual roles as a thief and an idealist, became one of the highest-grossing Tamil films of that year. He featured as a tribal warrior in his next film, "Puli" (2015); it was a commercial failure. The following year, he played a police officer in "Theri" (2016). The film had one of the biggest openings in Tamil cinema, grossing 1.51.56 billion worldwide, and is among the highest-grossing Tamil films of all time.


Vivek filmography

Vivek (born 19 November 1961) is an Indian film actor and comedian. He has won three Filmfare Best Comedian Awards for his performances in "Run", "Saamy" and "Perazhagan". In April 2009, Vivek received the Padma Shri award by the Government of India for his contribution to the arts. He was introduced to filmdom by renowned director K. Balachander.

This is a complete list of films acted by comedian Vivek. His debut as a hero, Solli Adippen, however, remains unreleased.

Vijayakanth filmography

This following is a complete list of all the films Vijayakanth has acted in:

Vijayakanth with his brother-in-law L. K. Sudheesh has produced films under the company Captain Cine Creations.

Kamal Haasan filmography

Kamal Haasan is a screenwriter, director, producer, playback singer and choreographer. He works primarily in the Tamil film industry. He debuted as a child actor in the 1960 Tamil movie "Kalathur Kannamma", which won him the President's Gold Medal. Since then he has acted in over 200 movies in several languages including: Malayalam, Hindi, Telugu, Kannada and Bengali. After a few projects as a child artist he took a break to continue his education. He later concentrated on dance choreography and worked as an assistant choreographer. During this time, he made uncredited appearances in a few films which he worked on.

In 1973, Kamal landed his first adult role as Thiagu in the movie by K. Balachander, whom the actor considers his mentor. He continued to act in minor roles in several movies such as "Sollathaan Ninaikkiren" (1973) and "Naan Avanillai" (1974), most of which were directed by Balachander. His breakthrough as an independent lead actor came with the 1974 Malayalam movie "Kanyakumari". His work in it won him the Filmfare Award for Best Actor (Malayalam). Following that, he starred in a series of movies in both languagesTamil and Malayalam. His breakthrough in Tamil cinema came with Balachander's "Apoorva Raagangal" (1975); the movie earned him a second Filmfare Award, his first in Tamil. Between 1974 and 1978, he won six Filmfare Awards including four consecutive wins for the Best Tamil Actor. Kamal turned producer for "Raja Paarvai" (1981), in which he played the lead role of a blind musician. The movie was produced under the "Hasan Brothers" banner which was later renamed Raaj Kamal Films International.

Kamal debuted in Bollywood with Balachander's "Ek Duuje Ke Liye" (1981), which was a remake of his 1978 Telugu movie "Maro Charitra". His role as a school teacher who looks after an amnesic girl in "Moondram Pirai" (1982) won him several accolades, including the Best Actor honours at the National Film Awards and Tamil Nadu State Film Awards. His work in Ramesh Sippy's Hindi movie "Saagar" (1985), a triangular love story, was nominated in both Best Actor and Best Supporting Actor categories at the 33rd Filmfare Awards. Under Raaj Kamal Films International, he produced movies such as: "Vikram" (1986), "Apoorva Sagodharargal" (1989), "Thevar Magan" (1992) and "Hey Ram" (2000). As a producer he won a Filmfare Award and National Film Award for "Apoorva Sagodharargal" and "Thevar Magan". Seven movies featuring Kamal have been submitted by India to the Academy Awards for Best Foreign Language Film, the most for any actor in India. In 2009, he became one of the few actors in India to have completed 50 years working in cinema. His work "Vishwaroopam" (2013), which he also produced and directed, won two awards at the 60th National Film Awards.

! scope="col" |Movie
! scope="col"|Year
! scope="col"|Role
! scope="col"|Language
! scope="col"|Director
! scope="col" class="unsortable" | Notes
! scope="col" class="unsortable" | 
!scope="row" | "Kalathur Kannamma"
!scope="row" | "Paarthal Pasi Theerum"
!scope="row" | "Paadha Kaanikkai"
!scope="row" | "Kannum Karalum"
!scope="row" | "Vanambadi"
!scope="row" | "Anandha Jodhi"
!scope="row" | "Maanavan"
!scope="row" | "Annai Velankanni"
!scope="row" | "Kurathi Magan"
!scope="row" | "Arangetram"
!scope="row" | "Sollathaan Ninaikkiren"
!scope="row" | "Paruva Kaalam"
!scope="row" | "Gumasthavin Magal"
!scope="row" | "Naan Avanillai"
!scope="row" | "Kanyakumari"
!scope="row" | "Anbu Thangai"
!scope="row" | "Vishnu Vijayam"
!scope="row" | "Aval Oru Thodar Kathai"
!scope="row" | "Panathukkaga"
!scope="row" | "Cinema Paithiyam"
!scope="row" | "Pattampoochi"
!scope="row" | "Aayirathil Oruthi"
!scope="row" | "Then Sindhudhe Vaanam"
!scope="row" | "Melnaattu Marumagal"
!scope="row" | "Thangathile Vairam"
!scope="row" | "Pattikkaattu Raja"
!scope="row" | "Njan Ninne Premikkunnu"
!scope="row" | "Maalai Sooda Vaa"
!scope="row" | "Apoorva Raagangal"
!scope="row" | "Thiruvonam"
!scope="row" | "Mattoru Seetha"
!scope="row" | "Raasaleela"
!scope="row" | "Andharangam"
!scope="row" | "Appooppan"
!scope="row" | "Agni Pushpam"
!scope="row" | "Manmadha Leelai"
!scope="row" | "Anthuleni Katha"
!scope="row" | "Samassiya"
!scope="row" | "Swimming Pool"
!scope="row" | "Aruthu"
!scope="row" | "Satyam"
!scope="row" | "Oru Oodhappu Kan Simittugiradhu"
!scope="row" | "Unarchigal"
!scope="row" | "Kuttavum Sikshayum"
!scope="row" | "Kumaara Vijayam"
!scope="row" | "Idhaya Malar"
!scope="row" | "Ponni"
!scope="row" | "Nee Ente Lahari"
!scope="row" | "Moondru Mudichu"
!scope="row" | "Mogam Muppadhu Varusham"
!scope="row" | "Lalitha"
!scope="row" | "Aaina"
!scope="row" | "Uyarndhavargal"
!scope="row" | "Siva Thandavum"
!scope="row" | "Aasheervaadam"
!scope="row" | "Avargal"
!scope="row" | "Madhuraswapnam"
!scope="row" | "Sreedevi"
!scope="row" | "Unnai Suttrum Ulagam"
!scope="row" | "Kabita"
!scope="row" | "Ashtamangalyam"
!scope="row" | "Nirakudum"
!scope="row" | "Ormakal Marikkumo"
!scope="row" | "16 Vayathinile"
!scope="row" | "Aadu Puli Attam"
!scope="row" | "Aanandham Paramaanandham"
!scope="row" | "Naam Pirandha Mann"
!scope="row" | "Kokila"
!scope="row" | "Satyavan Savithri"
!scope="row" | "Aadhya Paadam"
!scope="row" | "Avalude Ravukal"
!scope="row" | "Nizhal Nijamagiradhu"
!scope="row" | "Sakka Podu Podu Raja"
!scope="row" | "Madanolsavam"
!scope="row" | "Kaathirunna Nimisham"
!scope="row" | "Aval Viswasthayayirunnu"
!scope="row" | "Anumodhanam"
!scope="row" | "Maro Charitra"
!scope="row" | "Ilamai Oonjaladukirathu"
!scope="row" | "Sattam En Kaiyil"
!scope="row" | "Vayasu Pilichindi"
!scope="row" | "Thappida Thala"
!scope="row" | "Padakuthira"
!scope="row" | "Vayanadan Thamban"
!scope="row" | "Aval Appadithan"
!scope="row" | "Sigappu Rojakal"
!scope="row" | "Manidharil Ithanai Nirangala"
!scope="row" | "Thappu Thalangal"
!scope="row" | "Yaetta"
!scope="row" | "Sommokadidhi Sokkadidhi"
!scope="row" | "Sigappukkal Mookkuthi"
!scope="row" | "Neeya"
!scope="row" | "Allauddinum Albhutha Vilakkum"
!scope="row" | "Thaayillamal Naan Illai"
!scope="row" | "Ninaithale Inikkum"
!scope="row" | "Andhamaina Anubhavam"
!scope="row" | "Allaudinaum Arputha Vilakkum"
!scope="row" | "Idi Katha Kaadu"
!scope="row" | "Nool Veli"
!scope="row" | "Kalyanaraman"
!scope="row" | "Pasi"
!scope="row" | "Guppedu Manasu"
!scope="row" | "Mangala Vaathiyam"
!scope="row" | "Neela Malargal"
!scope="row" | "Azhiyadha Kolangal"
!scope="row" | "Ullasa Paravaigal"
!scope="row" | "Guru"
!scope="row" | "Varumayin Niram Sivappu"
!scope="row" | "Maria, My Darling"
!scope="row" | "Maria, My Darling"
!scope="row" | "Saranam Ayyappa"
!scope="row" | "Natchathiram"
!scope="row" | "Thillu Mullu"
!scope="row" | "Aakali Rajyam"
!scope="row" | "Meendum Kokila"
!scope="row" | "Ram Lakshman"
!scope="row" | "Raja Paarvai"
!scope="row" | "Ek Duuje Ke Liye"
!scope="row" | "Kadal Meengal"
!scope="row" | "Savaal"
!scope="row" | "Sankarlal"
!scope="row" | "Tik Tik Tik"
!scope="row" | "Ellam Inbamayyam"
!scope="row" | "Vazhvey Maayam"
!scope="row" | "Anthiveyilile Ponnu"
!scope="row" | "Moondram Pirai"
!scope="row" | "Neethi Devan Mayakkam"
!scope="row" | "Maattuvin Chattangale"
!scope="row" | "Simla Special"
!scope="row" | "Sanam Teri Kasam"
!scope="row" | "Sakalakala Vallavan"
!scope="row" | "Ezham Rathiri"
!scope="row" | "Rani Theni"
!scope="row" | "Yeh To Kamaal Ho Gaya"
!scope="row" | "Pagadai Panirendu"
!scope="row" | "Agni Sakshi"
!scope="row" | "Zara Si Zindagi"
!scope="row" | "Uruvangal Maralam"
!scope="row" | "Sattam"
!scope="row" | "Sagara Sangamam"
!scope="row" | "Sadma"
!scope="row" | "Poikkal Kudhirai"
!scope="row" | "Benkiyalli Aralida Hoovu"
!scope="row" | "Thoongadhey Thambi Thoongadhey"
!scope="row" | "Yeh Desh"
!scope="row" | "Ek Nai Paheli"
!scope="row" | "Yaadgar"
!scope="row" | "Raaj Tilak"
!scope="row" | "Enakkul Oruvan"
!scope="row" | "Karishma"
!scope="row" | "Oru Kaidhiyin Diary"
!scope="row" | "Kaakki Sattai"
!scope="row" | "Andha Oru Nimidam"
!scope="row" | "Uyarndha Ullam"
!scope="row" | "Saagar"
!scope="row" | "Geraftaar"
!scope="row" | "Mangamma Sabadham"
!scope="row" | "Japanil Kalyanaraman"
!scope="row" | "Dekha Pyar Tumhara"
!scope="row" | "Vikram"
!scope="row" | "Swathi Muthyam"
!scope="row" | "Naanum Oru Thozhilali"
!scope="row" | "Manakanakku"
!scope="row" | "Oka Radha Iddaru Krishnulu"
!scope="row" | "Punnagai Mannan"
!scope="row" | "Kadhal Parisu"
!scope="row" | "Vrutham"
!scope="row" | "Kadamai Kanniyam Kattupaadu"
!scope="row" | "Per Sollum Pillai"
!scope="row" | "Pushpaka Vimana"
!scope="row" | "Nayakan"
!scope="row" | "Daisy"
!scope="row" | "Soora Samhaaram"
!scope="row" | "Unnal Mudiyum Thambi"
!scope="row" | "Sathya"
!scope="row" | "Apoorva Sagodharargal"
!scope="row" | "Chanakyan"
!scope="row" | "Vetri Vizha"
!scope="row" | "Indrudu Chandrudu"
!scope="row" | "Michael Madana Kama Rajan"
!scope="row" | "Gunaa"
!scope="row" | "Singaravelan"
!scope="row" | "Thevar Magan"
!scope="row" | "Maharasan"
!scope="row" | "Kalaignan"
!scope="row" | "Mahanadi"
!scope="row" | "Magalir Mattum"
!scope="row" | "Nammavar"
!scope="row" | "Sathi Leelavathi"
!scope="row" | "Subha Sankalpam"
!scope="row" | "Kuruthipunal"
!scope="row" | "Drohi"
!scope="row" | "Indian"
!scope="row" | "Hindustani"
!scope="row" | "Avvai Shanmugi"
!scope="row" | "Chachi 420"
!scope="row" | "Kaathala Kaathala"
!scope="row" | "Hey Ram"
!scope="row" | "Hey Ram"
!scope="row" | "Thenali"
!scope="row" | "Aalavandhan"
!scope="row" | "Abhay"
!scope="row" | "Parthale Paravasam"
!scope="row" | "Pammal K. Sambandam"
!scope="row" | "Panchathanthiram"
!scope="row" | "Anbe Sivam"
!scope="row" | "Nala Damayanthi"
!scope="row" | "Virumaandi"
!scope="row" | "Vasool Raja MBBS"
!scope="row" | "Mumbai Express"
!scope="row" | "Mumbai Xpress"
!scope="row" | "Rama Shama Bhama"
!scope="row" | "Vettaiyaadu Vilaiyaadu"
!scope="row" | "Dasavathaaram"
!scope="row" | "Unnaipol Oruvan"
!scope="row" | "Eenadu"
!scope="row" | "Four Friends"
!scope="row" | "Manmadhan Ambu"
!scope="row" | "Vishwaroopam"
!scope="row" | "Vishwaroop"
!scope="row" | "Uttama Villain"
!scope="row" | "Papanasam"
!scope="row" | "Thoongaa Vanam"
!scope="row" | "Cheekati Rajyam"
!scope="row" | "Meen Kuzhambum Mann Paanaiyum"
! scope="row" style="background:#ffc;"| "Vishwaroopam II" 
! scope="row" style="background:#ffc;"| "Vishwaroop II" 

! scope="row" style="background:#ffc;"| "Shabhash Kundu" 

!scope="row" style="background:#ffffcc;"| "Indian 2" 

Manivannan filmography

S.S. Manivannan (31 July 1954 – 15 June 2013), popularly known mononymously as Manivannan, was an Indian film actor and director. In a career spanning three decades, Manivannan went from being a story and dialogue writer for veteran director Bharathiraja from 1980–82 to a successful director who thrived in experimenting with different genres, before becoming an actor. With over 400 films to his name, Manivannan was one of the most experienced actors in the field and has directed exact 50 films. Manivannan was mainly a supporting actor in films and often played the comedian or the villain's role.

The following is Manivannan's filmography. He has worked as a director, script and dialogue writer and as an actor. Manivannan has acted in over 400 films and directed 50 films throughout his career.



Sino-Korean vocabulary

Sino-Korean vocabulary, or hanja-eo (hangul: 한자어, hanja: 漢子語) are Chinese loanwords in the Korean language. Like Japanese, Korean is unrelated to the Chinese language. Chinese is a Sino-Tibetan language while Korean is a language isolate (meaning that no known languages are related to it), but Chinese has influenced Korean so much that it made many changes to the Korean language. Chinese loanwords make up around 60% of the language's vocabulary, even though Koreans tend to use native Korean words a lot more in everyday speech. This is similar to how around 50% of English words come from Latin, French, or Greek, but English speakers tend to use native English words a lot more. Also similar to Japanese, Chinese serves as one the three main sources for Korean words, the other two being native Korean words and words from other foreign languages, especially English. When some Chinese loanwords changed meanings in Japanese, their meanings also changed in Korean because Korea was a Japanese colony at the time these words changed. Since Koreans were forced by law to speak Japanese and forbidden to speak Korean, the Chinese loanwords adopted the new Japanese meanings when Koreans were allowed to freely speak their own language again.

Since the Korean Peninsula split into two different countries, North Korea and South Korea, the different dialects developed very differently from each other.

Today, South Koreans write using a mix of hangul (the native Korean alphabet) and hanja 漢子 (the Korean version of Chinese characters), although they write using the latter far less than Chinese and Japanese do. Since Chinese words often sound similar to each other even in Chinese, they also became homophones when they came into Korean, but since Korean lacks tones, they sound even more alike in Korean. South Koreans usually write only in hangul, but sometimes when a word has many homophones and the meaning of the word is unclear from context, Koreans sometimes write the word in hanja so that there is no confusion between words. For example, since the Korean word "sudo" (hanja: 수도) has many homophones and can have meanings like "spiritual discipline", "prisoner", "city of water, i.e. Venice or Suzhou", "paddy rice", "drain/rivers/path of surface water", "tunnel", or "capital city", so to avoid confusion about what "sudo" means, these words can be written by their hanja, which are 修道, 囚徒, 水都, 水稻, 水道, 隧道, and 首都. However, Koreans almost never write native Korean words in hanja. For example, native Korean words like "Hananim" (hangul: 하나님, hanja: 神, meaning: God), "mul" (hangul: 물, hanja: 水, meaning: water), "mal" (hangul: 말, hanja: 馬, meaning: horse), "nara" (hangul: 나라, hanja: 國, country), and "saram" (hangul: 사람, hanja: 人, meaning: person) will almost always be written in hangul, even though many of them can be written in hanja. This is different from Japanese, which often writes Chinese characters to represent both native Japanese words and Chinese loanwords.

In North Korea, where Korean nationalism became very strong, hanja and many Chinese loanwords were abolished to "purify" the Korean language, or to get rid of words from other languages and use native words instead. Nowadays, when North Koreans write in Korean, they only write in hangul.

Koreans usually have a one-word family name of Chinese origin and a two-word given name also of Chinese origin. Traditionally, one word in the given name would be the same as all the person's siblings, and the other would be unique to themselves. Examples include Park Geun-hye (hangul: 박근혜, hanja: 朴槿惠) and Kim Jong-un (hangul: 김정은, hanja: 金正恩). Some Koreans, however, have a two-word family name of Chinese origin, like Namgung (hangul: 남궁, hanja: 南宮) and a one-word given name of Chinese origin like in Namkung Do (hangul: 남궁도, hanja: 南宮道). In other cases, Koreans may have a one-word given name and a one-word family name. An example of this is Go Soo (hangul: 고수, hanja: 高洙). Nowadays, however, it has become more common for Koreans to have their given name be a native Korean word, like Haneul (hanja:한을, meaning: "Heaven"/"Sky"), Areum (hanja:아름, meaning: "Beauty"), Iseul (hanja:이슬 "Dew"), and Seulgi (hanja:슬기, meaning: "Wisdom"). On official documents, Koreans must write their names in hanja and hangul. For native Korean names, Koreans chose hanja that just have the same pronunciation as the word's syllables rather than hanja that have the same meaning.

Council of the Isles of Scilly

The Council of the Isles of Scilly is the local government for the Isles of Scilly. There are 16 councilors in it, they help run the Isles of Scilly, but don't make any laws. Only the Parliament of the United Kingdom can make laws for the Isles of Scilly.

Henry Jenner

Henry Jenner (8 August 1848 – 8 May 1934) was a scholar and writer from Cornwall who studied Celtic languages. He brought back the dead language of the Cornish people called Cornish (Kernewek).

Callington, Cornwall

Callington is a town and civil parish in Cornwall. It is near the River Tamar, and about seven miles (11 km) north of Saltash and nine miles south of Launceston. 5,876 people live there. Lots of people in Callington work for Ginsters making pasties.

Mebyon Kernow

Mebyon Kernow – The Party for Cornwall (, MK; Cornish for "Sons of Cornwall") is a political party in Cornwall. It campaigns in local and national Elections. It has policies that are about making Cornwall a better place.


Masein

Masein () is a municipality of the district Hinterrhein in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland.

Mountain gorilla

Mountain gorillas are gorillas from Eastern Africa. Some live in the Virunga Mountains of Central Africa, within three national parks. The other lives in the Bwindi Impenetrable National Park of Uganda.

P-value

In statistics, a "p"-value is the probability that the null hypothesis (the idea that a theory being tested is false) gives for a specific experimental result to happen. "p"-value is also called probability value. If the "p"-value is low, the null hypothesis is unlikely, and the experiment has statistical significance as evidence for a different theory.

In many fields, an experiment must have a "p"-value of less than 0.05 for the experiment to be considered evidence of the alternative hypothesis. In short, a low p-value means a higher chance of the null hypothesis being false.

George Kingsley Zipf

George Kingsley Zipf (; January 7, 1902 – September 25, 1950), was an American scientist in the fields of linguistics, philology, mathematics and statistics. He came up with a law of word frequency in languages which bears his name.

Ginsters

Ginsters is a company in Callington, Cornwall that makes pasties. It is owned by another company called Samworth Brothers. It makes "Original Cornish Pasty" food products, as well as pies and pastries.

List of Pixar movies

This is a list of movies that have been released or are soon to be released by Pixar.

Cornish Assembly

A Cornish Assembly is a law making parliament that some Cornish people and politicians argue should exist as part of a devolution agreement with the United Kingdom. So far the Parliament of the United Kingdom has not allowed it to be made.

See Cornish nationalism.

Civil parishes in Cornwall

Frank Darabont

Frank Árpád Darabont (born Darabont Ferenc Árpád; January 28, 1959) is a Hungarian-American film director, screenwriter and producer who has been nominated for three Academy Awards and a Golden Globe Award. He is best known for his film adaptations of Stephen King novels such as "The Shawshank Redemption", "The Green Mile", and "The Mist".

Daylight (Maroon 5 song)

"Daylight" is a song performed by American pop rock band Maroon 5. The song was released as the third single from their fourth studio album, "Overexposed" (2012). Lead singer Adam Levine co-wrote and co-produced it with Max Martin and Mason "MdL" Levy, with additional writing from Sam Martin. The song is a soft rock ballad.

The song received a mixed reception from music critics. Some criticized Levine's vocals and called it a filler among the dance-oriented tracks on the album, while others felt a Coldplay inspiration in the end of the chorus. The song has charted in many countries, reaching the top-twenty in Australia, Canada, New Zealand, South Korea, and the United States.

Teddybears

Teddybears (formerly Teddybears STHLM) are a Swedish band formed in 1991, known for mixing pop, rock, hip-hop, electronica, reggae, punk and multiple other genres.



Wrinkle

A wrinkle is a fold, ridge or crease in the skin, similar to those that can form on the surface of fabric. The medical term is "rhytide." 

Skin wrinkles are common as a result of aging , reoccurring sleeping positions, loss of weight, or as the result of being under water for long periods of time. Age wrinkling in the skin is affected by constant facial expressions, aging, sun damage, smoking, poor hydration, and various other factors.

Sticker

A sticker is a type of label: a piece of printed paper, plastic, vinyl, or other material with adhesive on one side. They can be used for decoration or for functional purposes, depending on the situation. They are also collected and traded among other collectors.

Nuclear weapons states

According to a new report from the Stockholm International Peace Research Institute (SIPRI), nine nations possess nuclear weapons

Here are nine countries with nuclear weapons:


Gemini Ganesan filmography

This article contains the entire filmography of Gemini Ganesan.

Jayalalithaa filmography

This is the filmography of former Indian actress and Politician J. Jayalalithaa who has acted in over 140 films.

Gilbert Stork

Gilbert Stork (December 31, 1921 – October 21, 2017) was an American organic chemist. He was born in Brussels, Belgium. He was the Eugene Higgins Professor of Chemistry Emeritus at Columbia University. The Stork enamine alkylation is named in his honor.

He was responsible for the first planned stereo-controlled synthesis as well as the first natural product to be synthesized with high stereo-selectivity.

Stork was a member of the U.S. National Academy of Sciences, the American Academy of Arts and Sciences, 1962 and Foreign Member of the French Academy of Sciences.

Atle Hammer

Atle Jonas Hammer (11 March 1932 – 22 October 2017) was a Norwegian engineer and jazz musician (trumpet, Flugelhorn), central on the jazz scene in Oslo. He was born in Oslo. He was known from several international cooperation.

From 1980 to 1985, he led his own quintet with among others Terje Venaas (bass), Eivin Sannes (piano) and Tom Olstad (drumes), and this was followed by a quintet with Harald Bergersen (saxophone), Erling Aksdal (piano, 1985–89).

During the 1980s and 1990s he played in bands with Thorgeir Stubø, Per Husby Quintet, Magni Wentzel Quintet, and in Big Bands like the one led by Harald Gundhus/Ole Jacob Hansen and Erling Wicklund's «Storeslem».

Hammer died in Oslo on 22 October 2017 at the age of 85.

Ian Cathie

Ian Robert Cathie (24 October 1932 – 25 October 2017) was an Australian politician. He was born in Melbourne. In 1964 he was elected to the Victorian Legislative Council as a Labor member for South Eastern Province; he was defeated in 1970, but in 1976 was elected to the Legislative Assembly seat of Carrum, which he held until 1988.

From 1994 to 1997, Cathie was a Commissioner of the City of Greater Dandenong. In 2010, he was elected President of Glen Eira University of the Third Age (U3A).

Cathie died on 25 October 2017 in Melbourne at the age of 85.

Ali Ashraf Darvishian

Ali Ashraf Darvishian (‎; 25 August 1941 – 26 October 2017) was an Iranian story writer and scholar. He was born in Kermanshah, Iran. He was often called the "Iranian Charles Dickens". He taught Persian literature in Australian colleges and universities during his career. He was a guest of the Iranian Centre for Democracy and presented a number of lectures on a broad range of social and cultural issues.

Darvishian died on 26 October 2017 in Tehran of respiratory failure at the age of 76.


Arnett E. Girardeau

Arnett Elysus Girardeau Sr. (July 15, 1929 – October 26, 2017) was an American dentist, civil rights activist and former politician in the state of Florida. He was born in Jacksonville, Florida. He was a member of the Democratic Party. He was a member of the Florida House of Representatives from the 16th distrist from 1976 to 1982. He then served in the Florida Senate from 1983 through 1992.

Girardeau died on October 26, 2017 in Jacksonville of a heart attack at the age of 88.

Shea Norman

Minister Alen VonShea Norman (November 2, 1971 – October 26, 2017), who went by the stage name Shea Norman, was an American gospel singer-songwriter. He started his music career, in 2004, with the release of "My Heart Depends on You", by Verity Records. This would be his breakthrough release upon the "Billboard" Gospel Albums chart. The song, "'Tis So Sweet", was placed on the "WOW Gospel 2005".

Norman died of complications from diabetes in Memphis, Tennessee on October 26, 2017 at the age of 45.


Nelly Olin

Nelly Olin (23 March 1941 – 26 October 2017) was a French politician. She was a Minister of Environment in France under Dominique de Villepin's government from 2005 through 2007. From 2004 to 2005, Olin was the Minister-Delegate for Social Security. She was a Senator for the Oise department.

Olin served as Mayor of Garges-lès-Gonesse and Senator, both offices from 1995 to 2004.

Olin died on 26 October 2017 in Paris of complications from breast cancer. She was at age 76.

Zermelo–Fraenkel set theory

Zermelo–Fraenkel set theory (abbreviated ZF) is a system of axioms used to describe set theory. When the axiom of choice is added to ZF, the system is called ZFC. It is the system of axioms used in set theory by most mathematicians today.

After Russell's paradox was found in the 1901, mathematicians wanted to find a way to describe set theory that did not have contradictions. Ernst Zermelo proposed a theory of set theory in 1908. In 1922, Abraham Fraenkel proposed a new version based on Zermelo's work.

An axiom is a statement which is accepted without question, and which has no proof. ZF traditionally contains eight axioms. Two of these axioms (specification and pairing) are redundant, they can be deduced from the axiom schema of replacement. Nevertheless, these extra axioms are useful; replacement is rarely used for proving theorems in common mathematics.


The axiom of choice says that for any set X, if the empty set is not an element of X then there exists a function f whose domain is X, such that for each element e of X, f(e) is an element of e. For example, given the set formula_14(call it A), the axiom of choice asserts the existence of a function that "picks" exactly one element from each of the elements of A (in this case A has two elements), but it doesn't tell us what combination it is. For finite sets, this axiom can be proved from the other axioms, but not for infinite sets.


Disjoint sets

In mathematics, two sets are disjoint when they have no elements in common. For example, the sets formula_1 and formula_2 are disjoint, but the sets formula_1 and formula_4 are not disjoint.

Power set

In mathematics, the power set of a set "S", written as formula_1 or formula_2, is the set of all subsets of S. In terms of cardinality, a power set is larger than the set it originates from. If "S" is a finite set with "n" elements, then formula_1 would have formula_4 elements.



Second Anglo-Mysore War

The Second Anglo-Mysore War was a conflict that took place on the Indian Subcontinent from 1780 to 1784. The war ended without a clear victory on either side. The Treaty of Mangalore restored the situation to the state before the war broke out. The war involved the Kingdom of Mysore and the British East India Company. The Kingdom of Mysore was a large kingdom, in the South of India. It was an ally of the French. The East India Company was on the side of the English.

Hyder Ali, the ruler of Mysore, committed himself to a French alliance to seek revenge against the British. The British had problems with Mysore because it had an alliance with the French. France was already fighting Britain in the American Revolutionary War and helped Mysore to weaken the British.

The army of Hyder was one of the largest armies in India. In 1780, his army swept down the Eastern Ghats (mountains) and burnt the villages. Hyder set about forming a confederacy against the British. This included the French, the Marathas and the Nizam of Hyderabad. Hyder Ali overthrew the government and established his authority over the Mysore state. Hyder Ali tried to made a treaty with the Marathas and the Nizam of Hyderabad, but both of them decided not to take up arms against the British, so Hyder Ali ended up fighting the war on his own. Hyder died in 1782 but Tipu Sultan proved to be a worthy successor, He introduced many reforms to overhaul and reorganize the administrative machinery. He also modernized the army.

The battle remained indecisive and peace was finally concluded with Tipu on 28 June 1784. The war ended by signing the peace treaty in 1784. The treaty was named as the treaty of Mangalore because the treaty was signed in Mangalore. The Treaty of Mangalore was signed between Tipu Sultan and the British East India Company on 11 March 1784. It was signed in Mangalore and brought an end to the Second Anglo-Mysore War.

The British had problems with Mysore because it had an alliance with the French. The Marathas attacked Hyder Ali and the British signed a treaty saying that they would help Hyder, but they never cared to show up. Between 1773 and 1779 Hyder Ali was expanding his kingdom. To counter the British threat, Nana Phadnavis, the Maratha chief minister at Pune formed an alliance with the Marathas, Mysore and the Nizam of Hyderabad.

Olorotitan

Olorotitan was a type of dinosaur. It was a herbivore, which means it ate plants. One of its skeletons was found in Russia.

Abdul Taleb Zaki

Abdul Taleb Zaki () was a Hazara politician and jihadist from Afghanistan.

Abdul Taleb Zaki, son of Abdul Wahid born in 1960 in Bamiyan Province of Afghanistan. He was a commander and a member of Hezbe Wahdat political party in Afghanistan.
He was the governor of Bamyan Province for four years from 1994 to 1998. He died in 1998 in Ghazni Province.

Leimbach, Haut-Rhin

Leimbach is a commune in the Haut-Rhin department of east France.

M. S. Viswanathan

Manayangath Subramanian Viswanathan (24 June 1928 – 14 July 2015), also known as M.S.V., was an Indian music director, composer, and singer. He was popularly known as "Mellisai Mannar" (Tamil for "The King of Light Music"). He composed songs in 1200 movies from Tamil, Malayalam, Telugu, Kannada, and Hindi languages. He worked primarily in Tamil, Malayalam and Telugu movies.

Viswanathan died on 14 July 2015 in Chennai, India of respiratory failure at the age of 87.


Mohamed Abshir Muse

Mohamed Abshir Muse (, ), (1 July 1926 – 25 October 2017) also known as Mahamed Abshir Musa, was a well known Somali military person. He was active from 1940s to 1950s. He served General and the first Commander of the Somali Police Force. He was trained at the Carabinieri, Italy's national military training base.

Muse resigned in 1969 from his job at the police force. He was later jailed by the military dictator Siad Barre for speaking out against the regime.

Muse died on 25 October 2017 in Minneapolis, Minnesota aged 91.

Manfredi Nicoletti

Manfredi Nicoletti (16 June 1930 – 29 October 2017) was an Italian architect. He was born in Rieti, Italy. He was known for his projects Fontvieille, Monaco, the cancelled Helicoidal Skyscraper in New York City, the Catania–Fontanarossa Airport, Millennium Park in Abuja, Courthouse of Arezzo, the Kazakhstan Central Concert Hall and the Millennium Tower.

Nicoletti died on 29 October 2017 at the age of 87.

Manuel Sanchís Martínez

Manuel Sanchís Martínez (26 March 1938 – 28 October 2017) was a Spanish footballer who played as a defender. He was born in Alberique, Spain. His son was Manuel Sanchís Hontiyuelo.

Sanchís represented Real Madrid and Spain. They were one of only three father/son pairs to have won the European Cup/Champions League, and he played in 213 La Liga games over the course of ten seasons.

An international during nearly two years, Sanchís appeared with the national team at the 1966 World Cup.

Sanchís earned 11 caps for Spain, and represented the nation at the 1966 FIFA World Cup. During the group stages, he scored a rare goal in a 2–1 win against Switzerland.

Sanchís died on 28 October 2017 in Madrid, aged 79, from pulmonary embolism.


Pasty

A pasty is a kind of pastry filled with meat or vegetables and baked, a bit like a pie. They are linked with Cornwall where they were first made.

Pastry dough is rolled out and cut in a circle. The raw filling is placed on half the circle, then the pastry is folded in half over the filling to cover it. The edges are then sealed by crimping (firmly pressed together), and baked. The baking time for the filling and the pastry is the same.

The pasty is made as a single-serving portion, for one person's meal. It's made to be held in the hand and does not need any cutlery. It may be eaten hot, warm, or at room temperature. 

A pasty is portable and convenient to eat. It can be easily be taken to the workplace and kept until a mealtime break. No refrigeration is required if eaten the same day. The sealed, baked dough keeps the filling warm for hours after baking. A pasty could also be reheated by placing on or near a heat source - even by holding over a candle where no oven is available.

Fort Provintia

Fort Provintia is a defense base in Tainan, a city in south Taiwan, built by the Dutch in 1653, and now a historic site.

In 1624, the Dutch colonized southern Taiwan in order to trade with mainland China. Before the fort was built, the place was a center of commercial trade. The fort was built by the Dutch to prevent another rebellion after the local people, led by Guo Huai-yi, went against the Dutch in 1652. The fort was still used as a trade center. The Dutch made the fort with red bricks and mortar, which were a mixture of water, sugar, sticky rice and oyster shells.

In 1662, Koxinga, the ruler of Zheng dynasty,expelled the Dutch, and the fort was used as his government with the new name Chen-Tien Fu. In 1664, the fort was abandoned as a place of government and was used as a place to store gunpowder.

In 1683, the ruler of Zheng dynasty surrendered to the Qing. In 1721, the fort was damaged when Zhu Yigui led uprising against the government. Also through the following years, the fort was destroyed by several earthquakes only a few walls remained. The chief administrator, Sheng Shou Qien, built the Penghu Academy in 1886. It is a Qing style building located at the west side of the fort. In 1879, both the Wunchang Pavilion (Temple of Literature God) and the Hai-She Temple（Temple of Sea God）were built by the emperor’s administrator, Shen Baozhen. The Wunchang Pavilion and the Hai-She Temple are located in the central part of the fort. The Wunchang Pavilion was built in honor of Wun- Chang, God of Literature. The Hai-She Temple was built in honor of God of the Sea.

In 1895, the Qing lost the First Sino-Japanese War and gave away the territory of Taiwan to Japan. The Japanese began to use the fort as an army hospital. In 1944, the Japanese began to restore the buildings including the walls that the Dutch had built, the Hai-Shen Temple, the Wunchang Pavilion and the Penghu Academy.

After WWII, Japan retreated from Taiwan. Then the fort was renamed Chihkan Tower and became an exhibition center. In 1960, the imperial tortoise statues and the stone monuments with historical records from the Great South Gate, part of the original 14 gates of the Tainan City Wall, were moved to the south Chihkan Tower.


AFC East

The AFC East is a division in the National Football League. There are four teams in the AFC East: the New England Patriots, Buffalo Bills, New York Jets, and Miami Dolphins.

Stranger Things

Stranger Things is an American science fiction television series created, written, directed and co-executive produced by the Duffer Brothers, as well as co-executive produced by Shawn Levy and Dan Cohen. The first season, released in July 2016, stars Winona Ryder, David Harbour, Finn Wolfhard, Millie Bobby Brown, Gaten Matarazzo, Caleb McLaughlin, Natalia Dyer, Charlie Heaton, Cara Buono and Matthew Modine, with Noah Schnapp and Joe Keery in recurring roles. For the second season, Schnapp and Keery were made series regulars, with actors Sadie Sink, Dacre Montgomery, Sean Astin and Paul Reiser also appearing. The series is allegedly based on a 1992 book "" which tells stories about the Montauk Project, an alleged series of secret U.S. government projects in Long Island. .Season 4 is set to be released in two volumes, the first being released on May 27,2022 while the second on July 1,2022.

Set in the fictional town of Hawkins, Indiana in the 1980s, the first season focuses on the investigation into the disappearance of a young boy amid supernatural events occurring around the town including the appearance of a psychokinetic girl who helps the missing boy's friends in their own search. The second season is set a year after the first, and deals with attempts of the characters to return to normal and consequences from that season. The third season is set in the summer of 1985.

"Stranger Things" was met with a very positive response by fans and critics. Viewer numbers for the series quickly climbed to around 14.7 million within the first 35 days after release. Popular review site Rotten Tomatoes gave the first season an approval rating of 96% based on 68 reviews, and a weighted average rating of 8.04/10.

Mark of Cornwall

Mark of Cornwall was a king of Cornwall and a character in the Arthurian Cycle of medieval literature. Specifically, Mark is the husband of Isolde, who upon falling in love with Tristan a tragic story that has been the subject of numerous literary versions from the Middle Ages to the present day.

National Congress of Brazil

The National Congress of Brazil is the national parliament of Brazil. It is bicameral. 
The two chambers are the Chamber of the deputies ("Câmaras dos deputados") and the Senate ("Senado").
The president of the senate is also the president of the National Congress.
The National Congress was created in 1825.

The chamber of the deputies has 344 deputies elected for a 4-years term and is ruled by a president ("presidente").
The senate has 81 senators (3 by state) elected for a 8-years term and is ruled by a president ("presidente").

The headquarters of the National Congress are in the plaza of the three powers ("praça dos três poderes").

On 8 January 2023, supporters of former President Jair Bolsonaro stormed and invaded the Praça dos Três Poderes in Brasília, taking over the offices of the Supreme Federal Court, National Congress of Brazil and the Palácio do Planalto. The event was seen as an attempted coup d'état to overturn the election results of the 2022 general election.

Subrahmanyan Chandrasekhar

Subrahmanyan Chandrasekhar (19 October 1910 – 21 August 1995) was an South Asian Physicist. He received the 1983 Nobel Prize in Physics alongside William Alfred Fowler "for his theoretical studies of the physical processes of importance to the structure and evolution of the stars".

He was born in Lahore now Pakistan until 1916, his family came and settled in Allahabad then in 1918, moved to Madras. He died in Chicago.


Trippie Redd

Michael Lamar White II (born June 18, 1999), known by his professional name Trippie Redd, is an American rapper and singer-songwriter.

Following his high school graduation, Trippie Redd moved to Atlanta, where he met rapper Lil Wop. He was eventually offered a record deal with a professional recording studio. 

Trippie Redd is best known for his songs "Love Scars", "Poles1469" (featuring 6ix9ine) and "Dark Knight Dummo" (featuring Travis Scott). The first two songs were both certified gold by the RIAA, and the latter went to number 72 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 as well as receiving platinum certification by the RIAA. 

In July 2018, Trippie Redd announced his first album would be called "Life's a Trip". The album was released on August 10, 2018. It entered at number four on the"Billboard" 200 chart, selling 72,000 album-equivalent units. 

Trippie Redd earned his highest project on the "Billboard 200" chart in November 2018 with the mixtape "A Love Letter to You 3" which entered at number three.

Rapper Lil Wop helped White get started with a professional recording studio. They began working with Kodie Shane. They recorded three projects, "Awakening My Inner Beast", "Beast Mode" and "Rock the World Trippie". White eventually signed to the label Strainge Entertainment (now known as Elliot Grainge Entertainment) and relocated to Los Angeles.

In May 2017, White released his first mixtape, "A Love Letter to You". The lead single "Love Scars" received more than 8 million views on YouTube within several months. It also received more than 13 million on SoundCloud. White was included on XXXTentacion's album "17" on the song "Fuck Love". went to number 28 on the Billboard Hot 100.

In October 2017, White released his second mixtape, "A Love Letter to You 2". The album entered at number 34 on the "Billboard" 200. Later that month, White released a collaboration EP with Lil Wop, titled "Angels & Demons".

On December 5, 2017, White released the song "Dark Knight Dummo" featuring Travis Scott. The song went to number 72 on the "Billboard" Hot 100, making it White's first entry on the chart as a lead artist. 

On December 25, 2017, White released the song "TR666" on his SoundCloud account, featuring Swae Lee. The song was produced by Scott Storch. The song was previewed on November 30. 

In January 2018, White released "18" with Baauer, Kris Wu, Joji and Rich Brian.

In July 2018, White announced his first album would be titled "Life's a Trip" with 26 songs. He later trimmed it to 16. White released the singles "Me Likey" and "How You Feel" on June 22, 2018 and "Taking a Walk" on August 7, 2018. "Life's a Trip" was released August 10, 2018. It entered at number four on the "Billboard" 200, with its single "Taking a Walk" entering at number 49 on the "Billboard" Hot 100.

White was briefly in a relationship with rapper Coi Leray.

White bought a house worth $300,000 for his mother out of his net worth. Worth around $7 million in March 2017.

White was arrested in May 2018 as a result of a physical attack on rapper FDM Grady in Atlanta.


Ming Chang

Ming Erh Chang (; April 20, 1932 – October 3, 2017) was a Chinese-born American military naval officer. He was born in Shanghai, China. He served in the U.S. Navy for 34 years. He became the Department of the Navy Inspector General in 1987. When Chang left the navy, he became vice president and corporate director for the Pacific region at Raytheon International and then president of MEC International, LLC.

Chang died on October 3, 2017 from complications of Parkinson's disease in McLean, Virginia at the age of 85.

Władysław Kowalski

Władysław Kowalski (24 February 1936 – 29 October 2017) was a Polish actor. He has appeared in nearly 100 movies and television shows from 1957 until his death in 2017. He was born in Żurawce, Poland. Kowalski was known for his roles in "Samson" (1961), "Dreszcze" (1981), "Escape from the 'Liberty' Cinema" (1990), "The Boy on the Galloping Horse" (2006), "Katyń" (2007), "Louise's Garden" (2008) and in "Body" (2015).

Kowalski died of a heart attack in Warsaw on 29 October 2017 at the age of 81.

Gert Timmerman

Gerrit "Gert" Timmerman (8 June 1935 in Oldenzaal – 28 October 2017 in Overdinkel) was a Dutch singer and musician from the Province of Overijssel. He was a baritone, and played the saxophone, the clarinet, the keyboard and the double bass.

His best known hits were "Nimm deine weiße Gitarre" (1963), "Ik heb eerbied voor jouw grijze haren" (1963), "Een moederhart, een gouden hart" (1964), "De schommelstoel" (1965), and "Brandend zand" (1970).

He married Hermien van der Weide (also from the Province of Overijssel) in 1963. As ""Gert and Hermien"" they were a very popular musical duo for many years.

Timmerman and his wife became Christians in 1974. After their conversion they started a Christian musical career but later on they returned to their previous career.

They divorced in 1999. He remarried another woman in 2002. Hermien died in 2003.

Gert died of pancreatic cancer in 2017, at the age of 82.

List of comuni of the Province of Chieti

The following is a list of the 104 "comuni" of the Province of Chieti, Abruzzo, in Italy.

Queue (unit)

The Queue was a unit of measurement, used for wines and spirits. It was equal to 3 feuilettes, or about 402 litres. Depending on the region, the definition varied a little, one queue was between 360 and 411 litres. 

John Saxon

John Saxon (born Carmine Orrico; August 5, 1936 – July 25, 2020) was an American actor and martial artist. He has worked on more than 200 movies in his 60 year long career starting in 1954. He was born in New York City to an Italian-American family.

Saxon was known for his work in westerns and horror movies as well as for his role as Roper in the 1973 movie "Enter the Dragon". He was well known for playing Lt. Donald Thompson in the 1984 slasher horror movie "A Nightmare on Elm Street".

Saxon died on July 25, 2020 in Murfreesboro, Tennessee from pneumonia-related problems, aged 83.


Lil Uzi Vert

Symere Bysil Woods (born July 31, 1995), known professionally as Lil Uzi Vert is an American rapper and singer. They are characterized by their facial tattoos, facial piercings, eccentric hairstyles and androgynous fashion, imagery built on a melodic emo approach to trap.

Woods first received attention after releasing the single, "Money Longer". It peaked at number 92 on "Billboard" Hot 100. Since then, they have continued to release projects such as "Luv Is Rage", "Lil Uzi Vert vs. the World", "The Perfect Luv Tape", and "Luv Is Rage 2". Four of their songs from these projects have reached the Billboard Hot 100. Their album "Luv is Rage 2" debuted at number one on the Billboard 200. They were featured on the number one charting single "Bad and Boujee" by rap trio Migos.

Woods was in a relationship with fashion designer Brittany Byrd from 2014 to 2017. Byrd moved from California to attend the Parsons School of Design, where she was studying when she met Woods. On June 26, 2017, Woods and Byrd broke up. Woods introduced it with a song titled "Stole Your Luv".

Woods has been in a relationship with JT of the hip hop duo City Girls since 2019.

In July 2022, Woods changed their pronouns from "he/him" to "they/them" on Instagram. It was later confirmed by their spokesperson in a statement to "Pitchfork".


Philippe, Chevalier de Lorraine

Philippe of Lorraine (1643 – 8 December 1702), known as the Chevalier de Lorraine, was a French nobleman and member of the House of Guise, cadet of the Ducal House of Lorraine. He was the renowned lover of Philippe of France, Duke of Orléans, Monsieur, only brother of Louis XIV. Even though he never married, he is said to have had illegitimate children. 

TD Ameritrade

TD Ameritrade is a company that lets customers buy and sell stocks and other financial securities. It has headquarters in Omaha, Nebraska.

The company received its current name in January 2006, when Ameritrade Holding Corporation acquired TD Waterhouse from Toronto-Dominion Bank and was renamed TD Ameritrade.

Mutual of Omaha

Mutual of Omaha is a mutual insurance company with headquarters in Omaha, Nebraska. The company is on the Fortune 500.

Mutual insurance

A mutual insurance company is an insurance company that is owned by its customers. If the company is profitable, the profits are returned to the customers. This is different from other insurance companies, which are public companies.

Lil Yachty

Miles Parks McCollum (born August 23, 1997), known professionally as Lil Yachty, is an American rapper and singer from Atlanta.

McCollum first received attention in August 2015 for his single "One Night". It peaked at number 49 on the Billboard Hot 100. Since then he has released four projects, "Lil Boat", "Summer Songs", "Summer Songs 2", and "Teenage Emotions". "Teenage Emotions" peaked at number 5 on the US Billboard 200. He has also appeared on "KYLE's" "iSpy" and DRAM's "Broccoli". "iSpy" reached number 1 on the Billboard Hot 100 and "Broccoli" reached number 5.

Fortune 500

The Fortune 500 is a list of the companies in the United States with the most revenue. It is created by "Fortune" magazine. The first list was published in 1955.

Fortune (magazine)

Fortune is a magazine that talks about business topics. It publishes the Fortune 500 list of the companies in the United States with the most revenue.

Seismic wave

Seismic waves are vibrating movement of the ground. Seismic waves can be caused by underground explosions, volcanic eruptions and man-made explosions that can vibrate the ground. Seismic waves go through the Earth’s layers. The speed of seismic waves depends on the type of materials they meet. When they meet different kind of material, they bounce or go in different directions. Seismic waves can be detected by seismographs.

Seismic waves are caused by earthquakes, underground explosions, volcanic eruptions and man-made explosions that can vibrate the ground. When earthquakes occur, they release energy in a form of seismic waves. Seismic waves make the ground vibrating to all directions from the starting point of the earthquake.

Seismic waves are divided into two main types of waves, body waves and surface waves. Body waves go through the Earth, and surface waves go along the Earth’s surface.

Body waves travel through the Earth’s interior. Body waves are divided into two types, primary waves and secondary waves.

Primary waves travel faster than any other waves, so when earthquakes occur primary waves arrive first at the surface. That’s why we call them ‘primary’.
Primary waves can go through solids, liquids and gases. Primary waves go 7~8 kilometers per second in solids, but primary waves have different speeds in liquids and gases.
The ground moves back and forth in the same direction as the primary waves move. Primary waves repeat squeezing and stretching the ground when they move.

Secondary waves arrive after primary waves. That’s why we call them ‘secondary’. Secondary waves can go 3~4 kilometers per second. Secondary waves can’t go through air and liquids. They can only go through solids. The ground moves up and down in the right angle to the direction of the secondary waves. Secondary waves temporary change the shape of materials.

Surface waves travel along the Earth’s surface. They come after the body waves. Surface waves are caused by primary waves and secondary waves when they arrive at the surface. There are two types of surface waves.

Rayleigh waves were named after John William Strutt Rayleigh. When Raleigh waves travel, the particles move in an oval shape, similar to water waves. The speed of Rayleigh waves depends on the types of solids. Information about Rayleigh waves give us the reason why the ground vibrates. Rayleigh waves are slower than Love waves.

Love waves were named after A.E.H. Love. Particles move back and forth at a 90 degree angle to the wave direction. The speed of Love waves depends on the types of solids. We can know the thickness of the Earth’s crust with Love waves. Love waves usually travel faster than the Rayleigh waves.

Seismic waves can be detected and recorded by seismographs. Primary waves are recorded faster than secondary waves. The period between the arrival time of primary waves and secondary waves is used to find the starting point of the wave. We can know about the Earth’s layer through seismic waves.

Tony Madigan

Antony Morgan "Tony" Madigan (4 February 1930 – 29 October 2017) was an Australian boxer and rugby player. He competed in boxing at the 1952, 1956 and 1960 Olympics and finished in fifth, fifth and third place. 

In 1960 Madigan lost his semifinal to Muhammad Ali. He also won medals at three Commonwealth Games in the light-heavyweight division – a silver in 1954 and gold in 1958 and 1962.

Madigan was the 2010 addition for the Australian National Boxing Hall of Fame Veterans category.

Madigan died in France on 29 October 2017 of complications from pneumonia at the age of 87.


Denise P. Barlow

Denise P. Barlow (31 January 1950 – 21 October 2017) was a British geneticist. She was born in Yorkshire. She worked in the field of epigenomics. 

Barlow was an elected member of European Molecular Biology Organization (EMBO), an honorary professor of genetics at the University of Vienna and received the Erwin Schrödinger Prize of the Austrian Academy of Sciences in 2014. Her discovery of the first mammalian imprinted gene, IGF2R, which codes for the insulin-like growth factor was her best known work.

Barlow died of pancreatic cancer in Vienna, Austria on 21 October 2017 at the age of 67.

Anarcho-primitivism

Anarcho-primitivism is a form of anarchism that is critical of the progress of human civilization. It is considered a form of post-left anarchism.

Henry David Thoreau's work was very influential to early green anarchists. He supported simple living and self-sufficiency among natural surroundings as a way to fight the growth of industrial civilization.

In the late 1800s, anarchist naturism appeared as the union of anarchist and naturist ideas. The movement was influenced by Thoreau, Leo Tolstoy and Elisée Reclus. The movement supported vegetarianism, free love, nudism and an ecological view of the world. Followers viewed nudism as a way of avoiding the artificiality of the industrial modern society. Most of the followers were in Spain, France and Portugal.

Anarcho-primitivists believe that before the widespread use of agriculture, humans lived in egalitarian hunter-gatherer tribes. They believe that after the introduction of agriculture, humans slowly began to become 
obsessed with technology, and divisions of labour began to cause inequality. Primitivists disagree about whether we should return to hunter-gatherer tribes, use permaculture, or both.

Primitivists believe, based on anthropological studies, that hunter-gatherer societies are less likely to have war, violence, and disease. Not all anthropologists believe this, however. A notable example would be Jared Diamond, who believes that tribe-based people are more prone to violence than developed states.

Anarchists are against strong government control, and strive for egalitarian relationships with others. However, Anarcho-primitivists go beyond and apply this to all life, not just human life. Anarcho-primitivists look at the history of human civilization in order to decide how to achieve their goals. They are influenced by the Luddites, and are generally against technology. Anarcho-primitivists appreciate the diversity of life, and believe that humans are damaging it.

Primitivists do not believe that a mass society can be free. They believe that the divisions of labour that these industrial societies produce lead to people relying on factories and other people to make their food, clothing, shelter, etc.; thus, forcing them to be a member of the society.

A common criticism of the anarcho-primitivist movement is hypocrisy. Critics say that while primitivists reject civilization, they usually live civilized lives and use technology to spread their message. Primitivists like John Zerzan say that using technology is a necessary evil for continuing to promote and discuss important conversations.

A notable primitivist, Derrick Jensen, rejects the term "primitivism," believing that it is racist way to describe Indigenous Peoples. He now prefers to be called a "indigenist" or an "ally to the indigenous."

Anarchists Wolfi Landstreicher and Jason McQuinn both criticize the movement as romanticizing exaggerations of Indigenous societies. They also claim that primitivists use the appeal to nature fallacy often. In response, primitivist John Zerzan says that the movement is not romanticizing Indigenous Peoples. It is instead promoting the "mainstream view presented in anthropology and archeology textbooks for the past few decades. It sounds utopian, but it's now the generally accepted paradigm."


United States presidential elections in Hawaii

Below is a table of all United States presidential elections in Hawaii since it became a state in 1959.

Hawaii has historically been a strong "blue" state, voting Democrat in 14 out of 16 of their presidential elections.



La zona

La zona is a Spanish TV-series produced by Movistar+ for #0. It first episode was aired on 27th October 2017.

After a nuclear accident in Asturias, a vast exclusion zone was set up to contain the risk of radioactive propagation. A series of murders leads Héctor Uría ("Eduard Fernández"), the police chief who survived the catastrophe, to embark on an investigation to find the culprit.


Vadivelu

Kumaravadivel Natarajan (born 12 January 1960), known professionally as Vadivelu, is an Indian actor, comedian and playback singer, having acted in supporting and lead roles in Tamil cinema. He became known for his slapstick comedies and has acted in over 200 movies.

Vadivelu received awards in the Best Comedian category for his performances in Kaalam Maari Pochu (1996), Vetri Kodi Kattu (2000), Thavasi (2001), Chandramukhi (2005), Imsai Arasan 23m Pulikesi (2006), Marudhamalai (2007) and Kathavarayan (2008) Velayudham (2011) . His popularity led to his media-coined nickname, Vaigai Puyal, meaning "the storm from the Vaigai River", which flows through his hometown of Madurai.

He started his career in Tamil cinema as a side-comedian along with the Tamil cinema's most famous duo of Goundamani and Senthil. Vadivelu rose as a renowned actor from the movie Kadhalan (1998), although his debut is in En Thangai Kalyani of T.Rajendar.

Some of his most famous movies are Friends, Bharathi Kannamma, Vetri Kodi Kattu, Winner, Giri, Thalainagaram, Marudhamalai and Chandramukhi. The actor played the lead in the blockbuster Imsai Arasan 23am Pulikesi (2006) where he played a dual role of twin brothers. His next movie in a lead role was Indiralogathil Na Azhagappan (2008), which was however a big failure.

After the 2011 Legislative Assembly election fight between Vijayakanth, leader of DMDK and Vadivelu in which he was severely criticized for his public speeches that heavily alledged Vijayakanth, he took rest for two years from media appearance since his rival and his alliance won the election. He signed up to play a double role in the movie Tenaliraman, his third movie as hero. The movie did decent business at the box office.

Ilaiyaraaja

Ilayaraaja is a famous film composer and singer in South Indian cinema especially in Tamil cinema. Ilaiyaraaja is also an instrumentalist, conductor, singer, and songwriter. He has composed more than 6000 songs and provided film music or movie soundtrack for more than 1000 films, particularly being famous for his background music.

Ilayaraaja introduced Western type of music into the Tamil cinema.He is also known for creating music by fusing symphonic orchestration with traditional Indian instrumentation.In 1993 he organised a full symphony performed by the Royal Philharmonic Orchestra in London and thus became the First Indian to compose a full symphony, with Ravi Shankar being the only other Indian to do so. He is also the first Asian to compose a full symphony performed by the Royal Philharmonic Orchestra. He has won five Indian National Film Awards (the highest film honor in India); three for Best Music Direction and two for Best Background Score. In 2010 he has received Padma Bhushan, awarded by the Government of India.
He is usually referred to by the title Isaignani (), or as "The Maestro". Ilaiyaraja is a gold medalist in classical guitar from Trinity College of Music, London. In 2003, according to an international poll conducted by BBC, more than half-a million people from 165 countries voted his composition "Rakkamma Kaiya Thattu" from the 1991 film "Thalapathi" as fourth in the world's top 10 most popular songs of all time.

In 2015, he was also honoured with the Centenary Award for lifetime achievement at the 46th International Film Festival of India (IFFI) at Panaji, Goa. On December 31, 2015, he was nominated by the Kerala Government for Nishagandi Puraskaram, the top award conferred by the Kerala Government's Tourism Ministry, for his artistic excellence and contributions to the Indian film industry.

In a poll conducted by CNN-IBN celebrating 100 years of Indian cinema in 2013, Ilaiyaraaja was voted as the greatest music composer of India with a maximum of 49%.

Ilaiyaraaja was born as Gnanathesikan in 1943 in a normal middle-class family in Pannaipuram, Theni district, Tamil Nadu, India. When he joined the school his father changed his name as "Rajaiya" but his village people used to call him as "Raasayya". Ilaiyaraaja joined Dhanraj Master as a student to learn musical instruments and the master renamed and called him as just "Raaja". In his first movie "Annakili", Tamil film producer Panchu Arunachalam added "Ilaiya" (Ilaiya means younger in Tamil language) as prefix in his name Raaja and he named as "Ilaiyaraaja" because in the 1970s there was one more music director A. M. Rajah who was a popular one.

Ilaiyaraaja was married to Jeeva and the couple have three children—Karthik Raja, Yuvan Shankar Raja and Bhavatharini—all film composers and singers. His wife Jeeva died on 31 October 2011. Ilaiyaraaja has a brother Gangai Amaran, who is also a music director and lyricist in Tamil film industry.

Yuvan Shankar Raja

Yuvan Shankar Raja (born 31 August 1979) is an Indian singer-songwriter, film score and soundtrack composer, and occasional lyricist from Chennai, Tamil Nadu. He composed music for Tamil films like his father Ilaiyaraaja. He began his career at the age of 16, when he composed the film music for "Aravindhan". Then after a long break he composed for "Thulluvatho Ilamai" in the year 2001. In 15 years, Yuvan Shankar Raja has worked on over 100 films. He is particularly known for his use of western music elements and often credited with having introduced Hip hop to the Tamil film and music industry and having started the "era of remixes" in Tamil Nadu.

He is the third and youngest child of musician and film composer Ilaiyaraaja and his late wife Jeeva. He is the younger brother of music director Karthik Raja and playback singer & music director Bhavatharini. His father as well as his siblings have sung many songs under his direction. Yuvan Shankar did his schooling at St. Bede's Anglo Indian Higher Secondary School in Chennai, and stopped his education after his tenth class. He started learning music from Jacob Master, attending piano classes at "Musee Musical" in Chennai, which is affiliated to Trinity College in London, UK.










National Deep Fried Clams Day

National Deep Fried Clams Day is a national holiday celebrating the process of deep frying and consuming clams.
The holiday is observed on November 1st every year. It is common for people to cook and serve clams on this day.

The first deep fried clams were made in Essex, Massachusetts, on July 3rd, 1916. The creator, Lawrence Henry Woodman, owned a small restaurant, where he sold the fried clams to passersby. The food quickly spread around the country and gained attention. Today, National Deep Fried Clams Day is celebrated on November 1st. It is unknown why it is this day rather than July 3rd.

It is customary to deep fry and serve clams on this day, battering and breading them to form a dish of "clam strips." As well as this, a more modern method of celebrating is to post #DeepFriedClamsDay on social media.



Arthrostylidium schomburgkii

Arthrostylidium schomburgkii is a species of "Arthrostylidium" bamboo in the grass family. The species are native to Central America, the West Indies, northern South America, and southern Mexico.

Arthrostylidium judziewiczii

Arthrostylidium judziewiczii is a species of "Arthrostylidium" bamboo in the grass family. The species is native to Central America, the West Indies, northern South America, and southern Mexico.

Pontresina

Pontresina () is a municipality of the district Maloja in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland.


+ (album)

+ (pronounced "plus") is the first studio album by English artist Ed Sheeran. The album was released on September 9, 2011 and is considered to be Sheeran's breakthrough into the music industry.

"+" was met with mostly positive reviews from critics on release. The album was on the UK Album Charts at no. 1. It became Triple Platinum certified, with over 1,958,000 copies being sold. This makes it the sixth best-selling album of the 2010s and the 44h best-selling album of the 21st century. The albums two preceding singles—"The A Team" and "You Need Me, I Don't Need You"— peaked at No. 3 and No. 4 on the UK Singles Chart.

Erie County, New York

Erie County is a county in the state of New York in the United States. As of the 2020 census, 954,236 people lived there. The county seat is Buffalo.

The cities of Lackawanna and Tonawanda are in Erie County.

Erie County is home to the Buffalo Bills football team, the Buffalo Sabres hockey team, and the Buffalo Bandits lacrosse team.

Chusquea

Chusquea is a genus of evergreen bamboos in the grass family. Most of them are native to mountain habitats in Latin America, from Mexico to southern Chile and Argentina.

They are sometimes referred to as South American mountain bamboos. Unlike most other grasses, the stems of these species are solid, not hollow. Some animals are associated with stands of "Chusquea", for example the Inca wren and the plushcap.

"Chusquea culeou", the colihue cane, from southern Chile and western Argentina, is notable as the most frost-tolerant South American bamboo and the only one that has been grown successfully to any extent in the temperate Northern Hemisphere, with successful growth as an ornamental plant north to Scotland. The colihue cane was used by the Mapuches Indians to make instruments and as lances during the War of Arauco.

"Chusquea quila" (in Spanish "quila"), in contrast to Colihue, has a spreading or vining growth. It prefers wet places and does not grow above , where "C. coleou" becomes more dominant. "Chusquea quila" can form pure stands called "quilantales". Very few plants can grow under this species.
The genus "Chusquea" now includes species formerly classified in "Dendragrostis", "Rettbergia," "Swallenochloa", and "Neurolepis." The genus has been organized into three subgenera, subg. "Rettbergia", subg. "Swallenochloa" and subg. "Chusquea", although molecular evidence only supports a monophyletic subg. "Rettbergia".

Shimmer and Shine

Shimmer and Shine is an animated television series created by Farnaz Esnaashari-Charmatz. It airs on Nickelodeon in the United States and on Treehouse in Canada. The series premiered on August 24, 2015. The show was based on an unreleased pilot from September 2013.

On February 11, 2016, it was announced that "Shimmer and Shine" was renewed for a second season that uses CGI animation. On June 21, 2016, "Shimmer and Shine" was renewed for a third season. Shimmer and Shine are 2 genies who grant wishes and try to solve problems and the evil Zeta with the help of their human friends Leah and Zac.

Katalin Szőke

Katalin Szőke (17 August 1935 – 27 October 2017) was a Hungarian swimmer. She competed at the 1952 Olympics and won two gold medals, in the 100 m and 4 × 100 m freestyle events. She was born in Budapest. During her career Szőke set four world records. In 1985 she was inducted into the International Swimming Hall of Fame.

Szőke died on 27 October 2017 in Los Angeles, California at the age of 82.

Josaphat-Robert Large

Josaphat-Robert Large (November 15, 1942 – October 28, 2017) was a Haitian-American poet, novelist and art critic. His novel, "Les terres entourées de larmes" ("Shore surrounded with tears") won the Prix littéraire des Caraïbes (Caribbean literary Prize) in 2003. He was born in Jérémie, Haiti. Large was a member of La Société des Gens de Lettres de France (Society of French intellectuals) and of the PEN Club America.

Large died of cancer in New York City on October 28, 2017 at the age of 74.


Dennis Banks

Dennis Banks (April 12, 1937 – October 29, 2017) was a Native American leader, teacher, lecturer, activist, actor and author. He was an Anishinaabe born on Leech Lake Indian Reservation in northern Minnesota. Banks was also known as Nowa Cumig. His name in the Ojibwe language means "In the Center of the Universe". He was a longtime leader of the American Indian Movement, which he co-founded in 1968 with Native Americans in Minneapolis.

Banks had roles in the movies "War Party" (1988), "The Last of the Mohicans" (1992), "Thunderheart" (1992), and "Older Than America" (2008).

In August 2016, Banks received the vice presidential 2016 election nomination of the Peace and Freedom Party, a socialist political party with ballot access in California. He appeared on the California ballot with presidential nominee Gloria La Riva.

Banks died of complications from pneumonia on October 29, 2017 in Rochester, Minnesota at the age of 80.


Linda Nochlin

Linda Nochlin ("née" Weinberg; January 30, 1931 – October 29, 2017) was an American art historian and feminist. She was a Professor Emerita of Modern Art at New York University Institute of Fine Arts. She was also a essayist. A well known feminist art historian, she became well known for her pioneering 1971 article "Why Have There Been No Great Women Artists?". She was born in New York City.

Nochlin studied at Vassar College, Columbia University and at New York University.

Nochlin was the co-curator of a number of landmark exhibitions exploring the history and achievements of female artists. Her works include "Global Feminisms" at the Brooklyn Museum and "Women Artists: 1550-1950" (with Ann Sutherland Harris) at the Los Angeles County Museum of Art.

Nochlin died at age 86 on October 29, 2017.

Kim Joo-hyuk

Kim Joo-hyuk (; 3 October 1972 – 30 October 2017) was a South Korean actor. He was born in Seoul, South Korea.

Kim was known for his leading roles in the movies "My Wife Got Married" (2008), "The Servant" (2010) and "Yourself and Yours" (2016). He was known for his roles on the television series "Lovers in Prague" (2005), "God of War" (2012), "Hur Jun, The Original Story" (2013) and "Argon" (2017). Also, he was a regular member of the TV show 2 Days and 1 Night, which gave him the his best-known nickname “Brother Gutaeng”(구탱이형).

Kim was killed in a car crash near Seoul after suffering a heart attack behind the wheel on 30 October 2017 at the age of 45.


James D. Martin

James Douglas Martin (September 1, 1918 – October 30, 2017) was an American businessman and Republican politician. He was born in Tarrant, Alabama. He served a single term in the United States House of Representatives from 1965 to 1967.

His 1962 campaign for the United States Senate against the Democrat J. Lister Hill was the first serious showing by a member of his party in Alabama since Reconstruction.

The James D. Martin Wildlife Park at U.S. Highway 411 in Gadsden is named in his honor.

Martin died in Gadsden, Alabama of congestive heart failure on October 30, 2017 at the age of 99.


Melanmai Ponnusamy

Melanmai Ponnusamy (, 1951 – 30 October 2017) was a Tamil writer and journalist. He was born in Melanmarainadu, Tamil Nadu, India. He was a Marxist by political orientation and a member of Communist Party of India (Marxist) (CPI-M). His first short story was published in 1972 in the literary journal "Semmalar". He wrote columns for "Ananda Vikatan" and "Kalki".

Ponnusamy died of a heart attack in Tamil Nadu on 30 October 2017 at the age of 66.

Daniel Te'o-Nesheim

Daniel Te'o-Nesheim (; born Daniel Nesheim, June 12, 1987 – October 29, 2017) was a Samoan American football defensive end. He was drafted by the Philadelphia Eagles in the third round of the 2010 NFL Draft. He played college football at Washington. He was born in Pago Pago, American Samoa.

On October 30, 2017, Te'o-Nesheim was reported to have died at the age of 30.

Aterno-Pescara

The Aterno-Pescara () is the longest river in the Abruzzo region and the one with the largest watershed, of the rivers that flow into the Adriatic Sea south of the Reno river.

The river starts as Aterno on the "Monti della Laga" (a mountain range in the central Apennines) flowing mainly through the provinces of L'Aquila and Pescara; it also flows through the Chieti but only for a short distance. In the "comune" of Popoli, the river is joined by the "Pescara" river and then flows into the Adriatic Sea in the city of Pescara.

The Aterno-Pescara river has a length of , and a drainage basin with an area of approximately .

The Aterno-Pescara river could be divided in three parts: the "Aterno" from its start till its confluence with the Saggitario river, "Aterno-Saggitario" till its confluence with the Pescara, and "Aterno-Pescara" till its mouth in the Adriatic Sea.

The Aterno starts in the "Monti della Laga" mountain range at an altitude of , just to the northeast of "Aringo", a hamlet in the Montereale "comune". It runs through the Montereale canyon and flows, in general, to the southeast and flows to the south of the city of L'Aquila.

After the "San Venanzio" canyon and of the Raiano comune, the Aterno turns to the northeast.

In Popoli, the Aterno joins its main tributary, il "Sagittario". For several kilometers, the river is called Aterno-Sagittario.

Later, the Aterno is joined by the "Pescara" river, a very short river; from this point, the river is called Aterno-Pescara or, simply, Pescara, and keeps flowing to the northeast.

The river flows through the valley of Pescara, touching the low part of the city of Chieti and gets in to the city of Pescara where it ends in the Adriatic Sea.

The Aterno-Pescara flows through many municipalities; some of them are:


The main tributaries of the Aterno-Pescara river are:
Left tributaries:
Right tributaries:


Delphine Gibson

Delphine Gibson (August 17, 1903 – May 9, 2018) was an American Supercentenarian. She was born in Fairfield County, South Carolina. At the age of was the oldest person in the United States. She became the oldest living American upon the death of Adele Dunlap on February 5, 2017.

She married Tyler Gibson in 1928. They had three children. Gibson lives in Huntingdon, Pennsylvania.

She became the oldest living American citizen following the death of American emigrant Marie-Josephine Gaudette on 13 July 2017.

Gibson died on May 9, 2018 at the age of 114. She was succeeded as the oldest living person in the USA by Ophelia Burks (25 October 1903 – 27 September 2018).


Jean Daniel

Jean Daniel Bensaid (21 July 1920 – 19 February 2020) was an Algerian-born French Jewish journalist and author. He is the founder and executive editor of "Le Nouvel Observateur" weekly. He was born in Blida, Algeria. He is a member of the Saint-Simon Foundation think-tank. 

In "La prison juive: Humeurs et méditations d'un témoin" ("The Jewish Prison"), Daniel argues that prosperous Jews in the west live in a self-imposed prison made of up of three invisible walls: the idea of the Chosen People, Holocaust remembrance, and support for Israel.


Parasakthi (movie)

Parasakthi is an 1952 Indian film in the language of Tamil directed by R. Krishnan - S. Panju. This film is the debut for the famous actor of Tamil cinema known for his excellent acting, Sivaji Ganesan. This film was jointly produced by National Pictures and AVM Productions. This film is based on the stage play written by Pavalar Balasundaram in the same title.

The film narrates the misfortunes of a Tamil family during the World War II and how the individuals of the family face their fate and how they reunite at the climax of the film.

The screenplay and dialogues for Parasakthi were written by M. Karunanidhi, who would later become the Chief Minister of Tamil Nadu. The music of Parasakthi was composed by R. Sudarsanam. The lyrics were written by Bharathidasan, Subramania Bharati, M. Karunanidhi, Annal Thango, Udumalai Narayana Kavi and K. P. Kamatchisundaram. Parasakthi was released on 17 October 1952, during the festive occasion of Diwali, and faced controversies because of its portrayal of Brahmins and Hindu customs and practices in poor light.The society with powerful peoples (elites) including the then ruling State government even demanded the film to be banned.

Despite these protests, the film was critically celebrated, with praise directed towards its dialogues and the actors performances in particular. The film also become a commercial success, and had a theatrical run of over 175 days. Parasakthi in Tamil cinema became a trendsetter for dialogues and acting for later Tamil films.

Goliath frog

The goliath frog or giant slippery frog ("Conraua goliath") is the biggest type of frog on Earth. It can grow to 32 centimetres (12.6 inches) long and weigh up to 3.25 kilograms (7.17 pounds). Its natural habitat is western Africa.

In 2019, scientists learned that the frog does something unusual: It digs pools to lay eggs in. The scientists think it is the male frog who digs the pool. Because not all the tadpoles in each pool were the same size, the scientists came to think that frogs lay eggs in the same pool more than once. The frogs move sand, pieces of plants, and stones almost as big as they are. They use the stones and plants to build higher walls for the pool. Scientists saw adult frogs staying near the pools at night to scare away bigger animals that wanted to eat the tadpoles. Scientists think this might be why the goliath frog is so big: Bigger frogs can move bigger rocks, build bigger pools and scare away bigger predators.

Boomerang (Central and Eastern Europe)

Boomerang was a television channel, which broadcasts cartoons, from the Hanna-Barbera and Warner Bros. Animation library. This is the variant of the channel that is being broadcast in countries part of Central and Eastern Europe, such as Romania, Poland, Hungary, Czech Republic, Slovakia, Bulgaria, Ukraine, the Adria nations, Russia and CIS countries. Since November 2014, it has been broadcasting on all providers in the Netherlands and the Flanders region of Belgium. In the Netherlands and Flanders, it is offered with a Dutch soundtrack as well.

The two feeds was launched in December 2005.

On 12 October 2011, the Boomerang (Central and Eastern Europe) was launched and is available in 4 audio versions: Romanian, English, Polish and Hungarian. 
On 12 June 2012, it was launched in Russia.
On 30 January 2015, it is available in Bulgaria and in Baltic countries and in Balkans.
On 30 September 2015, Boomerang was launched on Freesat in Czech Republic.
On 18 March 2023, Boomerang (Central and Eastern Europe) was launched as Cartoonito (Central and Eastern Europe). 



Cartoonito was a programming block targeting preschoolers. It aired weekday from 5:30 AM to 12:30 PM and early afternoons before the Cartoonito branding was phased out entirely in 2014, when Cartoonito merged with Boomerang's schedule. But in September 2022, Cartoonito has returned as channel slot. Shows that aired on the block were:



Artturi Ilmari Virtanen

Artturi Ilmari Virtanen (January 15, 1895 – November 11, 1973) was a Finnish biochemist. He received the 1945 Nobel Prize in Chemistry "for his research and inventions in agricultural and nutrition chemistry, especially for his fodder preservation method".

He was born in Helsinki, Russian Empire (now Finland) and died in Helsinki.

Spider-tailed horned viper

A spider-tailed horned viper ("Pseudocerastes urarachnoides") is a species of viper. It is found in western Iran. It was discovered in 2006. Its head is like other species of "Pseudocerastes," but its tail is not. The spider-tailed horned viper has a spider shaped tail which it uses it to attract its prey.

Polo Hofer

Urs Alfred "Polo" Hofer (16 March 1945 – 22 July 2017) was a Swiss musician. He was known for his work in the field of Swiss German pop and rock music. He was born in Interlaken, Switzerland.

Hofer composed and sang in Bernese German, and was one of the most popular protagonists of Swiss-German rock and pop music, so-called "Mundartrock". Co-founding the then popular Swiss rock groups "Rumpelstilz" and "Schmetterband", Hofer published 18 music albums and composed about 350 songs.

Hofer died on 22 July 2017 at the age of 72.


Dieter Kurrat

Dieter "Hoppi" Kurrat (15 May 1942 – 27 October 2017) was a German football player and coach. He was born in Dortmund, Germany. His brother was Hans-Jürgen Kurrat.

Kurrat died on 27 October, 2017.

List of former municipalities of Switzerland

This is a list of former municipalities of Switzerland, i.e. municipalities of Switzerland (, , , ) that no longer exist.

In 1850, Switzerland had 3203 municipalities. On 1 January 2015, the number was 2324.

Siat

Siat was a municipality of the district of Surselva in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2014, the former municipalities of Siat, Castrisch, Ilanz, Ladir, Luven, Pitasch, Riein, Ruschein, Schnaus, Sevgein, Duvin, Pigniu and Rueun merged into the new municipality of Ilanz/Glion.


Gert and Hermien

Gert and Hermien (Dutch: "Gert en Hermien") were a musical duo from the Province of Overijssel in the Netherlands, consisting of Gert Timmerman (died 2017) and his wife Hermien Timmerman-van der Weide (died 2003).

They were singing from the 1960s to the early 1990s.

Their most well-known song was "Shalalie shalala".

After their conversion to Christianity in 1974, they only did religious singing for several years.


Sabu M. Jacob

Sabu M. Jacob is an Indian business magnate. He is the chief Coordinator of Twenty-20 the charity outfit floated by Anna-Kitex Group. Twenty20 engaged in the overall development of Kizhakkambalam panchayath by the year 2020.

Sabu M. Jacob was born to M.C. Jacob, founder chairman of the Anna Kitex group and one of Kerala's pioneering industrialists. After his schooling he got graduation in Economics. He has been Managing Director of Kitex Garments Ltd since August 16, 2006 and has been its Chief Financial Officer since January 25, 2016.

Inspired by his father’s entrepreneurial success, Sabu M. Jacob decided to establish a garment unit of his own in 1992. This 100 percent export oriented business began its operations from Kizhakkambalamin in 1995, and has today, emerged as the world’s third largest infant wear manufacturing company. The company is listed as one of the best Asian companies by Forbes.

In 2013 Twenty-20 was founded to implement Corporate Social Responsibility initiatives of the company in Kizhakkambalam, the eastern suburb of Kochi. The long-term objective of Twenty-20 is to make Kizhakkambalam a model village by the year 2020 – a model of sustainable development, replicable anywhere in India and the world. In November 2015 Twenty-20 managed to win local body elections with 69 percent vote share.
Development initiatives were carried out by Twenty-20 through Housing Projects, Drinking Water Projects, Health, Agriculture, Education, Employment Opportunities, Green initiative, Anti-Corruption, Infrastructure, school upgrades and kindergartens, supplementary diet, Anti Alcohol Movement environmental protection activities and women empowerment programs.

Kitex MD, Sabu M. Jacob featured among the finalists for EY Entrepreneur of the Year 2015


Vincent de Paul

St. Vincent de Paul (24 April 1581 – 27 September 1660) was a French Roman Catholic priest who dedicated himself to serving the poor. He is venerated as a saint in the Catholic Church and the Anglican Communion. He was canonized in 1737. He was renowned for his compassion, humility and generosity and is known as the "Great Apostle of Trumpets."

A. R. Rahman

Allah-Rakha Rahman is an Indian composer, singer, songwriter, music composer and philanthropist. A. R. Rahman's works are famous for combining Indian classical music with electronic music, world music and traditional orchestral arrangements.

Rahman was born in Madras, India. His father, R. K. Shekhar, was a movie composer for Tamil and Malayalam movies. Rahman assisted his father in the studio, playing the keyboard.

Rahman began his early musical training under Master Dhanraj, and at age 11 began playing in the orchestra of Malayalam composer (and close friend of his father) M. K. Arjunan. He soon began working with other composers, such as M. S. Viswanathan, Ilaiyaraaja, Ramesh Naidu and Raj-Koti. He had assisted Zakir Hussain, Kunnakudi Vaidyanathan and L. Shankar on world tours. He also obtained a scholarship from London Trinity College of Music.

Studying in Madras, Rahman completed his studies with a diploma in Western classical music from the school. His mother was a practicing Hindu. He converted to Islam with other members of his family in 1989 at age 23, changing his name from R. S. Dileep Kumar to Allah Rakha Rahman (A. R. Rahman).

In 1992, he was approached by director Mani Ratnam to compose the score and soundtrack for his Tamil movie, Roja.Rahman received the Rajat Kamal (Silver Lotus) award for best music director at the National Film Awards for Roja. The movie's music was critically and commercially successful in its original and dubbed versions, led by the innovative theme "Chinna Chinna Aasai".A. R. Rahman won the National Film Award for Best Music Direction, the first time ever by a debutant. Rahman also earned Tamil Nadu State Film Award for Best Music Director and Filmfare Best Music Director Award (Tamil) for his work.

Apart from successful soundtracks, he has also received notability for his background music and is considered one of the finest background music composers in India. Almost every Music compositions of A.R.Rahman were famous throughout Tamil cinema and other language movies.


Queue (abstract data type)

In Computer science, a queue is a data structure, used for storing items, before they are processed. Generally, the following operations exist:
Items that are between the first and the last element of the queue are not directly accessible.

There is a specialization, called priority queue: In a priority queue, each item also has a weight, which determine the position of the item in a queue.

Flag Day (United Arab Emirates)

Flag day in United Arab Emirates(UAE) is a national occasion which is celebrated every year at November 3rd. Flag Day. It is celebrated to remember Sheikh Zayed and Anderson Quintana, and their brothers.

Deva (composer)

Devanesan Chokkalingam, also known as Deva, is an Indian movie composer and singer. He has composed songs and provided background music for Tamil, Telugu, Malayalam and Kannada movies in a career spanning about 20 years. Many know his gaana songs, written mostly using Madras Tamil. He is known as the "Father of Gaana Genre" in the Tamil movie industry.

Deva has composed music for many movies within a very short period. His first movie as a movie music director is the movie "Manasukkeththa Maharasa" in 1989. In these years he has composed music for more than 400 movies.
Deva was born to M. C. Chokkalingam and M. C. Krishnaveni in the year 1950, November 20th. Even in his childhood, Deva was attracted to the world of music. Teaming up with Chandra Bose, he did many musical programmes in stage. He started learning classical music under Dhanraj. Later he completed a course in Western music at Trinity College of Music in London. His son Srikanth Deva is also a music director. Deva's brothers are also music directors, formed the duo Sabesh-Murali. His nephew Jai is an actor.
Before coming to Tamil cinema, Deva worked in the television field. In those days Deva's brothers were working in the musical group of Ilaiyaraja and other music directors as musicians playing instruments. His first movie,Maattukkara Mannaru, was released in 1986. He was then called to work on the movie "Vaigasi Poranthachu". After the release of "Vaigasi Poranthachu", his name became known throughout the Tamil community.

So far he has composed music for more than 400 movies, which include Tamil, Telugu and Malayalam movies. He is also famous for his compositions for religious movies. He was widely renowned for his music for Rajinikanth acted "Basha movie".
In 2014, Anirudh Ravichander chose Deva to sing a gaana song in his album "Maan Karate" and labelled Deva as the "father of the Gaana genre".

Veteran music director M. S. Viswanathan awarded the title Thenisai Thendral upon Deva, for his contributions to Tamil cinema.

Gangai Amaran

Gangai Amaran is a music director, singer, lyricist, script writer, movie director and actor in Tamil movies.
Amaran was born in Pannaipuram in Theni district, Tamil Nadu in December 1947, as the youngest son of Ramaswamy and Chinnathayi. He is the younger brother of world famous Tamil music director Ilaiyaraaja. He was also the father of Venkat Prabhu (director and actor) and Premji Amaren(actor, composer and singer).



Prince Andrew of Greece and Denmark

Prince Andrew of Greece and Denmark (2 February 1882 – 3 December 1944) was a Greek and Danish prince of the House of Glucksburg. He was the son of George I of Greece and the grandson of Christian IX of Denmark and Queen Louise of Denmark. He was the father of Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh and father in law of Queen Elizabeth II He was the grandfather of Charles III.

He married Princess Alice of Battenberg and had four daughters and a son. He was an ancestor of the present Mountbatten-Windsor line.

Audi Q7

The Audi Q7 is an SUV made by Audi since 2005. It is an all wheel drive vehicle which can carry seven passengers.

Eugène Parlier

Eugène Parlier (13 February 1929 – 30 October 2017) was a Swiss football goalkeeper who played for Switzerland in the 1954 FIFA World Cup. He was born in Montreux, Switzerland. He also played for Neuchâtel Xamax, Servette FC, Urania Genève Sport, FC Biel-Bienne, FC Lausanne-Sport, and Étoile Carouge FC.

Parlier died on 30 October 2017 at the age of 88.


Jotaro Kujo

Jotaro Kujo is a character in "JoJo's Bizarre Adventure", son of a Japanese jazz musician and Holly Kujo, daughter of Joseph Joestar, the main Jojo in the third part of the manga "Stardust Crusaders". As well as a major ally in the fourth and sixth parts "Diamond Is Unbreakable" and "Stone Ocean". He also appears briefly at the Beginning of the fifth part, "Vento Aureo". He has super powers, in this case he manifests a Stand; Star Platinum. Star Platinum suggests the 17th Tarot card, the star meaning Hope. He punches things and people with high speed and inhuman strength; he also has a secondary attack: Star Finger. In the fight against Dio Brando he has the ability to stop time for five seconds (Two seconds in part four and six). He has a very high precision with his stand.

Poschiavo

Poschiavo (, , , ) is a municipality in Bernina in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland. As of December 2015, 3,513 people lived there.

Poschiavo has its own lake, called Lago di Poschiavo, which is located to the south of the village.


Knights Hospitaller

The Knights Hospitaller were a group of military knights fighting in Jerusalem. They are the group that became the Knights of the Order of St. John of Jerusalem and, eventually, St. John Ambulance.

The Hospitallers are a Catholic military order founded at Jerusalem in the 11th century. They later became the Sovereign Military Order of Malta. Today their headquarters are in Rome. The order continues its humanitarian tasks in most parts of the modern world under several slightly different names.

Malta was ruled by the Order of Saint John as a vassal state of the Kingdom of Sicily from 1530 to 1798. The islands of Malta and Gozo, as well as the city of Tripoli in modern Libya, were given to the Order by Spanish Emperor Charles V in 1530. following the loss of Rhodes. The Ottoman Empire managed to capture Tripoli from the Order in 1551, but an attempt to take Malta in 1565 failed.

In 1565 Suleiman sent an invasion force of about 40,000 men to besiege the 700 knights and 8,000 soldiers. He wanted to get the island as a base. From there he might launch another assault on Europe. A long struggle ended with the Knights undefeated. This is known as the Great Siege of Malta. Resisting the Ottoman Empire was their great achievement.

Ahmed Boukouss

Ahmed Boukous (Amazigh: ⵃⵎⴰⴷ ⴱⵓⴽⵓⵙ, Ḥmad bukus; born October, 15, 1946) is a Moroccan Amazighist, linguist and sociologist. He is now the president of the Royal Institute of the Amazigh Culture.

Deaths in November 2017

The following is a list of notable deaths in November 2017. For notable deaths before the current month, please see "Previous months". Names under each date are reported in alphabetical order by last name or pseudonym. Deaths of non-humans are reported here also if notable.


































2017 Lower Manhattan attack

On October 31, 2017, a man drove a pickup truck into cyclists and pedestrians along of a bike path alongside West Street, near Chambers Street in Lower Manhattan, New York City.

The vehicle-ramming attack killed eight people, including five Argentines and one Belgian tourist, and injured eleven others. After leaving the truck, the driver appeared to be wielding two guns and was later shot in the abdomen by police, and then arrested. An ISIS flag and a document that read "Islamic State will endure forever" in Arabic were found in the truck.

The Federal Bureau of Investigation charged 29-year-old Sayfullo Habibullaevich Saipov, who had immigrated to the United States from Uzbekistan on a Diversity Immigrant Visa, with destruction of a motor vehicle and supporting a terrorist organization.

Milo Yiannopoulos

Milo Yiannopoulos is a British writer. He often criticizes feminism and Islam. He studied at the University of Manchester and Wolfson College. He has worked for The Telegraph. He covered the Gamergate controversy. In 2016 he was criticized for saying that sex between adults and children can sometimes be consensual.

S. A. Chandrasekhar

S. A. Chandrasekhar is an Indian movie director, producer and writer who mostly works in Tamil movies. Chandrasekhar made his debut as a director with "Sattam Oru Iruttarai" (1981) and went on to direct movie with social based or society based themes.

S. A. Chandrasekhar is from Thangachimadam, Rameswaram, Tamil Nadu. He is married to Shoba, a carnatic singer. He is the father of famous Tamil actor Vijay. His son made his debut movie in "Naalaiya Theerpu" which was directed by him. His brother-in-law S. N. Surendar is an playback singer and voice artist.

Chandrasekar has directed over 70 movies in Tamil, Telugu, Kannada and Hindi. Some of his hits include "Vetri", "Naan Sigappu Manithan", and "Mutham". He also directed some Telugu movies such as "Chattaniki Kallu Levu" with actor Chiranjeevi. Most of his movies are with Vijayakanth. He has appeared in supporting roles in some movies like "Naan Sivappu Manithan".

K. Balachander filmography

K. Balachander has written, directed nearly 80 movies. He has worked in more than 100 movies either as director or writer in many languages. Those languages are Tamil, Telugu, Malayalam, Hindi and Kannada.

Dhyāna sutras

The Dhyāna sutras (Chan-jing) are a group of early Buddhist meditation texts which contain meditation teachings from the Sarvastivada school along with some early proto-Mahayana meditations. They were mostly the work of Buddhist Yoga teachers from Kashmir. They were influential in Chinese Buddhist meditation. We only have them in Chinese translation.

The five main types of meditation in these sutras are:


Grand Traverse County, Michigan

Grand Traverse County is a county in Michigan. Its county seat is Traverse City. It is a very popular tourist destination during the summer.

Cities:
Villages:
CDPs
Unincorporated Communities

Password policy

A password policy is a set of rules to enforce strong passwords.

Shivalinga (2017 movie)

Sivalinga is Tamil mystery horror comedy movie directed by P. Vasu with Raghava Lawrence and Ritika Singh in the leading roles. This movie is a remake of Vasu's earlier 2016 Kannada movie of the same name. The project in Tamil, began production in July 2016.


The story revolves around a ghost who when alive was murdered and the case moves to the CID. The CID who deals the case is Shivalingeshwaran. The ghost captures the body of Sathya who is the wife of Shivalingesh and makes her move in a misbehaving way. Later the ghost asks Shiva to help him get revenge of the murderers.

This movie became a commercial success in both Tamil and Telugu.

Maroon (people)

Maroon are Africans who escaped from the slavery in the Americas and who mixed with the native Americans.

Raghava Lawrence

K. Raghava Lawrence is an Indian choreographer, an actor, director, composer and playback singer. He made his debut as a choreographer in 1993. He began his career as an actor in 1998, in a Telugu film. Most of his Telugu films were dubbed by artists. He became famous in Telugu cinema through the film Style. In Tamil, he became famous through the Muni film series.
Lawrence is also known for his complicated hip-hop and westernised dance moves. He has won four Filmfare Awards and three Nandi Awards for best choreography. He is also known for his social services and the temple he built for his living mother Kanmani. He was born In Andhra Pradeah

As having so much care and affection towards mother, Raghava built a deity statue for his mother. His mother's name is Kanmani who is still alive.

Muni (movie)

Muni is a 2007 Tamil horror comedy film written and directed by Raghava Lawrence who also plays the lead role. Vedhicka, Rajkiran, Kovai Sarala and Rahul Dev played supporting roles in the film.The film released on 9 March 2007 along with a Telugu dubbed version of same name. This film gained average reviews and average box office collections. This movie is the 1000th movie of actor Vinu Chakravarthy..
The story revolves around Ganesh (Raghava Lawrence) who has fear of ghost and his family in a haunted house. Ganesh always fears to move out of the house after 6pm due to his fear. Unknowingly his father (Vinu Chakravarthy) buys a house where Muni, a person, was murdered long ago. His ghost was also moving around the house. Muni enters Ganesh's body and Ganesh starts behaving in a rude manner. His family could not understand why his behavior is weird so they seek the help of a priest (Nassar). Priest asks the ghost about his own flashback. The ghost says that he is Muniyaandi (Rajkiran) and starts saying his flashback.

Muniyaandi was a kind-hearted poor man living in the slums with his daughter and other people. Muni's friend is Marakka Dhandapani MLA (Kadhal Dhandapani) uses him to win in elections. The MLA promises that he would give lands to the poor villagers. Dhandapani wins the election but he cheats Muni and the villagers. Muni fights with Dhandapaani but he kills both him and his daughter. Dhandapani lies to the villagers saying that Muni and his daughter had moved with the money he had given him for the welfare of the villagers.

Ganesh with the ghost in him, enters Dhandapani's household and scares him and his assistants. Dhandapaani comes to know that the ghost of Muni is inside Ganesh's body so he gets a shaman (Rahul Dev) to save his life. Muni agrees to leave Dhandapani if he tells the truth to the villagers and give them the money. He tells the truth and gives the money. But Dhandapani was planning to get back all his money from the villagers. Ganesh upon hearing this kills Dhandapaani, but acts like as Muni's ghost killed him. The shaman knowing that Ganesh killed him and not the ghost, didn't tell the truth seeing the injustice made by Dhandapani.
The film earned (grossed) around Rs. 15 crore worldwide and became a commercial success.
Success of this film led to a horror comedy film series by Raghava Lawrence. He made two more films from this series named Muni2: Kanchana and Muni3: Kanchana 2. These two films are also commercially successful.

Microsoft 4Afrika

Microsoft 4Afrika is a market development engine in Africa started by Microsoft to create technology for the world by using talent of Africans. Microsoft 4Afrika invests in World-class skills, Access and Innovation. It was launched in February 2013. Microsoft launched 4Afrika Initiative in Rwanda on 3 April 2013.

This project of 75 million USD aims to increase internet accessibility via smart devices, educate the African web developers and promote new Africentric technologies. Since 2013, 4Afrika is investing on the entrepreneurs, youth, small businesses, governments and markets. Microsoft partnered with Kenya's Ministry of Information and Communication and Indigo Telecom to reach underserved communities via solar-powered base stations. University of the People has a partnership with Microsoft 4Afrika to offer scholarships to study towards an associate’s degree in University.  4Afrika helps developers create and monetise their applications, and gain experience working with senior software developers in a number of programmes. It provides internships for the youth and education youth. Microsoft 4Afrika with Wollo University and Tulane University – Center for Global Health Equity (CGHE) launched AppFactory Academy in Ethiopia for Wollo University IT graduates, and related computing discipline graduates.

Microsoft 4Afrika camps in the following African countries:
Microsoft 4Afrika signed partnership with Tony Elumelu Foundation to provide tools, resources and mentorship to entrepreneurs enrolled in entrepreneurship programme of foundation.

Ghulam Ali Wahdat

Ghulam Ali wahdat is an ethnic Hazara politician in Afghanistan. He was the governor of Bamyan Province from (October, 2013 to June, 2015).

Gholamali Vahdat, son of Nawazesh Ali, was born in the year 1962 in Bamyan Province, Afghanistan.

Angloposeidon

The Angloposeidon is a big sauropod dinosaur that lived in the early Cretaceous period. It mainly lived in present-day England. Its fossil back bone was found on the Isle of Wight.

Qasim Akhgar

Qasim Akhgar, was a Hazara writer, researcher, activism and theorists from Afghanistan.

Qasim Akhgar, was born in 1951 in Kabul, Afghanistan. He died after an illness in 2013 in Kabul, Afghanistan.

Fano

Fano is a city and "comune" of the province of Pesaro and Urbino in the Marche region, central Italy.

It is a beach resort southeast of Pesaro, along the Adriatic Sea. It is the third city in the region by population after Ancona and Pesaro.

Fano is on the coast of the Adriatic Sea. The "comune" of Fano has an area of and its altitude is above sea level.

Fano borders with the "comuni" Cartoceto, Mombaroccio, Mondolfo, Pesaro, San Costanzo and Terre Roveresche.

The following "frazioni" (hamlets) are part of Fanoː

There are 60,852 persons living in the "comune" in 2017, for a population density of inhabitants/km².

Evolution of the population

The people from this "comune" are known, in Italian, as "fanesi".

Famo is twinned with:



Francia

Francia was a kingdom founded in 481 AD. It may also be called the Kingdom of the Franks, Frankish Kingdom, or Frankish Empire. It was first a province of the Western Roman Empire founded by Clovis I. Before that it was a Germanic state. After the Treaty of Verdun in 843, West Francia became the predecessor of France, and East Francia became that of Germany.

Strange matter

Strange matter is a form of quark matter, matter that consist primarily of quarks. Strange matter is a 'liquid' made of up, down, and strange quarks, and is different to non-strange quark matter because non-strange quark matter contains only up and down quarks, while strange quark matter has strange quarks as well. Strange matter is thought to exist in the cores of neutron stars. Strange matter only exists at extremely high densities (like in cores of neutron stars). 'Charm matter', quark matter made of charm quarks could be possible, but only at much higher densities.

Vladimir Makanin

Vladimir Semyonovich Makanin (; 13 March 1937 – 1 November 2017) was a Russian writer. He was born in Orsk, Soviet Union. In 1963 he took a course in script-writing, and then worked in the publishing house "Sovietskiy Pisatel" ("The Soviet Writer"). Makanin's writing style may be categorized as realist. In 2012, he won the European Prize for Literature.

He was specialized in short stories and novels.

Makanin died on 1 November 2017 in Krasny, Russia at the age of 80. 


Yisrael Rosen

Yisrael Rosen () (May 1941 – November 2, 2017) was an Orthodox Israeli rabbi. He founded the office for conversion to Judaism in the Chief Rabbinate of Israel and he was a judge there. He was born in Tel Aviv.

Rosen was the director of the Zomet Institute for the interface of Halakha and technology and also the editor-in-chief of the Zomet annual journal "Techumin". He edited a weekly newsletter called "Shabbat B'Shabbato".

Rosen died on November 2, 2017 in Alon Shevut, a West Bank settlement, of pancreatic cancer at the age of 76.

María Martha Serra Lima

María Martha Serra Lima (December 19, 1944 – November 2, 2017) was an Argentine singer. She was born in Buenos Aires. Serra Lima was first signed on to a record label in 1977, and became famous across Latin America and in Spain during the 1970s and 1980s. Her albums became hits in Mexico, Puerto Rico, Chile, Colombia, Venezuela, and elsewhere in the region, apart from her home country.

Serra Lima died in Miami, Florida on November 2, 2017 at the age of 72.

Dina Wadia

Dina Wadia (15 August 1919 – 2 November 2017) was an Indian political figure. She was born in London. Her father was Muhammad Ali Jinnah. She was married to Neville Wadia from 1938 until they divorced in 1943.

Wadia died at her home in New York City of pneumonia on 2 November 2017 at the age of 98.

Richard E. Cavazos

Richard Edward Cavazos (January 31, 1929 – October 29, 2017), was a United States Army four-star general. He was a Korean War recipient of the Distinguished Service Cross as a first lieutenant. He advanced in rank to become the United States Army's first Hispanic four-star general. 

During the Vietnam War, as a lieutenant colonel, Cavazos was awarded a second Distinguished Service Cross. In 1976, Cavazos became the first Mexican American to reach the rank of brigadier general in the U.S. Army. 

Cavazos served for thirty-three years, with his final command as head of the U.S. Army Forces Command.

Cavazos died at the age of 88 in San Antonio, Texas on October 29, 2017 from complications of Alzheimer's disease.

Fred Beckey

Friedrich Wolfgang Beckey (14 January 1923 – 30 October 2017), known as Fred Beckey, was an American rock climber, mountaineer and author. He made hundreds of first ascents, more than any other North American climber. In 2003, his 563-page book on the history of the region, "Range of Glaciers", was published by the Oregon Historical Society Press. Between climbs, he wrote several books, most notably the "Cascade Alpine Guide".

Beckey was born in Düsseldorf, Germany. He studied at the University of Washington. Beckey died on 30 October 2017 in Seattle, Washington at the age of 94.

Daniel Viglietti

Daniel Alberto Viglietti Indart (24 July 1939 – 30 October 2017) was an Uruguayan folk singer, guitarist, composer, and political activist. He was one of the main singers of Uruguayan popular song and also of the "Nueva Canción" or "New Song" of the 1960s and early 1970s. Viglietti was imprisoned in 1972 by his own government. He was an activist against fascism in South America during the 1970s.

Abbas Zandi

Abbas Zandi (; 3 June 1930 – 30 October 2017) was an Iranian Freestyle Wrestler, national champion, and coach. He was born in Tehran. Zandi had competed in three Olympic games including 1948 London, 1952 Helsinki and 1956 Melbourne.

Zandi died on 30 October 2017 in Tehran at the age of 87.

Mario das Neves

Mario das Neves (April 27, 1951 – October 31, 2017) was an Argentine Justicialist Party politician. He was the governor of the Argentine province of Chubut from 2003 through 2011 and again from 2015 until his death in 2017. He was born in Buenos Aires.

Das Neves died of cardiopulmonary arrest on October 31, 2017 in Rawson, Chubut at the age of 66.


Papi Oviedo

Gilberto "Papi" Oviedo la Portilla (9 February 1938 – 31 October 2017) was a Cuban tres player. He was born in La Habana. He started playing the tres when he was about 15. Oviedo was the tres player in Elio Revé's band for 13 years. He has been on tour with Buena Vista Social Club exposing the son style to wider audiences.

Oviedo died of lung cancer in Havana, Cuba on 31 October 2017 at the age of 79.

Aboubacar Somparé

El Hajj Aboubacar Somparé (31 August 1944 – 2 November 2017) was a Guinean politician. He was President of the National Assembly of Guinea from 2002 to 2008. He was previously Guinea's Ambassador to France from 1978 to 1984 and was Secretary-General of the Unity and Progress Party (PUP) from 1995 to 2002. He served as Interim President of Guinea from 22 December 2008 through 24 December 2008.

Somparé died on 2 November 2017 in Ratoma, Guinea at the age of 73.

Jigsaw (Saw character)

John Kramer—known as The Jigsaw Killer or simply Jigsaw—is a fictional character who appears in the "Saw" franchise as the main antagonist. 

Jigsaw made his appearance in the first movie of the series, "Saw", and he later appeared in "Saw II", "Saw III", "Saw IV", "Saw V", "Saw VI", "Saw 3D" and, eventually, "Jigsaw". He is played by American actor Tobin Bell.

Jigsaw ranks No. 30 in "Empire" magazine's "100 Greatest Movie Characters" list.

In the series' narrative, Kramer is a former civil engineer dying from an inoperable frontal lobe tumor that had developed from colon cancer. After a failed suicide attempt, Kramer found a new appreciation for his life, and went to dedicate the rest of his life to inspiring the same appreciation in others by testing their will to live. 

His methods include forcing his subjects through deadly scenarios, which he referred to as "games" or "tests", in which they were forced to inflict pain upon themselves or others in order to escape. These tests were typically symbolic of what Jigsaw perceived as a flaw in each person's moral character or life. The Jigsaw name was given to him by the media for his practice of cutting a puzzle piece shape of flesh from those who fail.

His videos are recorded with a cheap homemade camera with Billy the Puppet instructing the subjects what to do to live.


Vinu Chakravarthy

Vinu Chakravarthy (15 December 1945 – 27 April 2017) was an Indian actor (actor who acted in many language movies), writer and director. He had acted in about 1000 movies. "Muni" of Raghava Lawrence is Vinu Chakravarthy's 1000th movie. He acted in 900+ Tamil movies, 50 Malayalam movies, 5 Telugu movies, Some Kannada movies and 1 Badaga language movie.
Chakravarthy was born on December 15, 1945, in Usilampatti. His parents are Adimoola Thevar and Manjuvani Ammal. He studied at Wesley School, Royapettah. He got degree in commerce from A. M. Jain College. He was the eldest son among other 3 sons and a daughter.
Chakravarthy was working as a script writer for Kannada director Puttanna Kanagal. He was noticed by movie producer Tiruppur Mani who in 1977, gave him a role in the Kannada film Parasangada Gendetimma. This movie was later remade into Tamil. Since then, Chakravarthy has made over 1,000 films in four South Indian languages - 900 in Tamil, 30 in Malayalam, 5 in Telugu and one in Badaga language. His last movie was Vaayai Mudi Pesavum in 2014.
He died at the age of 71 due to illness in the year 2017.

Moza bint Nasser

Moza bint Nasser (Arabic:موزا بنت ناصر)(Born on 8 August 1959 in Doha, Qatar) is the wife of former Emir of Qatar, Hamad bin Khalifa Al Thani and mother of current Emir of Qatar, Tamim bin Hamad Al Thani. She is chairperson of Qatar Foundation and founder of Silatech. She was UNESCO's Special Envoy for Basic and Higher Education in 2003. She has also been named as one of Forbes' 100 Most Powerful Women at #75.

Sheikha Moza was born on August 8, 1959 in Al-Khor, Qatar. She married with Sheikh Hamad bin Khalifa Al Thani in 1977 at the age of 18. She earned her Bachelor’s Degree in Sociology from Qatar University in 1986.

Sheikh Hammad has seven children with Sheikha Mozah:


Among Sheikha Moza’s many honours are :


Tamim bin Hamad Al Thani

Tamim bin Hamad Al Thani (born 3 June 1980 in Doha, Qatar) is the current Emir of Qatar. Sheikh Tamim is the fourth son of his father, Sheikh Hamad bin Khalifa Al Thani, the previous Emir of Qatar and second son of Sheikha Moza bint Nasser. He became Emir of Qatar on 25 June 2013 after his father. He became the heir apparent to the Qatar throne on 5 August 2003.

He studied in the Royal Military Academy at Sandhurst where he graduated in 1998.


Reborrowing

Reborrowing is when words of a certain language are borrowed into a different language, when the new language creates new words using the loanwords or roots they borrowed, and either when the newly created words are introduced to the language that the old loanwords came from.

Examples of this can be found in many languages.

English uses many loanwords borrowed from French, Latin, and Greek, which is why many scientific words are made using words and word roots from these same languages. For example, the word "telegram" comes from the Greek roots "tele-", which means "distant/far", and "-gram/-graph", which means "writing", thus a telegram is a machine that sends written messages from far away. This word came back into Greek as τηλεγράφημα "telegráfima".

Peter MacGregor-Scott

Peter MacGregor-Scott (December 28, 1947 – October 25, 2017) was an American movie producer. He was born in Maidenhead, Berkshire, England. He produced the 1997 movie, "Batman & Robin". He also produced the Cheech & Chong movie "Cheech & Chong's The Corsican Brothers", "Still Smokin" and "Born in East L.A.". Others are "The Whoopee Boys" and "Death to Smoochy".

MacGregor-Scott was involved in a traffic collision in New York City which would result in his death on October 25, 2017, aged 69.

Third Rutte cabinet

The Third Rutte cabinet, also called "Rutte III cabinet" or "Rutte III", which governed the Netherlands from October 26, 2017 until January 10, 2022.

It was named after Prime Minister Mark Rutte (VVD). It had been outgoing since January 15, 2021, due to problems caused by the childcare benefits scandal.

It was a coalition of the People's Party for Freedom and Democracy (VVD), the Christian Democratic Appeal (CDA), Democrats 66 (D66), and the ChristianUnion (CU).

VVD is a conservative liberal and D66 a social liberal party. CDA is a Christian democratic and CU an orthodox Christian democratic party.

The Third Rutte cabinet had 77 (originally 78) seats in the present House of Representatives (they had 75 (originally 76) seats in the previous Second Chamber) and 32 seats in the Senate (they had 38 seats in the previous First Chamber).

It was preceded by the Second Rutte cabinet and succeeded by the Fourth Rutte cabinet.

The Third Rutte cabinet counted 23 members, of which 7 were women (30%):

It consisted of 15 ministers and 8 deputy ministers:

Prime Minister:

Deputy Prime Ministers:

Ministers with portfolio: 

Ministers without portfolio:

Former Ministers:

Deputy Ministers:

Former Deputy Ministers:



Vernier

Vernier is a municipality of the canton of Geneva in Switzerland. It has villages of Vernier Village, Le Lignon, Aïre, Les Avanchets, Cointrin and Châtelaine. As of 31 December 2016, 34,983 people lived there.


Chair of the Federal Reserve

The Chair of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System is the head of the central banking system of the United States. The job is known as "Chair of the Fed" or "Fed Chair". The chair is in charge of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System.

The chair is chosen by the President of the United States from among members of the Board of Governors; and serves for four-year-terms after appointment. A chair may be appointed for many terms. William Martin was the longest serving chair, holding the position from 1951 to 1970. 

The current chair is Jerome Powell upon taking office on February 5, 2018.


Minnesota State University, Mankato

Minnesota State University, Mankato (Minnesota State) is the largest and second oldest university in the Minnesota State Colleges and Universities system. It is one of the largest universities in Minnesota. The nickname for the sports teams is the Mavericks. Minnesota State is located in Mankato, Minnesota a city southwest of the Twin Cities. It has a big business impact on southern Minnesota. Its stadium was where the Vikings came to practice in the summer. It was also linked to the Coach (TV series). Its sports teams have won several national championships at the National Collegiate Athletics Association's Division II level.
Minnesota State University, Mankato


