Wildflower

A Wildflower is a flower that grows in the wild. Wildflowers aren't naturally planted by nature or by humans, but grow in the wild. Wildflowers are native and exotic species. Some species of wildflowers are endangered.

Schnauzer

A schnauzer is a type of dog breed that originated in Germany in about the 14th century. The Standard Schnauzer is the oldest of the three Schnauzer varieties: Miniature, Standard, and Giant. All three varieties have the distinctive whiskers, mustache and eyebrows, which is where they take their name from as in German schnauzer means moustache. 

The Standard Schnauzer is the prototype from which the other two were bred. From the middle ages on they guarded the livestock and family members. They are descended from European herding and guard dogs. As a distinctive breed, they appear in pictures of the 14th and 15th centuries. As far as can be determined they were bred from the Gray Wolf Spitz, the German poodle (pudel) and the Wirehaired Pinscher. About the middle of the 19th century German dog enthusiasts took an interest in the Schnauzer. Dog breeders experimented by crossing them with other breeds. First the Miniature Schnauzer was developed, then the Giant Schnauzer.





Chelsea, London

Chelsea is a well-known area in London. It was a borough, but now it is in the Royal Borough of Kensington and Chelsea.

It is an area where the property values are very high, and the shops and facilities cater to wealthy people. It is the home of Sloane Square, the King's Road and Chelsea F.C. It was the centre of Swinging London in the 1960s, and is still a centre of the fashion trade. Sloane Street is one of London's premier shopping destinations, with high-end fashion or jewellery boutiques such as Cartier, Tiffany & Co., Dolce & Gabbana, Prada, Gucci, Harrods, Dior, Louis Vuitton, Jimmy Choo, Giorgio Armani, Yves Saint Laurent, Chanel, Valentino, Bvlgari, Gianni Versace and Graff.

Harrods

Harrods is an upmarket department store on Brompton Road in Knightsbridge in the Royal Borough of Kensington and Chelsea, London. The Harrods brand also applies to Harrods enterprises, including Harrods Bank, Harrods Estates, Harrods Aviation and Air Harrods.

The store has a site. It has 330 departments covering one million square feet () of retail space. It is said to be the biggest department store in Europe.

Harrods was founded by Charles Henry Harrod in 1834. In the 20th century they bought other stores in the UK. In 1959, the British department store holding company, House of Fraser, bought Harrods. Later, in 1985, the Egyptian Mohamed Al-Fayed bought Harrods. In 2010, the store was sold to Qatar Investment Authority (QIA). This company invests the wealth of the Qatar royal family. Harrods is also known for their annual Christmas bears which are very popular. 

Odo, Earl of Kent

Odo, Earl of Kent (ca 1030 – 1097) and Bishop of Bayeux, was the half-brother of William the Conqueror. For a time he was second in power after William became King of England.

Odo was born about 1030. He was the son of William the Conqueror's mother Herleva and Herluin de Conteville. Count Robert of Mortain was his younger brother. 

Although he was an ordained Christian cleric, he is best known as a warrior and greedy nobleman. He provided 100 ships for his brother's invasion of England. Odo is one of the very few proven companions of William the Conqueror, known to have fought at the Battle of Hastings in 1066. He probably commissioned the Bayeux Tapestry. In 1067, Odo became the Earl of Kent. For several years he was a trusted royal minister. On some occasions when William was absent (back in Normandy), he served as the "de facto" regent of England. At times he led the royal forces against rebellions. There are also other occasions when he accompanied William back to Normandy. During this time Odo acquired vast estates in England. He held land in twenty-three counties, mainly in the southeast and in East Anglia.

As the Earl of Kent he became infamous for being greedy, ruthless and a tyrant. Odo obtained a large fortune in land and gold by plundering the landowners of Kent. One chronicler, Thomas of Marlborough, called him a "ravening wolf". Orderic Vitalis, writing nearly a century after Odo's death, he showed him to be a very complex man. On the one hand Odo had great . He was the perfect example of Norman oppression on a conquered England. Yet he was deeply religious and contributed to the al growth of England. Orderic wrote of him:
In 1076 Odo was placed on trial. He was accused of defrauding the Crown and the Diocese of Canterbury. At the conclusion of the trial he was forced to return a number of properties he had taken. Most of his wealth was redistributed.

In 1082, he was suddenly d and put in prison. This time it was for having planned a military expedition to Italy. He wanted to crown himself the Pope. His brother, the king, disapproved of the plan and put a stop to it. Odo spent the next five years in prison in Rouen. His English estates were taken back by the king, as was his office as Earl of Kent. He was allowed to remain the Bishop of Bayeux, however. Odo was released from prison after William died. In 1096 Odo set off on the First Crusade with his nephew, Robert Curthose. He died in Palermo while wintering there in early 1097. He was buried in the Cathedral there.

Cortisone

Cortisone is a 21-carbon steroid hormone. Its chemical name is 17-hydroxy-11-dehydrocorticosterone. It is one of the main hormones released by the adrenal gland in response to stress. 

In chemical structure, it is closely related to cortisol. It is used to treat a variety of ailments and can be administered in various ways. Cortisone suppresses the immune system. This reduces inflammation, pain and swelling at the site of the injury. Long-term use of cortisone has risks.

Tadeus Reichstein, E.C. Kendall and P.S. Hench were awarded the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 1950 for their discovery of cortisone.

Seux

Seux is a French commune in Picardy. In 2012, 167 people lived there. The commune is stuated on a plateau, about from Amiens. It is known for its church, Saint Fiacre, which was built in the 18th century. Robert de Louvencourt (1880-1952), which was in the French legion d'honneur, was born in Seux.

Scottish Terrier

The Scottish Terrier is one of the five breeds of terrier that originated in Scotland. It is also known as Aberdeen Terrier. The other four breeds of terrier from Scotland are Skye, Cairn, Dandie Dinmont, and West Highland White Terrier. Originally scottish terriers were used for hunting, but because of their small size, they are often kept as pets. 

Eicosanoid

Eicosanoids (or icosanoids) are hormones made of lipids. They are signaling molecules made by the oxidation of 20-carbon fatty acids.

They have control over many bodily systems. They influence growth during and after physical activity, inflammation or immunity after the intake of toxic compounds and pathogens. They are also messengers in the central nervous system.

The networks of controls that depend upon eicosanoids are among the most complex in the human body.

Vincent Margera

Vincent Roy Margera (July 3, 1956 – November 15, 2015), more commonly known as Don Vito, was an American reality television personality. He was known for his appearances in "Viva La Bam", "Jackass", "" and the "CKY videos" alongside his nephew Bam. 

His career was ended with his conviction for child sexual abuse in 2006. He was found groping two 12-year-old girls at an autograph signing and was subsequently held with bail set at $50,000. On October 31, he was found guilty of two counts of sexual assault on a minor and acquitted on one count. On November 1, 2007, he was put on suicide watch. He was held at the Jefferson County Detention Facility until his sentencing on December 20, 2007. He faced between two years to life in prison. He was sentenced to 10 years probation.

Margera died on November 15, 2015, from kidney and liver failure in West Chester, Pennsylvania at the age of 59.

Moira Orfei

Moira Orfei (; 21 December 1931 – 15 November 2015), a.k.a. Miranda Orfei, was a popular Italian actress and television personality. Moira was considered the queen of the Italian circus. She was also an actress who was known for her role as Giorgia Casellato in "The Birds, the Bees and the Italians".

On 4 August 2006 Moira Orfei had an Ischemic stroke during a show in Gioiosa Ionica. She was still under medical care when she died on 15 November 2015 in Brescia, Italy from complications of the stroke, aged 83.


Gastone Moschin

Gastone Moschin (8 June 1929 – 4 September 2017) was an Italian actor. He was born in San Giovanni Lupatoto (Veneto).

Moschin began his career in the 1950s as theatre actor. He starred with Barbara Bouchet in "Milano Calibro 9" in 1972. His most famous role is that of Rambaldo Melandri in the "Amici miei" series (1975–1985). He also had a part in Francis Ford Coppola's "The Godfather Part II", as Don Fanucci.

Moschin died of kidney failure on 4 September 2017 at his home in Terni, Italy at the age of 88.

Marco Vicario

Marco Vicario (born 20 September 1925) is an Italian movie actor, screenwriter, movie producer and director. He appeared in 23 movies between 1950 and 1958. He is known for his roles in "7 uomini d'oro" (1965), "Il grande colpo dei 7 uomini d'oro" (1966) and "Wifemistress" (1977). 


Berugo Carámbula

Heber Hugo Carámbula, (31 October 1945 – 14 November 2015), also known under the stage name of Berugo Carámbula, was a Uruguayan actor, comedian and TV host. He was born in Las Piedras in 1945. He was known for his role in the Argentine telenovela "Son Amores" from which he starred in from 2002 through 2003.

Carámbula died in Montevideo, Uruguay from complications of Parkinson's disease at the age of 70.


Bernard King

Bernard King (born December 4, 1956) is an American retired basketball player. He played 14 seasons in the National Basketball Association (NBA).

King was picked in the 1st round of the 1977 NBA Draft. He played with the New Jersey Nets, Utah Jazz, Golden State Warriors, New York Knicks and the Washington Bullets.

He was inducted into the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame on September 8, 2013.

A Division (New York City Subway)

The A Division, also known as the IRT Division, is a division of the New York City Subway, consisting of the lines operated with services designated by numbers (1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7) and the 42nd Street Shuttle. These lines and services were operated by the Interborough Rapid Transit Company before the 1940 city takeover. A Division cars are narrower, shorter, and lighter than those of the B Division, measuring .

The following lines are part of the A Division (services shown in parentheses; lines with colors next to them are trunk lines):


Numbers were assigned to subway services in 1948:

The 42nd Street Shuttle and Bowling Green–South Ferry Shuttle also provided subway services, and elevated service remained on the Third Avenue Line and Polo Grounds Shuttle.


Hello (Adele song)

"Hello" is a song recorded by English singer-songwriter Adele. It is from her third studio album, "25". It was released on 23 October 2015. The song was Adele's first since the Bond theme "Skyfall" in 2012. The song reached number one in several countries, including the United Kingdom, Australia, Canada, and the United States. In the US, it first appeared at the top of the "Billboard" Hot 100, becoming Adele's fourth chart-topper there and spending ten weeks on top of the chart. It sold over 1,112,000 copies in its first week. This is the most copies of a song sold in a single week in the U.S. since the release of Elton John's "Candle in the Wind 1997". "Hello" was certified 4× Platinum in the U.S. faster than any other song in history. On September 20, 2016, the Recording Industry Association of America certified the song 7× Platinum for sales and streams equal to 7 million copies in the United States.

The song finished at number 35 on the Year-End "Billboard" Hot 100 of 2015 and at #7 on the 2016 chart. Similarly, the song ranked at number 25 on the Canadian 2015 year-end chart and at number 9 at the end of 2016.

"Hello" won three awards at the 59th Annual Grammy Awards in 2017: Song of the Year, Record of the Year, and Best Pop Solo Performance.

The song was first featured in a 30-second TV commercial for "The X Factor" in the UK. She has stated that the lyrics of the song can be applied to anyone with whom one has a history — romantically or otherwise. In an interview with "i-D", she explains:
The music video was shot in Canada. It was shot in sepia. It shows Adele having a conversation on a flip phone when she suddenly loses reception. Her feelings towards a man are throughout the video. It broke the Vevo record for most views in a single day, with over 27.7 million views. This record was later broken in 2017 with Taylor Swift's music video for "Look What You Made Me Do". In January 2016, the music video for the song reached over one billion views on YouTube. It did this in less time (88 days) than other videos. That was faster than the music video for Psy's 2012 single "Gangnam Style".

Adele performed "Hello" live for the first time for a BBC one-hour-long special, "Adele at the BBC", which was recorded on 2 November and was broadcast on BBC One on 20 November. She also performed the song at the 17th NRJ Music Awards on 7 November 2015, at Radio City Music Hall in New York on 17 November 2015 as her opening number (Adele Live In New York City), and on "Saturday Night Live" on 21 November 2015. On 23 November 2015, after appearing on "The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon", Adele recorded the song with Fallon and his house band The Roots, playing classroom instruments. The version was broadcast on the show the following night. In December 2015, Adele performed "Hello" on the live final episode of "The X Factor" at Wembley Arena.

2017 — 59th Annual Grammy Awards



Source:

Black garlic

Black garlic is a type of food which is made by heating whole bulbs of garlic over the course of several weeks. It was first used as a food ingredient in Asian cuisine. The taste is sweet and syrupy with hints of balsamic vinegar or tamarind. 
Black garlic's popularity has spread to the United States because it has become a sought-after ingredient used in high-end cuisine. The ornamental plant "Allium nigrum" is commonly called black garlic.

Wikimapia

Wikimapia is a geographic online encyclopedia project. It utilizes an interactive "clickable" web map with a geographically-referenced wiki-based system. Its aim is to mark and describe all geographical objects in the world. Wikimapia was created by Alexandre Koriakine and Evgeniy Saveliev on May 2006.


Orbital resonance

Orbital resonance is a resonance of two orbiting bodies exerting a regular, periodic gravitational effect on each other. Their orbital periods may be related by a ratio of two small integers. It is caused by the changing gravitational forces of bodies which go round each other. The stability of the Solar System was first investigated by Laplace, and there is still much that is not known about it.

As a satellite goes round a planet or two stars go round each other, the gravitational forces can change, sometimes hugely. This is partly because orbits are usually ellipses, not circular, and so the forces change accordingly. Also, the planets and stars are usually not spherical. They spin, and vary in their degree of oblateness. This also changes the forces on an orbiting body.

In particular, the forces may be unstable, so the smaller partner may change until the forces are stable (do not change with time). Satellites often end up with one face towards their planet, because that is the most stable position (tidal locking).

There are other stability effects. Gaps in Saturn's rings are caused by the particles shifting into more stable positions. In the rings of Saturn, the Cassini Division is a gap between the inner B Ring and the outer A Ring. It was cleared by a 2:1 resonance with the moon Mimas. Jupiter makes similar Kirkwood gaps in the asteroid belt.

There is a stability ratio for Neptune and Pluto: the 2:3 ratio means Pluto completes two orbits in the time it takes Neptune to complete three.

The area of mechanics which is used for these studies is called celestial mechanics.

Agoura Hills, California

Agoura Hills, California is a city of Los Angeles County, California.

New Zealand national rugby union team

The New Zealand national men's rugby union team, officially nicknamed the All Blacks, represents New Zealand in men's rugby union. This is regarded as the country's national sport. 

The All Blacks are the holders of the Rugby World Cup, since 2011. They are the 2014 World Rugby Team of the Year. They have won over 76% of their test matches and are the leading test match points scorers of all time. Their win ratio puts them amongst the most successful teams of any sport in history. They are the only international side with a winning record against every country they have played. Since their international debut in 1903 only five nations have defeated New Zealand in test matches. 

Since the introduction of the World Rugby Rankings in October 2003, New Zealand has held the number one ranking longer than all other teams combined. 

The All Blacks are also the first team to set their hands on the Webb Ellis Cup. They are the first team to successfully defend the Rugby World Cup. They were the first team to win back to back Rugby World Cups and the first team to win the cup on 3 separate occasions.
New Zealand competes with Argentina, Australia and South Africa in The Rugby Championship. The All Blacks have won the trophy thirteen times in the competition's nineteen-year history. They also hold the Bledisloe Cup, which is contested annually with Australia. They hold the Freedom Cup, contested annually with South Africa. New Zealand has achieved a Grand Slam (defeating England, Ireland, Scotland, and Wales in one tour) four times1978, 2005, 2008 and 2010.
They have also been named the "World Rugby Team of the Year" seven times since 2005. Four members have won the "World Rugby Player of the Year" awardcurrent captain , Dan Carter, and . Fifteen former All Blacks have been inducted into the International Rugby Hall of Fame. Four of these are also inductees of the World Rugby Hall of Fame.
The team's first match was in 1884. Their first international match was in 1903 against Australia in Sydney. The following year they hosted their first ever home Test, a match against a British Isles side in Wellington. This was followed by a tour of Europe and North America in 1905 where the team suffered their first test defeatto Wales in Cardiff.

Eamon (singer)

Eamon Doyle (born September 19, 1983), professionally known as Eamon, is an American R&B singer-songwriter and harmonicist. He is known for his hit single, "Fuck It (I Don't Want You Back)".

Eamon was born Eamon Jonathan Doyle in Staten Island, New York City. His mother Diane was a nurse and his father Walter Doyle was a counselor.

He began singing at age nine and started to perform and tour with his father's group a R&B group called "The Elations". When he was 15 he began to work with songwriter and producer, Milk Dee, who had worked with many hip hop and R&B artists such as MC Lyte, Janet Jackson and Mary J. Blige.

After Eamon had released his debut single "Fuck It (I Don't Want You Back)", a female R&B singer from Staten Island called Frankee released her debut single which was an answer back to "Fuck It (I Don't Want You Back)". She claimed that they were in a relationship. Eamon claimed in an interview that they were not in relationship and that he didn't know who she was. He was only involved with her song because it sampled his. Eamon was asked for the licensing permission which made him one of her song's songwriters.


Derogation

Derogation (Latin "derogatio") is the relaxation or exemption from of a rule of law. This is as opposed to a repeal or ending of a law. The term is used in both civil law and common law. It is sometimes used, loosely, to mean abrogation. For example in the legal maxim: "Lex posterior derogat priori" which means a more recent law may overrule an earlier law. Derogation is different from dispensation (an to a law) in that it applies to the law. A dispensation applies to specific people who are affected by the law.

In terms of European Union legislation, a derogation can also imply that a member state delays putting into effect a part of an European Union regulation (etc.) into their own legal system. This can be for a period of time such as five years. Or that a member state has decided not to enforce a specific provision in a treaty due to internal circumstances (typically a state of emergency).



Repeal

A repeal is the or of a law. There are two basic types of repeal. A repeal with re- (or ) of the repealed law, or a repeal without replacement. The move to , repeal, or is used in parliamentary procedure to cancel or an action or order previously adopted by the assembly. Removal of secondary legislation is normally referred to as rather than repeal in the United Kingdom and Ireland. Under the common law of England and Wales, the effect of repealing a statute was "to it completely from the records of Parliament as though it had never been passed." This, however, is now subject to savings provisions within the Interpretation Act 1978.

A partial repeal occurs when a specified part or of a previous act is repealed but other provisions remain in force. For example, the Acts of Union 1800, providing for the union between the formerly separate kingdoms of Great Britain and Ireland as the United Kingdom, was partially repealed in 1922. This was when (as a consequence of the 1921 Anglo-Irish Treaty), twenty-six of the thirty-two counties of Ireland were constituted as the Irish Free State, and ceased to be part of the United Kingdom.

A full repeal occurs where the entire Act in question is repealed.

A typical situation where an Act is repealed and re-enacted is where the law in the area is being updated but the law being repealed needs to be replaced with one suitable for the modern era. Re-enactment can be with or without amendment. However, repeal and re-enactment without amendment normally occurs only in the context of a Consolidation Bill (a bill to consolidate the law in a particular area).

For example the repeal of the Poor Laws in England in 1948 reflected their replacement by modern social welfare legislation.

A repeal without replacement is generally done when a law is no longer effective, or it is shown that a law is having far more negative consequences than were originally envisioned. Many repeals without replacement are the result of significant changes in society. Major examples include:

Rudy Markussen

Rudy Markussen (born July 24, 1977 in Copenhagen) is a retired Danish professional boxer. 

His nickname is "The Hard Hitter". On November 16, 2002 Markussen was the number 1 challenger for the IBF Super Middleweight World title. He lost to Sven Ottke. On October 24, 2003 he won the WBO title against American James Crawford. Then on July 24, 2004 he won the EBU (European) Super Middleweight title. He beat Danilo Häussler by a 12 round unanimous decision.

In 2006 Markussen was in a car accident. He was unable to box for several years. Markussen made a comeback in 2010 and had 6 fights in the years 2010-2012. His last fight was December 12, 2015 against fellow Dane Patrick Nielsen.

Cumberland, Indiana

Cumberland is a town in the state of Indiana, in the United States. As of the 2020 census, the population was 5,954.

Willie Mays

Willie Howard Mays Jr. (born May 6, 1931), nicknamed "The Say Hey Kid" is a retired American Major League Baseball (MLB) center fielder. He spent almost all of his 22 season career playing for the New York and San Francisco Giants before finishing with the New York Mets. His career began in 1951 and he retired in 1973.

Mays was born in Westfield, Alabama, near Bessemer, Alabama.


Sharnbrook Upper School

Sharnbrook Upper School is an affiliated school in Bedford, Bedfordshire, England. It is in the village of Sharnbrook. It has about 2,500 students. The students range in age from 13 to 18 years of age. The school is very popular and has a waiting list for students. Some parents move into the Sharnbrook area to guarantee their children will get a place at the school. In 2015, 99% of Sharnbrook students passed their level 3 exams. The school is rated in the top 10% of schools in England "for student progress and attainment".

<br>

Jean Pierre Flourens

Marie Jean Pierre Flourens (13 April 1794 – 6 December 1867) proved that the effects of "the mind" were caused by the brain, not the heart.

He was a French physiologist, the founder of experimental brain science and a pioneer in anesthesia. He use brain surgery on animals, and studied their effects. His kind of surgery is called "ablative surgery": in most cases ablative brain surgery does not mean removing brain tissue, but rather destroying tissue and leaving it in place.

In 1825, Flourens pioneered the experimental method of ablating parts of the brain in living rabbits and pigeons. He carefully observed their effects. His intention was to find out whether different parts of the brain had different functions.

Flourens was able to show for the first time that the main parts of the brain were responsible for largely different functions. By removing the cerebral hemispheres, for instance, all perceptions, voluntary action, and judgment were abolished. The removal of the cerebellum affected the animal's equilibrium and motor coordination, while the destruction of the brainstem (medulla oblongata) caused death. These experiments led Flourens to conclude that:

Packaged terminal air conditioner

A packaged terminal air conditioner (PTAC) is a kind of self-contained heating and air conditioning system. It is commonly found in hotels, motels, senior housing facilities, hospitals, condominiums, apartment buildings, add-on rooms & sunrooms. Many PTACs are designed to be installed in a wall. They have vents and heat sinks both inside and outside. Different standard dimensions are found in the market including 42×16 inches, 36x15 inches, and 40x15 inches.

The older units usually use mechanical control with mechanical push buttons to select the mode of operation and fan speed control. Another rotary knob is used to set the desired temperature of the unit. This was the most cost-effective and simplest method of control in the past. The development and the reduction in the cost of electronic controls have enabled manufacturers to implement electronic control touchpad that comes with remote control. Some of the electronic controls that have been built into the system including a timer control where you will be able to set when to ON or OFF the unit, Mode control is operated by pushing the same button to select the mode of operation. Temperature setting is displayed by the use of 7 segment display and buttons used to change the settings. Energy-saving features such as sleep or economizer functions where the set temperature will be automatically adjusted according to the duration that has elapsed.

The first practical packaged terminal air conditioner was invented by engineers at Chrysler Motors.

Phoenix, Edison, New Jersey

Phoenix, Edison, New Jersey is a neighborhood of Edison, New Jersey.

Lincoln Park, New Brunswick, New Jersey

Lincoln Park, New Brunswick, New Jersey is a neighborhood of New Brunswick, New Jersey.

Primary and secondary legislation

In the parliamentary systems of government, primary legislation and secondary legislation are two forms of law. Primary legislation consists of Acts of Parliament or statute. Secondary legislation (also called delegated legislation) is the granting of additional law-making powers to another branch of government by an Act or statute. In the European Union, primary and secondary legislation are two of the three processes of law. The third is supplementary law which includes International law and covers any gaps between primary and secondary legislation.

In parliamentary systems, there are three branches of government—executive, legislative and judicial. When a parliament makes a law, called an , it is ing on the other two branches of government. Acts are made by a majority vote of the legislature. The exact process differs in different parliamentary systems. In a bicameral (two-chamber) system there is usually a lower house (such as the House of Commons in the UK) and an upper house (such as the House of Lords). A new law starts out as a bill, usually in the lower house. It must pass both houses before it can become an act. Other systems use a unicameral or one-chamber legislation. In either system, an act becomes the law. Judges and the courts have little authority to challenge the validity of a law.

In the United States, primary legislation is, at the federal level, an Act of Congress. A statute that s authority or responsibility to an agency is called an "authorizing statute." A law created by the executive branch of the United States Government or that of a state government as the result of primary legislation is called a regulatory law.

Secondary (also called subordinate) legislation is all other forms of legislation that are not Acts of Parliament. It is very similar to administrative law in the United States. The legislative branch of governments often delegates power to allow ministers to make secondary legislation. Secondary legislation also includes s, s and decisions by s or s. Most Acts of Parliament in the UK contain s to allow secondary legislation. 

The two types of secondary legislation are delegated legislation and prerogative legislation.

Statute

A statute is a written law passed by a state or federal legislature that creates a rule or . Statutes (also called legal codes) provide the authority for other laws. Many state and federal agencies, such as the IRS, EPA and state Secretaries of State may issue regulations for the areas of the law they cover. A statute usually commands something, prohibits something or declares something to be policy. When there is a dispute over the meaning of a statute, a state or federal court may issue a judgment that s the statute more clearly. When this happens it also becomes case law.

Before a statute becomes law in some countries, it must be agreed upon by the highest executive in the government. Then it is published as part of a legal code. In many countries, statutes are organized (or codified) for a particular jurisdiction. In many nations statutory law is distinguished from and is to constitutional law.

Androula Henriques

Androula Christofidou Henriques (born 1936) is an activist from Cyprus. In 2010 she received the International Women of Courage Award.

Henriques started "Cyprus Stop Trafficking", a group to fight human trafficking. She became the president of the group. She also worked to get the government of Cyprus to stop human trafficking.

In 2008, Cyprus Stop Trafficking had a conference in Cyprus to help stop human trafficking. There were speakers from the United States and the European Union. There were also people from the National Police, the House of Representatives, the Attorney General's Office, the Turkish-Cypriot community, several NGOs, and many journalists.




Sonia Pierre

Solange Pierre or Sonia Pierre, (1963 – December 4, 2011), was a human rights activist in the Dominican Republic. She worked to end "antihaitianismo", which is discrimination against people of Haitian origin either born in Haiti or in the Dominican Republic. For this work, she won the 2006 Robert F. Kennedy Human Rights Award.

In 2010 she received the International Women of Courage Award from the United States Department of State.

Pierre was born in Villa Altagracia, San Cristóbal, Dominican Republic, in 1963. Her parents were from Haiti. Her mother came to the Dominican Republic in 1957 with a temporary work permit. Her father came to the Dominican territory illegally).

There were twelve children in Pierre's family The family lived in a migrant worker camp. The name of the camp is "batey". Many people from Haiti live here. Pierre's birth certificate said her name was Solain Pie. Pierre said that was a mistake by a government clerk."

On December 4, 2011, Pierre died at the age of 48. She had a heart attack on the way to the hospital in Villa Altagracia.

At the age of 14, Pierre started a protest by sugar cane workers. Pierre went to jail, but the protest received some attention. After the protest, the workers got better tools and more money. 

Pierre worked as director of the non-governmental organization Movement for Dominican Women of Haitian Descent (MUDHA). The goal of the group is to stop "antihaitianism", or discrimination against people from Haiti in the Dominican Republic.

In 2005, Pierre went to the Inter-American Court of Human Rights in the case of two ethnic Haitian children who did not receive Dominican birth certificates. The name of the case was "Yean and Bosico v. Dominican Republic". The court told the Dominican government to give birth certificates to the children. However, later, the Dominican Supreme Court later said the Haitian workers were 'in transit,' so their children could not be citizens. "







Jonah Lomu

Jonah Tali Lomu (12 May 1975 – 18 November 2015) was a New Zealand rugby union player. He had sixty-three caps as an All Black after debuting in 1994. He was thought to be as the first true global superstar of rugby union. He had a huge impact on the game. He was inducted into the International Rugby Hall of Fame on 9 October 2007, and the IRB Hall of Fame on 24 October 2011.

He played for several domestic teams, in the Super Rugby, NPC and later the Magners League competitions. These included the Auckland Blues, Chiefs and Hurricanes, and Counties Manukau, Wellington and later North Harbour and Cardiff Blues. He made a comeback after undergoing a kidney transplant in 2004.

Lomu died suddenly of kidney failure in Auckland, New Zealand, aged 40.


Saeed Jaffrey

Saeed Jaffrey, OBE (Punjabi: ਸਈਦ ਜਾਫ਼ਰੀ, Urdu: ; ; 8 January 1929 – 15 November 2015) was an Indian-born British actor. He appeared on radio, stage, television and movie. He was known for his roles in "The Man Who Would Be King", "Shatranj Ke Khilari", and in "My Beautiful Laundrette".

Jaffrey died at a hospital in London on 14 November 2015, having recently collapsed at his home and suffered a brain hemorrhage, aged 86.


Nando Gazzolo

Ferdinando "Nando" Gazzolo (16 October 1928 – 16 November 2015) was an Italian actor and voice actor. He was born in Savona, Italy. Gazzolo was known for his roles in "West and Soda" (1965), "He Who Shoots First" (1966) and "La ragione degli altri" (1965).

Gazzolo died in Nepi, Italy from complications of pneumonia at the age of 87.

Dora Doll

Dora Doll (19 May 1922 – 15 November 2015) was a French actress. She was born Dorothea Hermina Feinberg in Berlin. She was known for her roles in "Manon", "French Cancan" and in "Julia".

Doll died in Gard, France from complications of Alzheimer's disease, aged 93.


Metairie, Louisiana

Metairie is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Jefferson Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Rocky Anderson

Ross Carl "Rocky" Anderson (born September 9, 1951) is an American attorney and politician. He served two terms as the 33rd mayor of Salt Lake City, Utah, from 2000 to 2008. He is the executive director of High Road for Human Rights. He ran for President of the United States in the 2012 U.S. presidential election.

Jake Garn

Edwin Jacob "Jake" Garn (born October 12, 1932) is an American politician. He is a member of the Republican Party. He served as a U.S. Senator representing Utah from 1974 to 1993.

Garn became the first sitting member of the United States Congress to fly in space when he flew aboard the Space Shuttle Discovery as a Payload Specialist during NASA mission STS-51-D (April 12–19, 1985).


Bob Bennett (politician)

Robert Foster "Bob" Bennett (September 18, 1933 – May 4, 2016) was an American politician. He is the former United States Senator from Utah serving from January 3, 1993 through January 3, 2011. He was a member of the Republican Party. Bennett held chairmanships and senior positions on a number of key Senate committees, including the Banking, Housing and Urban Affairs Committee, Appropriations Committee, Rules and Administration Committee, Energy and Natural Resources Committee, and Joint Economic Committee.

Bennett was a popular conservative senator for most of his tenure, earning high ratings from conservative activist groups such as the National Rifle Association of America, U.S. Chamber of Commerce, and American Conservative Union. However, in 2010 Bennett became one of the most prominent targets of the Tea Party Movement, which criticized his support of George W. Bush.

Bennett died on May 4, 2016 at his home Arlington, Virginia after suffering from pancreatic cancer and a stroke. He was 82 years old.

Principia

This title has been used for more than one book:


Principia Mathematica

The Principia Mathematica is a three-volume work on the foundations of mathematics by Alfred North Whitehead and Bertrand Russell. It was published in 1910, 1912, and 1913. In 1927, it appeared in a second edition with an important "Introduction to the second edition", and different notes at the end. It is often known as "PM".

The book was an attempt to describe a set of axioms, inference rules and law of noncontradiction in symbolic logic from which all mathematical truths could in principle be proved. This ambitious project is of great importance in the history of mathematics and philosophy. The authors believed that such a project could be done. However, in 1931, Gödel's incompleteness theorem proved that "PM", and any other attempt, could never reach this goal. For any set of axioms and inference rules proposed, either the system must be inconsistent, or there must in fact be some truths of mathematics which could not be deduced from them.

One of the main inspirations and motivations for "PM" was the earlier work of Gottlob Frege on logic.

"PM" is not to be confused with Russell's 1903 "Principles of Mathematics". "PM" states: "The present work was originally intended by us to be ... a second volume of Principles of Mathematics... But as we advanced, it became increasingly evident that the subject is a very much larger one than we had supposed..."

The Modern Library placed it 23rd in a list of the top 100 English-language nonfiction books of the twentieth century.

Edison, New Jersey

Edison, New Jersey is a township in Middlesex County, New Jersey, United States. It is in the New York City metropolitan area. As of the 2020 United States Census, Edison had a total population of 107,588.

I Was Made to Love Her (album)

I Was Made to Love Her is the seventh studio album by American singer-songwriter Stevie Wonder. It was released on August 28th, 1967 under Tamla Records. Wonder also released another album in 1967, a Christmas album called "Someday at Christmas".

Side One

Side Two

Someday at Christmas

Someday at Christmas is a Christmas album and the eighth studio album by Stevie Wonder. It was released on November 27, 1967 under Tamla. It was his second album to be released in 1967. It followed "I Was Made to Love Her".


(Both first appeared on the CD collection, "Christmas in the City").


Eivets Rednow

Eivets Rednow is an instrumental and ninth album by American singer-songwriter Stevie Wonder. It was released on the Gordy Records label in 1968. The title is Stevie Wonder spelt backwards. The album was his first album released in 1967 as he would release another album called "For Once in My Life" later on that year.


For Once in My Life (album)

For Once in My Life is the tenth studio album by American singer-songwriter Stevie Wonder on Motown Records. It was released in December 1968, his second album that year.


My Cherie Amour (album)

My Cherie Amour is the eleventh studio album by American singer-songwriter Stevie Wonder. It was released on the Tamla label on August 29, 1969. It was his only album to be released in 1969. The next two albums released in 1970 would be recorded live.

Side One

Side Two

Stevie Wonder Live

Stevie Wonder Live is a 1970 live album by Stevie Wonder on the Tamla label. It is Wonder's second live album. The album is an important point in his career to shows Wonder's from a performer to a genius singer-songwriter.


Live at the Talk of the Town

Live at the Talk of the Town is a 1970 live album by Stevie Wonder on the Tamla record label. It was recorded at the "Talk of the Town" nightclub in London. It was Wonder's third live album. It was the second to be released in 1970 following the "Stevie Wonder Live" album.


Court order

A court order (or order) is a formal written direction by a member of the judiciary. It directs a party to do something. It can also be an order not to do something, as in an injunction. 

An order can be as simple as setting a date for trial. They can also be involving many details. It may be a final order (one that concludes the court action), or an order (one during the action). Most orders are written, and are signed by the judge. Some orders, however, are spoken orally by the judge in open court, and are only reduced to writing in the transcript of the proceedings.

The following represents a small sampling of matters that are commonly dictated by the terms of a court order:

Party (law)

A party is a person or group of persons that make up a single for the purposes of the law. They are a participant in legal proceeding and have an interest in the outcome. Parties include: the plaintiff, the defendant, a petitioner or a respondent. They can also be a cross-complainant (a defendant who sues someone else in the same lawsuit) or a cross-defendant (a person sued by a cross-complainant). A person who only appears in the case as a witness is not considered a party.

Courts use various terms to identify the role of a particular party in civil litigation. They usually call the party that brings a lawsuit as the plaintiff, or, in older American cases, the "party of the first part". The party against whom the case was brought as the defendant, or, in older American cases, the "party of the second part".


Austin Powers (character)

Sir Augustine Danger "Austin" Powers, KBE, is a fictional character from the Austin Powers series of films. The character was created by Mike Myers. Mike Myers was also the actor who played the character in the films. He is the main character of "" (1997), "" (1999) and "Austin Powers in Goldmember" (2002). He is a British spy. He likes to go to parties and he represents the hippie culture of the 1960s. This is because he and his opponent Dr. Evil, were frozen during an experiment, and they stayed frozen for many years. The series' humor follows his attempts to adjust to the modern world as he continues to try to save it from terrorism.

Austin Powers was a character seen as a parody of James Bond. The character was also influenced by Harry Palmer and characters played by Peter Sellers.

The band Ming Tea was formed by Myers, Matthew Sweet and Susanna Hoffs during the 1990s. The band acted like a British band of the 1960s. The band members all performed under pseudonyms (fake names) with 1960s personas. Myers adopted the pseudonym and character of Austin Powers. This group made a number of live club and television performances in character. Myers' wife at the time, Robin Ruzan, encouraged him to write a film based on Austin Powers.

Obituaries of Simon Dee (1935–2009), the radio and television presenter, claimed that the character of Austin Powers was inspired by Dee's "Sixties grooviness". Mike Myers has stated that the "Austin Powers" character was based on his own father.

Video Games: Austin Powers, Austin Powers Pinball, Austin Powers: Welcome to my Underground Lair, Austin Powers: Oh Behave!, and Austin Powers: Operation Trivia.



In 2010, Austin Powers was voted #23 in "Entertainment Weekly"'s list "The 100 greatest characters of the last 20 years."

Michael C. Gross

Michael C. Gross (October 4, 1945 – November 16, 2015) was an American artist, designer, and movie producer. From 1970 to 1974 he art-directed "National Lampoon" magazine, and subsequently co-ran a design company. 

In 1980 he started working in Hollywood. He is perhaps best remembered for designing the logo for the movie "Ghostbusters", which was one of 11 movies on which he served as producer or executive producer.

Gross died on November 16, 2015 in Oceanside, California from cancer at the age of 70.


Rahim Moeini Kermanshahi

Rahim Moeini Kermanshahi (, February 6, 1926 – November 17, 2015) was an Iranian poet and lyricist. He was one of the pioneering songwriters in the history of Persian traditional music. He was born in Kermanshah, Iran. During his 60 years dedication to Persian literature and poetry he published over 20 books and wrote the lyrics of about 500 songs.

Kermanshahi died at the age of 89 at a hospital in Tehran, Iran

David Padilla

David Padilla Arancibia (August 13, 1927 – September 25, 2016) was a Bolivian politician and military general. He was the former de facto president of Bolivia. He ruled his country from November 1978 to August 1979.

Padilla died in La Paz on 25 September 2016, at the age of 89. 

Walter Buser

Walter Buser (14 April 1926 – 17 August 2019) was a Swiss politician from the Social Democratic Party of Switzerland (SDP). He was born in Lausen, Switzerland. He defeated his opponents and became the first Social Democratic Chancellor of Switzerland serving from 1981 until his resignation in 1991.

Buser died on 17 August 2019 at the age of 93.


Aaron Shikler

Aaron Abraham Shikler (March 18, 1922 – November 12, 2015) was an American artist. He was known for his portraits of American statesmen and celebrities like Jane Engelhard and Sister Parish. He was mainly known for painting the official White House portraits of John F. Kennedy and Nancy Reagan. Shikler was born in Brooklyn, New York City.

Shikler died in Manhattan, New York City from renal failure, aged 93.


Bert Olmstead

Murray Albert Olmstead (September 4, 1926 – November 16, 2015) was a Canadian professional ice hockey left winger. He played for the Montreal Canadiens, Chicago Black Hawks and Toronto Maple Leafs in the National Hockey League (NHL). 

Olmstead was born in a small town called Sceptre in Saskatchewan on September 4, 1926. in 1944, when he was 18, he moved to Moose Jaw, Saskatchewan, to play junior hockey.

Olmstead began his career with the Black Hawks in 1949. In December 1950, he was traded to the Montreal Canadiens via Detroit. Olmstead had his best statistical years playing for Montreal, leading the league in assists in 1954–55 with 48, and setting a league record for assists with 56 the following season. Olmstead was claimed in an Intra-League Draft by Toronto Maple Leafs in 1958, and played there until his retirement in 1962. 

In the 1967–68 season, Olmstead served as coach of the expansion Oakland Seals. Olmstead played in the Stanley Cup final in 11 of his 14 seasons in the NHL, winning it five times. He won it four times with Montreal, in 1953, and from 1956 to 1958, and once with Toronto, in 1962, which was his last season. He was inducted into the Hockey Hall of Fame in 1985.

Olmstead died at his home in High River, Alberta on November 16, 2015, due to complications after suffering a stroke. aged 89.

Sason

Sason ( "Sasun"; from ; formerly known as Sasun or Sassoun) is a district in the Batman Province of Turkey. It was formerly part of the sanjak of Siirt, which was in Diyarbakır vilayet until 1880. It was in Bitlis Vilayet in 1892. Later it became part of Muş sanjak in Bitlis vilayet. Sason remained part of Muş until 1927. It was one of the districts of Siirt province until 1993. The boundaries of the district varied considerably in time. The current borders are not the same as in the 19th century. This is when the district of Sasun was situated more to the north (mostly territory now included in the central district of Muş).

Sasun, as it is called by Armenians, holds a prominent role in Armenian culture and history. It is the setting of "Daredevils of Sassoun", Armenia's national epic. In the late 19th and early 20th centuries it was a major location of Armenian "fedayi" activities, who staged two uprisings against the Ottoman authorities. They rebelled against the Kurdish tribes in 1894 and 1904.

Historically the area was known as "Sasun", part of the historical Armenian Highland. Sasun was in the Arzanene province of the ancient Armenian Kingdom. Later the region was ruled by the Mamikonian dynasty from around 772 until 1189/1190. This is when the Mamikonians moved to Cilicia after being forced out by Shah-Armen.

The region was eventually conquered by the Ottoman Empire, becoming part of the sanjak of Muş in Bitlis Vilayet, and continued to hold a substantial population of Armenians. During this period, Sason was a federation of some forty Armenian villages, whose inhabitants were known as Sasuntsis (). Surrounded by fierce Kurdish tribes to whom they were often forced to pay tribute, the Sasuntsis were able to maintain an autonomy free of Turkish rule until the end of the 19th century when the Kurds themselves were finally brought under government control. Proud warriors, the Sasuntsis made all their own weapons and relied on nothing from the outside world.

In 1893, about three to four thousand nomadic Kurds from the Diyarbakır area entered the Sason region. This of nomads, who customarily used the mountain meadows of the area in summer for their herds, was harmful to the sedentary Armenians. The Kurds were responsible for bringing economic ruin to the agrarian community of the Armenian villagers. They would steal livestock and demand the Armenians to pay a second tax (that is, a separate tax in addition to the one Armenians paid to the Ottoman government). When Armenians decided to challenge the Kurds, there was a fight and a Kurd was killed. Using the Kurd's death as a reason, Turkish officials allowed a Kurdish attack against the Armenians of Sason.

The Kurds, however, were successfully driven off by the armed Armenian villagers. But that success was then seen as a possible threat by the Ottoman authorities. In 1894 the villagers refused to pay taxes unless the Ottoman authorities protected them against more Kurdish attacks and extortions. Instead, the government sent a force of about 3,000 soldiers and Kurdish irregulars to disarm the villagers. This ended in a general massacre of between 900 to 3,000 men, women and children. The "Sasun affair" was d by European Powers. This resulted in demands that Ottoman Turkey initiate reforms in the six "Armenian vilayets". Abdul Hamid II's response to those demands culminated in the anti-Armenian pogroms of 1895 and 1896.

As part of the Hamidian massacres, it is estimated that at least 1,000 Armenian villagers were slain in the Sason atrocity. This was caused by the buildup of Ottoman troops in early 1894. Officials and military officers involved in the Sason massacres were decorated and rewarded.

Today, most of Sason's population is Kurd, Arab, or Zaza. An Armenian minority may still exist (in 1972 there were estimated to be some 6,000 Armenian villagers in the region).

Muş Province

Muş Province () is a province in eastern Turkey. It is 8,196 km² in area, and has a population of 406,886 according to a 2010 estimate. The population was 453,654 in 2000. The provincial capital is the city of Muş. Another town in Muş province, Malazgirt ("Manzikert"), is famous for the Battle of Manzikert of 1071. The majority of the province's population is Kurdish.

Muş province is divided into 6 districts (capital district in bold):


Signed, Sealed &amp; Delivered

Signed, Sealed & Delivered is the twelfth studio album by American recording artist Stevie Wonder. It was released on August 7, 1970, by Tamla. It was also Wonder's third album to be released in 1970 as he had already released two live albums earlier on in the year.

Side One

Side Two

Where I'm Coming From

Where I'm Coming From is the thirteenth album by Stevie Wonder. The album was released by Motown Records on April 12, 1971. It was his only album to be released in 1971 as "Music of My Mind" was released in 1972.

All songs written by Stevie Wonder and Syreeta Wright



Music of My Mind

Music of My Mind is the fourteenth studio album by American singer-songwriter Stevie Wonder. It was released on March 3, 1972, by Tamla Records. Wonder would also release another studio album later on in 1972, called "Talking Book".



Talking Book

Talking Book is the fifteenth album by Stevie Wonder. It was released on October 28, 1972 by Tamla. It was also his second album to be released in 1972 as "Music of My Mind" had been released just months before it. The album is also known for the hit "Superstition".




The Dutchess

The Dutchess is the debut studio album by American recording artist Fergie. It was released on September 13, 2006, by A&M Records and the will.i.am Music Group. Musically, "The Dutchess" is mainly a hip hop and R&B album that also has roots in reggae, dance and soul. The name is also a references to Sarah Ferguson, the real Duchess of York. They share a surname and nickname of Fergie. The title had media attention.

Three of the album's songs ("London Bridge", "Glamorous", and "Big Girls Don't Cry") reached number one on the "Billboard" Hot 100. "Fergalicious" and "Clumsy" also reached the top five in the US.

"The Dutchess" received mixed to positive reviews from music critics.



We Invented the Remix

We Invented the Remix is a remix album by P. Diddy with the Bad Boy Family, released on May 14, 2002. It features remixes of hit singles by artists from Diddy's Bad Boy Records record label. The album reached the top of the U.S. "Billboard" 200 albums chart for a week and was later certified Platinum for shipments of over 1,000,000 copies. The album also reached #17 in the UK on the UK Albums Chart. The album featured the hit singles "I Need a Girl (Part 1)", which reached #2 in the U.S., and "I Need a Girl (Part 2)", which reached #4, a rare occurrence of both parts of the same song both becoming big hits. This was the last album Bad Boy would release under the Arista Records label.


Don't Disturb This Groove

Don't Disturb This Groove may refer to:

Don't Disturb This Groove (album)

Don't Disturb This Groove is the fourth studio album recorded by American R&B/electropop band The System. Released by Atlantic Records in 1987, the album became a highlight of The System's career, as it has been the most commercially successful album, surpassing their hugely successful debut, "Sweat". It reached No. 62 on the "Billboard" 200 and No. 1 on the R&B Albums chart. The album was produced by its band members, David Frank and Mic Murphy.

Successful singles from this album include the band's first (and to date, only) top 10 hit on the pop charts with the contemporary R&B ballad title track, "Don't Disturb This Groove" and urban hit "Nighttime Lover".

Doug E. Fresh is featured on the track "House of Rhythm".


MacBook (2015–2019)

The MacBook Retina is a laptop computer made by Apple Inc.. It was introduced in March 2015. It was released on April 4, 2015.

The MacBook Retina is designed to be thin. It is 13.1 mm at its thickest point. It has an Intel Core M processor, which is designed for computers like this and does not need a fan or something else to cool it. It has a 12-inch 2304x1440 "Retina Display", a keyboard, and a trackpad that is able to do different things if you put more pressure on it. It has a different battery than in other Apple devices because it is so thin. It has one USB "Type C" port, and a headphone jack.

Don Young

Donald Edwin "Don" Young (June 9, 1933 – March 18, 2022) was an American politician. He was a member of the Republican Party. He was the U.S. Representative for from 1973 until 2022.

Young became Dean of the United States House of Representatives on December 5, 2017 after the resignation of John Conyers of Michigan. 

Young died while on flight near Seattle–Tacoma International Airport in SeaTac, Washington on March 18, 2022, aged 88, while traveling from Los Angeles to Alaska.


Dan Sullivan

Daniel Scott "Dan" Sullivan (born November 13, 1964) is an American politician. He is a member of the Republican Party. He became the junior United States Senator from Alaska in January 2015.


Don't Disturb This Groove (song)

"Don't Disturb This Groove" is a song by American synthpop/R&B duo The System. It is from the 1987 album of the same name. The song was written by The System's David Frank and Mic Murphy. It was released as the album's first single. 

In May 1987, the song reached number one on the Billboard R&B Singles chart, spending one week on top. It was later a hit on the pop chart during the summer of 1987. It peaked at number four on the Hot 100 chart in July. The song officially became the number one song of the summer of 1987.

Administrative law

Administrative law (also called regulatory law) covers a wide range of procedures by administrative agencies. These agencies include city, county, state or government bodies. They may be called s, s, divisions or boards. 

Each may have its own rules and regulations which are usually not found in statutes. These are based on laws passed by a government. Agencies also have the power to enforce these rules and regulations.

Congress or state legislatures pass laws, sometimes on complicated issues. The details of how these laws are to be enforced is left to administrative agencies. For example, a government agency, the Social Security Administration (SSA) was created August 14, 1935 by an act of Congress. They were given the authority to administer Social Security benefits and disability laws. They have passed a body of rules and regulations that determine how benefits will be handled.

The rules created by the European Union are carried out by an "ad hoc" collection of agencies. These rules may be for a particular treaty or for things such as trade policy. These agencies on a policy-by-policy basis.

Blood pheasant

The blood pheasant ("Ithaginis cruentus") is a small, short-tailed pheasant. It fairly common in the eastern Himalayas. Its range is across the northern parts of India, Nepal, Bhutan and China. The total number of birds is slowly . For this reason the species has been as Least Concern by IUCN in 2009. It is the national bird of the former kingdom of Sikkim. The blood pheasant is the only species in the genus "Ithaginis" of the pheasant family.

Blood pheasants like to live in coniferous or mixed forests and scrub areas near the snowline. They move their range depending on the seasons. They are found at higher elevations during the summer.

Mal Whitfield

Malvin Greston Whitfield (October 11, 1924 – November 18, 2015) was an American former athlete and goodwill ambassador. He was the Olympic champion in the 800 metres at the 1948 and 1952 Summer Olympics. Overall, he is a five-time Olympic medalist (three gold, one silver, one bronze).

Whitfield was born in Bay City, Texas. He moved at age 4 to Watts, Los Angeles. He joined the United States Army Air Forces in 1943 as a member of the Tuskegee Airmen. After World War II he remained in the military, but also enrolled at the Ohio State University. He served inn the Korean War. Whitfield died under hospice care in Washington, D.C. on the night of November 18, 2015 from heart failure, aged 91.


Abdelhamid Abaaoud

Abdelhamid Abaaoud (8 April 1987 – 18 November 2015) was a Belgian Islamic terrorist. He spent his early years in a nicer household, went to a private college and decided to join ISIS After his family advised against his decision. After which His Family disowned him stating that they hope That He was dead .He was suspected of having organized multiple terror attacks in Belgium and France, including the November 2015 Paris attacks. He also went by the names Abou Omar Soussi (, meaning "from Sous", his Moroccan family's place of origin) and Abou Omar el-Beljiki (, meaning Abou Omar the Belgian).

On 18 November French authorities conducted a raid which ended in the injury of five police officers, two deaths and five arrests. The raid took place in the suburb of Saint-Denis, near Paris, and targeted Abaaoud. Abaaoud was one of those who died in the raid.

Battery (crime)

Battery is the intentional and offensive or harmful contact with another person. The exact definition varies by jurisdiction. In criminal law the elements of battery are physical contact that causes harm or offensive contact without that person's consent. Battery is often confused with assault which is threatening battery. Battery is when the threat (assault) is carried out and the person is harmed in some way. Criminal battery and civil battery may be the same or differ slightly depending on jurisdiction. In many cases the act of battery can result in both criminal and civil .

Civil battery is a tort. It is a wrong committed against another person that results in damage. It is also called an intentional tort. In most cases they are the result of negligence, caused by or recklessness. The person on whom the battery was committed, the victim, may bring a lawsuit in court to collect monetary damages. 

Criminal battery is the result of breaking a law regarding harming another person. Criminal cases are prosecuted by the state. There are four elements to criminal battery:
If all four elements can be proved, a "prima facie" case exists to go ahead and prosecute the offender.

In most cases the civil lawsuit follows a criminal trial. A person found not-guilty in a criminal trial does not prevent the victim from filing a civil suit. The burden of proof is usually lower in a civil court than in a criminal court.

When a court refers to 'battery', what is usually meant is simple battery. Simple battery is more often a misdemeanor. The elements of simple battery include:

Aggravated battery is more serious than simple battery. In most jurisdictions aggravated battery is a felony. What defines aggravated battery can vary, but most often in includes:

Salatyn Asgarova

Salatyn Aziz qizi Asgarova (; ; 16 December 1961 – 9 January 1991) is a National Hero of Azerbaijan. She was one of the Azerbaijani journalists killed in the Nagorno-Karabakh War.

A Baku street and a ship in the Caspian Sea are named after her.

A monument in her memory was erected at Tafakkur University in Baku.

She was given the National Hero title after her death. Salatyn was buried in the Martyrs' Lane in Baku.

Shadi Sadr

Shadi Sadr (; born 1974) is an Iranian human rights lawyer, journalist, and activist for women's rights. In 2010 Sadr received the International Women of Courage Award.

Shadi Sadr was born in Tehran, Iran in 1974. She studied law, and she received a master's degree in international law from Tehran University in 1999. In 2009, Sadr went to live in Germany.

Sadr is an expert on women's legal rights in Iran. She was director of Raahi, a legal advice center for women. It is now closed. Sadr also started "Women in Iran", a website about women's rights in Iran. As a lawyer, she defended several women activists and journalists in court, after they were sentenced to death.

Sadr worked to stop capital punishment by stoning, especially of women. The name of this project was "End Stoning Forever". This project was started by "Women's Field", a women's rights group. 

After the Bam earthquake in 2003, Sadr helped collect food and supplies for women and children in the area.

Sadr was the defense lawyer for Shiva Nazar Ahari, a human rights activist and member of the Committee of Human Rights Reporters. Nazar Ahari was arrested on 14 June 2009. and is believed to be in Evin Prison.

In March 2007, the Iranian government arrested 33 women, including Shadi Sadr. The women were protesting against the trial of five women who demonstrated for women's rights in the One Million Signatures protest of 12 June 2006. Sadr was in jail for fifteen days. Then she was freed on bail with Mahbubeh Abbasgholizadeh.

On 17 July 2009, Shadi Sadr was arrested again. She was going to Friday prayers with other female activists. Some military men in civilian clothes stopped her. They did not say who they were. They beat her and put her in a car. She got away, but they got her again and put her in the car again. Then they took her somewhere, although she did not know where they took her, she was later able to call her husband. She was released 11 days later on July 28, 2009.





Neurosecretion

Neurosecretion is when nerve cells make, store and release hormones. 

The hormonal system of the body is almost entirely controlled by the central nervous system. It normally does this by sending nerve impulses down axons to a gland. However, some special nerve cells can make hormones themselves, and deliver them to glands which act as storage organs. The neurons of the neuroendocrine system are large; they are mini factories for producing secretory products. These cells are called neurosecretory cells, and they make neurohormones.

Most neurohormones are secreted from nerve cells in the hypothalamus of the brain which (either immediately, or after storage) circulate in the blood. They are similar to normal endocrine cells and glands because they regulate both endocrine and nonendocrine cells. 

There are also neuroendocrine cells in the adrenal glands, which are just above the kidneys. They are called chromaffin cells, and they release epinephrine (adrenaline) and norepinephrine (noradrenaline).

Ironclad warship

An ironclad is a ship protected by iron or steel armor plates. The first recorded use of an ironclad was during the Japanese invasion of Korea. Western use of ironclads began about the second half of the 19th century. The Western ironclad was developed because up to then wooden warships were easily damaged by explosive or incendiary shells.

In 1592 Admiral Yi-Sun put armor plates on his "tortoise-ships". These protected the sides and top from bullets, arrows and fire. This allowed his small fleet to be victorious in several battles with the ese fleet. The first Western ironclad battleship, "Gloire", was launched by the French Navy in November 1859. The British Admiralty had been considering armored warships since 1856. They prepared a draft design for an armored corvette in 1857. In early 1859 the Royal Navy started building two iron-hulled armored frigates, and by 1861 had made the decision to move to an all-armored battle fleet. After the first clashes of ironclads (both with wooden ships and with one another) took place in 1862 during the American Civil War. It became clear that the ironclad had replaced the unarmored ship of the line as the most powerful warship afloat. This type of ship would come to be very successful in the American Civil War.

By the 1870s, ironclads were the main warships of the world's most powerful Navies. But the ironclad era only lasted about 50 years. By the 1890s most sailing ironclads had been replaced by modern battleships.

Noble orchid

The Noble Orchid ("Cymbidium goeringii") is a cold hardy evergreen Orchid. It is a plant that blooms in the spring. Its petals are green, yellow-green or brown. It has pseudobulbs found below ground. The leaves are long and grass-like with serrated s. It is found growing as far north as Okushiri Island (42 degrees north latitude). It can stand freezing temperatures over the winter months. It has been grown in China for over 2500 years, dating back before the time of Confucius. In Japan it has been cultivated for several hundred years. In Europe the earliest records date it to 1780.

Ahmad

Ahmad(Phonetic spelling:Ah-mad), also spelt Ahmed and Ahmet, is an Arabic word meaning "highly praised". The spelings are Ahmad, Ahmet and Ahmed.Ahmad's popularity ranking in 2021 is 688.

It is used in Arabic countries like Somalia, Djibouti, Algeria, and Saudi Arabia.


Fred Tatasciore

Fred Tatasciore (born June 15, 1967) is an American voice actor who has done many voice over works in films, shows and video games.


Beata Szydło

Beata Maria Szydło (*15th April 1963 in Oświęcim, Poland) - is a Polish politician, deputy of Parliament of Poland since 2005. She became Prime Minister of Poland on 16 November 2015. She's a member of Prawo i Sprawiedliwość (Law and Justice). She left the Prime Minister office on 11 December 2017 and was replaced by Mateusz Morawiecki.

In 1987 Szydło finished studies in ethnography at The Jagiellonian University in Kraków. From 1989 until 1995 she was a PhD student. In 1997 she finished postgraduate studies for managers of culture at Warsaw School of Economics. In 2001 she finished Cracow University of Economics - management of local government in the European Union.

In 2004 she participated in the International Visitor Leadership Program.

In 1998 she became mayor of community Gmina Brzeszcze. In 2005 she joined Prawo i Sprawiedliwość (Law and Justice) and she was elected the deputy of Polish parliament. She renewed parliamentary mandate in 2007.

In the 2011 parliamentary election Szydło remained the position of deputy. She received 43 612 votes. She renewed mandate in 2015. She was designated as the candidate for Prime Minister of Poland.

On 13 November 2015, the President of Poland Andrzej Duda nominated Szydło for Prime Minister of Poland. On 16 November she was established for the position. On 18 November her government received a vote of confidence and she delivered an exposé. In December 2017, she was replaced by Mateusz Morawiecki as Prime Minister.

Nuremberg principles

The Nuremberg principles were a set of s for determining what constitutes a war crime. The document was created by the International Law Commission of the United Nations to codify the legal principles underlying the Nuremberg Trials of Nazi party members following World War II.

"Any person who commits an act which constitutes a crime under international law is responsible therefor and to punishment."

"The fact that internal law does not impose a penalty for an act which constitutes a crime under international law does not relieve the person who committed the act from responsibility under international law."

"The fact that a person who committed an act which constitutes a crime under international law acted as Head of State or responsible government official does not relieve him from responsibility under international law."

"The fact that a person acted pursuant to (an) order of his government or of a superior does not relieve him from responsibility under international law, provided a moral choice was in fact possible to him".

Before the time of the Nuremberg Trials, this defense was called "Superior Orders". After the Nuremberg Trials, that defense is now referred to by many as the "Nuremberg Defense". More recently a third term, "lawful orders", has been used for the same defense. 

"Any person charged with a crime under international law has the right to a fair trial on the facts and law."

"The crimes hereinafter set out are punishable as crimes under international law: 

"Complicity in the commission of a crime against peace, a war crime, or a crime against humanity as set forth in Principle VI is a crime under international law."


Codification (law)

In law, codification is the process of collecting and restating the law of a jurisdiction. They are listed, usually by subject, forming a legal code (a codex or book of law). Codification is the defining feature of civil law jurisdictions.

Ancient Sumer's Code of Ur-Nammu was compiled 2100-2050 BC. It is the earliest known surviving civil code. Three centuries later, the Babylonian king Hammurabi enacted the set of laws named after him.

Religious laws such as the Torah were codified. Important codifications were developed in the ancient Roman Empire, with the compilations of the Lex Duodecim Tabularum. Much later the Corpus Iuris Civilis was assembled. These codified laws were the exceptions rather than the rule. During much of ancient history the Roman laws were left mostly uncodified.

The first "permanent" system of codified laws could be found in China. This was with the compilation of the "Tang Code" in AD 624. This formed the basis of the Chinese criminal code. This was then replaced by the "Great Qing Legal Code". This code was in turn abolished in 1912 following the Xinhai Revolution and the establishment of the Republic of China. The new laws of the Republic of China were inspired by the German codified work, the "Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch". A very influential example in Europe was the French Napoleonic code of 1804.

Another early system of laws is Hindu law framed by Manu and called as Manu Smriti. They date back to the 2nd century BC. The use of civil codes in Islamic Sharia law began with the Ottoman Empire in the 16th century AD.

Armand (singer)

Herman George van Loenhout (10 April 1946 – 19 November 2015), better known as Armand, was a Dutch protest singer. He was born in Eindhoven. His greatest hit song was "Ben ik te min" (""Am I not worthy?""). He mostly sang songs about legalizing marijuana in The Netherlands.

Armand died in Eindhoven of pneumonia at the age of 69.

Kitanoumi Toshimitsu

Kitanoumi Toshimitsu (北の湖敏満 "Obata Toshimitsu"; May 16, 1953 – November 20, 2015) was a Japanese sumo wrestler. He was the dominant "yokozuna" in sumo during the 1970s. Kitanoumi was promoted to "yokozuna" at age 21, becoming the youngest ever to achieve sumo's top rank, and he remained a "yokozuna" for a record 63 tournaments. 

He won 24 tournament championships during his career. Following his retirement in 1985 he established Kitanoumi stable. He was chairman of the Japan Sumo Association from 2002 until 2008, and from 2012 until his death. 

Kitanoumi died of multiple organ failure caused by colorectal cancer on the evening of November 20, 2015, aged 62. He was in Fukuoka for the Kyushu tournament and was taken to hospital for anemia in the morning, after which his condition deteriorated.


Keith Michell

Keith Michell (1 December 1926 – 20 November 2015) was an Australian actor. He was best known for his television and movie roles as King Henry VIII of England. He was born in Adelaide, South Australia, Australia. Michell made appearances on the mystery series "Murder, She Wrote", playing Dennis Stanton. He was the artistic director of the Chichester Festival Theatre from 1974 to 1977.

Michell died on 20 November 2015 in London, England of a heart attack, aged 88.

Allen E. Ertel

Allen Edward Ertel (November 7, 1936 – November 19, 2015) was an American politician. He was a member of the Democratic Party. He was born in Williamsport, Pennsylvania. He was a former member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Pennsylvania serving from January 3, 1977 through January 3, 1983. He lost re-election to Republican George Gekas in an upset election.

Ertel died from a heart attack in Williamsport, Pennsylvania, aged 79.

A Head Full of Dreams

A Head Full of Dreams is the seventh hit studio album by rock-pop band Coldplay. Coldplay recorded "A Head Full of Dreams" from summer 2014 to autumn 2015. The single "Adventure of a Lifetime" is featured in the album. The album was released on December 4, 2015.


John Langdon

John Langdon (June 26, 1741September 18, 1819) was an American politician. He was one of the Founding Fathers of the United States. He served as a delegate to the Constitutional Convention signed the United States Constitution.

He was a politician born in Portsmouth, New Hampshire. He was one of the first two United States senators from that state. Langdon was an early supporter of the Revolutionary War and served in the Continental Congress.

After being in Congress for 12 years, including serving as the first president pro tempore of the Senate. Langdon became governor of New Hampshire. He turned down a nomination for vice presidential candidate in 1812.

Langdon died in Portsmouth, New Hampshire from pneumonia at the age of 78.


Balakh Sher Mazari

Sardar Mir Balakh Sher Mazari () (8 July 1928 – 4 November 2022) was a Pakistani politician. He served as the Prime Minister of Pakistan from 18 April 1993 through 26 May 1993. He replaced Nawaz Sharif.

Ameen Faheem

Makhdoom Muhammad Ameen Faheem (; "alt. spelling": Amin Fahim; 4 August 1939 – 21 November 2015), was an Pakistani populist left-wing figure and a poet and Spiritual leader, He was the senior vice-chairman of Pakistan Peoples Party. He was also the chairman of Pakistan People's Party Parliamentarians and former chairman of Alliance for Restoration of Democracy. He served as the Commerce Minister of Pakistan serving from 3 November 2008 through 16 March 2013.

born on August 4, 1939 in Hala Sindh, Pakistan, was the eldest son of Makhdoom Muhammad Zaman,
Faheem died on 21 November 2015 from leukemia after being admitted to a hospital in Karachi, Pakistan under ICU at the age of 76.

Tamarillo

Tamarillo is a shrub or tree in the flowering species Solanaceae. It bears an egg-shaped edible fruit, also called a tamarillo. The fruit is about 4-10 centimeters long. The taste is similar to that of a tomato, but with less sweet and more of a salty flavour.

The tamarillo is native to the Andes of Ecuador, Colombia, Peru, Chile, and Bolivia.

French national volleyball team

The France national men's volleyball team is the national volleyball team of France. It represents France in international competitions and friendly matches. It has been the reigning European Champion since 2015. It is ranked 10th (as of August 2016) in the FIVB World Ranking after playing in the 2016 Rio Olympics.

 Champions   Runners up   Third place   Fourth place
 Champions   Runners up   Third place   Fourth place

 Champions   Runners up   Third place   Fourth place
 Champions   Runners up   Third place   Fourth place
The following is the French roster in the 2019 Men's Nations League.

Head coach: Laurent Tillie





Great Wall

The Great Walls are the largest known structures in the universe. They are based on data set mapping of gamma-ray bursts (GRBs). The mapping found an unusually high concentration of similarly distanced GRBs in certain areas.

Structures larger than 1,200,000,000 light years are incompatible with the cosmological principle according to all estimates.

Cosmological principle

In modern physical cosmology, the cosmological principle is a prediction based on the idea that the universe is about the same in all places when viewed on a large scale.

Forces are expected to act uniformly throughout the universe. There should, therefore, be no observable irregularities in the large scale structure. The structure is the result of the evolution of the matter field after the Big Bang.

Astronomer William Keel explains:

The cosmological principle is usually stated formally as 'Viewed on a sufficiently large scale, the properties of the universe are the same for all observers.' This amounts to the strongly philosophical statement that the part of the universe which we can see is a fair sample, and that the same physical laws apply throughout.

The two testable consequences of the cosmological principle are homogeneity and isotropy. Homogeneity means that the same observational evidence is available to observers at different locations in the universe ("the part of the universe which we can see is a fair sample"). Isotropy means that the same observational evidence is available by looking in any direction in the universe ("the same physical laws apply throughout"). The principles are closely related, because a universe that appears isotropic from any two (for a spherical geometry, three) locations must also be homogeneous.

Innervisions

Innervisions is the sixteenth studio album by American musician Stevie Wonder. It was released August 3, 1973 by Tamla. Wonder would release his next album "Fulfillingness' First Finale" the following year. All of the songs on "Innverisions" were written by Wonder.

"Innervisions" received positive reviews from music critics.

All songs written, produced, and arranged by Stevie Wonder.



Lube Volleyball Club

Cucine Lube Civitanova is a professional volleyball team based in Civitanova Marche, Italy. Since 1995, the club has been playing in Serie A of Italian Volleyball League. Club won Italian Championship three times, Italian Cup four-times, Italian SuperCup three-times, CEV Champions League in 2002, 2019, CEV Cup in 2002, 2005, 2006, CEV Challenge Cup 2011 and FIVB Men's Club World Volleyball Championship in 2019.



25 (Adele album)

25 is the third studio album by English singer-songwriter Adele. It was released on November 20, 2015. There are eleven tracks on the album. The lead single from the album, "Hello", was released on October 23, 2015. It reached number one in the UK, US, Canada, and Australia. It was number one across Europe including Germany, France, Russia and Italy. It hit number ten in Japan. "25" marks Adele's return to music after her recording of the Bond theme "Skyfall" in 2012, along with the birth of her son Angelo that year. She has worked with producers who have worked with Pink, Kelly Clarkson, Britney Spears, and Taylor Swift. She also worked with Bruno Mars on the song "All I Ask". Five other songs charted from the album on the "Billboard" Hot 100, even though they were not released as singles at the time. They were "Send My Love (To Your New Lover)", "When We Were Young", "Remedy", "All I Ask", and "Water Under the Bridge".

"25" has officially broken the record for the most albums sold in a week in the US by selling 3.38 million copies. It has gone on to sell over 4 million copies in the US alone after only two weeks of release. The album has been certified Diamond in the United States for sales and streams of more than 10 million copies in that country alone. The album was not made available on streaming sites such as Spotify and Apple Music. On November 20, 2016, a year after "25" was released, "Billboard" reported that the album sold over 9.1 million copies in the US alone, not including any streams of the album.

Adele has stated that "25" was a "make-up record," compared to her previous album, "21", being a "breakup record." The song "Sweetest Devotion" was written about her son Angelo, who was born in October 2012.

On December 14, 2015, "Billboard" said that "When We Were Young" has been chosen as the second single from "25". When this was announced, the song had charted as high as number 22 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 and reached number 14. It has been certified Platinum in the United States.

The third single, "Send My Love (To Your New Lover)", was released on May 16, 2016. The music video premiered at the 2016 "Billboard" Music Awards on May 22, where "25" won the award for Top "Billboard" 200 Album. "Send My Love" reached number eight on the "Billboard" Hot 100 in the US and the top five in the UK. It was certified Platinum in the United States.

The fourth single, "Water Under the Bridge", was released on November 4, 2016. So far, it reached number 51 on the "Billboard" Hot 100.

"25" won two awards at the 59th Annual Grammy Awards in 2017 for Best Pop Vocal Album and Album of the Year.

2017 — 59th Annual Grammy Awards


Aswan Dam

Aswan Dam might refer to:

Walter Tull

Walter Daniel John Tull (28 April 1888 – 25 March 1918) was an English professional footballer. He played as an inside forward for Tottenham Hotspur and Northampton Town. He was the second person of mixed race to play in the top division of the Football League. He was the first mixed-race British outfielder in the top division of English football. His professional football career began after he was spotted while playing for his local amateur club, Clapton F.C.. He began playing for Clapton in 1908. Within a few months he had won winners' medals in the FA Amateur Cup, London County Amateur Cup and London Senior Cup. In March 1909 the "Football Star" called him "the catch of the season".

Tull was brought up in a National Children's Home orphanage in Bethnal Green, London, along with his brother. They were placed there following the death of their parents. He joined Tottenham in 1909 and transferred to Northampton Town in 1911, where he made 111 first-team appearances.

During the First World War, Tull served in the Footballers' Battalion of the Middlesex Regiment. He fought in the Battle of the Somme in 1916. Tull was commissioned as a Second Lieutenant on 30 May 1917. This was in spite of the fact there was a ban on black people being given that status.

Tull fought in Italy in 1917–18. He was noted for his "gallantry and coolness" while leading his company of 26 men on a raiding party into enemy territory. He returned to France in 1918. Tull was killed in action on 25 March during the Spring Offensive. His body was never recovered.

Campaigners have called for a statue to be erected in his honour. Northampton South MP Brian Binley has campaigned for Tull to be posthumously awarded the Military Cross. He was honoured with a commemorative plaque in London placed close to where he lived. A Walter Tull commemorative coin is part of a set of £5 coins released by the Royal Mint.

Westfield, Indiana

Westfield is a city in the state of Indiana, in the United States. As of the 2020 census, the population was 46,410.

Moheener Ghoraguli

Moheener Ghoraguli were a Bengali independent music group that became famous in the 1990s. They performed for more than 10 years. They are famous for their lyrical theme. Most of their albums are concept albums, which means every song is linked through a theme. Their first album was the "Shongbigno Pakhikul O Kolkata Bishayak", which was released in 1977. Their latest album is "Khyapar Gaan", which was released in 1999. The band were named actually taken from a poem "Ghora" ('Horses') from the poetry book "Shatti Tarar Timir" by the great modernist Bengali poet Jibanananda Das. In 2008, they played at a concert called Abar Bochhor Tirish Pore. The original line up was Gautam Chattopadhyay, Biswanath Chattopadhyay, Pradip Chattopadhyay, Ranjon Ghoshal, Abraham Mazumdar, Tapas Das and Tapesh Bandopadhyay. They have made some very popular albums including "Shongbigno Pakhikul O Kolkata Bishayak" and "Aabaar Bochhor Kuri Pore".



Trust law

In law a trust is a relationship where property is held by one party for the benefit of another party. A trust is created by the owner, also called a "settlor", "trustor" or "grantor" who transfers property to a trustee. The trustee holds that property for the trust's beneficiaries. Trusts exist mainly in common law jurisdictions. They have existed since Roman times.

When an owner of property places that property into trust, he or she turns over part or all of his or her rights to the trustee. This separates the property's legal ownership and control from its settlor's ownership and benefits. This controls the property and its benefits if the settlor is absent, incapacitated, or dead. Trusts are frequently created in wills, defining how money and property will be handled for children or other beneficiaries.

The trustee is given legal title to the trust property, but has an obligation to act for the good of the beneficiaries. The benefits of the trust belong to the beneficiary. The trustee may be compensated and have expenses reimbursed. But the trustee must otherwise turn over all profits from the trust properties. Trustees who don't do this are self-dealing. Courts can reverse self dealing actions, order profits returned, and impose other sanctions.

The trustee may be either a individual, a company, or a public body. There may be a single trustee or multiple co-trustees. The trust is governed by the terms under which it was created. In most jurisdictions, this requires a contractual trust agreement or deed.

Advantages of a trust may include:

Testamentary trusts transfer property into the trust after the death of the settlor. The trust allows the settlor to specify any conditions and may spread payments from the trust over a period of time. Testamentary trusts are not automatically created when the settlor dies but may be specified in will. Because a testamentary trust is created by a provision of a will, it is necessary for the estate to go through probate.

A living trust may be more complicated than a testamentary trust. Many people use a living trust to avoid probate, although even with a trust a deceased person's estate will often still include assets that must be probated. You also cannot use living trusts to name guardians for your children, but may designate a guardian in your will.

Living trusts may be used to manage property both during the settlor's lifetime and after death. If the settlor becomes incapacitated, disabled by an accident or illness, or is unavailable to manage the property the trustee may manage the property on behalf of the settlor in a manner consistent with the terms of the trust.

Toulouse Business School

Toulouse Business School is a European higher studies establishment. The school is in 5 places, in Paris and Toulouse, France, in the United Kingdom (London), in Spain (Barcelona) and in Morocco (Casablanca), where it is a university. It is one of the oldest business schools in the world, established in 1903. It presents itself as ""Think and Create"".

TBS is well-known for its aviation management degrees in partnership with the French Civil Aviation University.



John Bel Edwards

John Bel Edwards (born September 16, 1966) is an American attorney and Democratic Party politician. He was the Governor of Louisiana from 2016 to 2024. He was elected on November 21, 2015. He was a member of and the Minority Leader of the Louisiana House of Representatives, having represented the 72nd District from 2008 through 2016.

Edwards was born in Amite City, Louisiana. Many of his family members have been police officers, and in the 19th century they owned a lot of slaves. Edwards was an officer in the United States Army then a lawyer before he decided to run for governor.


Joseph Silverstein

Joseph Silverstein (March 21, 1932 – November 22, 2015) was an American violinist and conductor. He was born in Detroit, Michigan.

In 1962, Silverstein became concertmaster of the Boston Symphony Orchestra, a job he held for 22 years. He was appointed assistant conductor in 1971. He was music director of the Utah Symphony from 1983 to 1998. He has served as a professor of violin at the Curtis Institute of Music in Philadelphia.

Silverstein died on November 21, 2015 in Boston, Massachusetts from a heart attack at the age of 83.


Linda Haglund

Linda Haglund (15 June 1956 – 21 November 2015) was a Swedish Olympic sprinter. Her running career would take her to the 1972, 1976 and 1980 Summer Olympics. Haglund had her best Olympic Games showing with a fourth place in the Moscow Games' 100 metres final. 

Haglund died from complications of lung cancer on 21 November 2015, aged 59.

Bob Foster

Robert Lloyd "Bob" Foster (April 27, 1942 – November 21, 2015) was an American light heavyweight and heavyweight professional boxer. 

Foster was born in Borger, Texas. He was raised in Albuquerque, New Mexico.

He was known as "The Deputy Sheriff", Foster was one of the greatest light heavyweight champions in boxing history. He won the undisputed light heavyweight championship from Dick Tiger in 1968 via fourth round knockout, and went on to defend his crown fourteen times in total from 1968 to 1974. Foster challenged heavyweight kings Joe Frazier and Muhammad Ali during his career, but was knocked out by both fighters. He retired from professional boxing in 1978, at the age of 36.

Foster died on November 21, 2015 at a hospital in Albuquerque, New Mexico at the age of 73


Chester W. Nimitz

Chester William Nimitz, Sr. (; February 24, 1885February 20, 1966) was an American fleet admiral of the United States Navy. He played a major role in the naval history of World War II as Commander in Chief, United States Pacific Fleet (CinCPac), for U.S. naval forces and Commander in Chief, Pacific Ocean Areas (CinCPOA), for U.S. and Allied air, land, and sea forces during World War II.

Nimitz was born in Fredericksburg, Texas. He studied at the United States Naval Academy. Nimitz died in Yerba Buena Island, San Francisco, California from pneumonia caused by a stroke, aged 80.



Tower Commission

The Tower Commission was created on 26 November 1986 by U.S. President Ronald Reagan in response to the Iran Contra scandal. Reagan appointed Republican and former Senator John Tower of Texas, former Secretary of State Edmund Muskie, and former National Security Advisor Brent Scowcroft.

The Commission's report, published on 26 February 1987, concluded that CIA Director William Casey, who supported the Iran-Contra arrangement, should have taken over the operation and made the President aware of the risks and notified Congress as legally required. 

The Commission's work was continued by the Congressional Committees Investigating The Iran-Contra Affair, which were formed in January 1987 and published a report in November 1987; and by Independent Counsel Lawrence Walsh, appointed 1 December 1986 and publishing a final report in 1993.

Oskar Fischer

Oskar Fischer (19 March 1923 – 2 April 2020) was an East German politician. He was Minister of Foreign Affairs of the German Democratic Republic from 1975 to 1990. Fischer was the first member of the East German cabinet to visit Pope John Paul II at the Vatican in 1978. He was born in Aš, Czechoslovakia.

Fischer died on 2 April 2020 in Berlin, aged 97.

Allan MacEachen

Allan Joseph MacEachen, OC (July 6, 1921 – September 12, 2017) was a Canadian politician. He was born in Inverness, Nova Scotia. He was the first Deputy Prime Minister of Canada, serving from 1977 to 1979 and 1980 to 1984 during Pierre Trudeau tenure as prime minister. In 2008, he was made an Officer of the Order of Canada.

MacEachen died on September 12, 2017 at the age of 96.


Dhawalagiri Zone

Dhawalagiri () was one of the fourteen administrative zones of Nepal. According to the 2001 census, it had a population of 556,191.



Trentino Volley

Trentino Volley is a professional volleyball team based in Trento, in northern Italy. It has played in the Italian Volleyball League without interruption since 2000. It has won the Italian Volleyball League (four times), the Italian Cup, the Italian Super Cup, the CEV Champions League (three consecutive times) and the FIVB Men's Club World Volleyball Championship (a record four consecutive times). In the 2010–11 season it won national, continental and world championships. It is the first and only team in volleyball history to have done that.

Culex

Culex (also called the common house mosquito) is a genus of mosquitoes. It includes several species of mosquitoes that vector (carry and transmit) one or more important diseases between birds, humans and other animals. The diseases they vector include West Nile virus, as well as arbovirus and filariasis infections. A connection between Culex mosquitoes and malaria was first shown by Major Ronald Ross of the British Army. Ross received a Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 1902 for his work.

<br>

Eulerian path

Eulerian path is a notion from graph theory. A eulerian path in a graph is one that visits each edge of the graph once only. A Eulerian circuit or Eulerian cycle is an Eulerian path which starts and ends on the same vertex.

Fulfillingness' First Finale

Fulfillingness' First Finale is the seventeenth studio album by American musician Stevie Wonder. It was released on July 22, 1974 by Tamla. Wonder would release his next album "Songs in the Key of Life" in 1976, two years after "Fulfillingness' First Finale".

"Fulfillingness' First Finale" received generally positive reviews from music critics.



2007.

"Billboard Chart information by Billboard VNU eMedia"

Songs in the Key of Life

Songs in the Key of Life is the eighteenth studio album by American recording artist Stevie Wonder. It was released on September 28, 1976, by Tamla.

"Songs in the Key of Life" received generally positive reviews from critics.









The "A Something's Extra" 7" extended play was included with the special-edition version of the original LP. These tracks are also on most CD versions of the album, as well as the Blu-ray Audio. They were either split between both discs or added to the end of the second disc.




Hohmann transfer orbit

In orbital mechanics, a Hohmann transfer orbit moves a spacecraft between orbiting heights. It is the most fuel-efficient method to do so, because the spacecraft is not trying to escape the planet's gravity, using an elliptical orbit for the transfer. 

A ship using this would have to apply two velocities, one to enter the elliptical orbit, and one to enter the second orbit. 

Assuming the mass of the spacecraft is much lower than that of the orbiting planet, the two velocities, formula_1 and formula_2, can be solved for as:formula_3formula_4where 




Mauricio Macri

Mauricio Macri (; born 8 February 1959) is an Argentine civil engineer, businessman and politician who was the 56th President of Argentina from 2015 to 2019. He was the Mayor of Buenos Aires serving from 10 December 2007 through 10 December 2015.

On 22 November 2015, after a tie in the first round of presidential elections on 25 October, Macri won the first ballotage in Argentina's history, beating Front for Victory candidate Daniel Scioli and becoming president-elect. He was inaugurated on 10 December 2015.

Running for president when the Argentine economy was not performing well, Macri campaigned on a platform of change, and promised to pass free market reforms of the economy. Macri made major economic changes as soon as he entered office, hoping to help create jobs. He also is changing the country's foreign policy. While the president that came before him, Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner, had criticized the United States' policies, Macri has improved relations. In 2016, Barack Obama visited Argentina. The two talked about improving relations, issues in the hemisphere, and an apology from the United States for its support of the dictatorship in Argentina (as well as in several other Latin American countries) in the 1970s and 80s.

Macri has been critical of the government of Nicolas Maduro, and feels that the Venezuelan President is undemocratic and oppressive.

Macri lost his re-election bid in the 2019 election to Alberto Fernández and left office on 10 December 2019.



Selwa Roosevelt

Selwa Carmen Showker “Lucky” Roosevelt (born January 13, 1929) is a retired-American civil servant. She served as Chief of Protocol of the United States for almost seven years from 1982 through 1989 during the Ronald Reagan presidency. She was married to, Archibald Bulloch Roosevelt, Jr., the grandson of President Theodore Roosevelt.

James W. Symington

James Wadsworth Symington (; born September 28, 1927) is an American attorney and politician. He served as four-term member of the U.S. House of Representatives from 1969 to 1977, representing Missouri for the Democratic Party. His father was United States senator Stuart Symington. He was born in Rochester, New York.


Cavit Şadi Pehlivanoğlu

Cavit Şadi Pehlivanoğlu (1927 – 21 November 2015) was a Turkish statesman. He served as a legislator of the Grand National Assembly of Turkey for three terms between 1961 through 1996. He was the first as a member of Justice Party (Turkey) and then as the Vice President of Motherland Party (Turkey), that he founded together with President Turgut Özal and others.

Pehlivanoğlu died on November 21, 2015 in Ordu, Turkey from complications of pneumonia, aged 88.

Norman Tebbit

Norman Beresford Tebbit, Baron Tebbit, CH, PC (born 29 March 1931) is a British politician. A member of the Conservative Party, he served in the Cabinet from 1981 to 1987 as Secretary of State for Employment (1981–83), Secretary of State for Trade and Industry (1983–85), Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster (1985–87) and Chairman of the Conservative Party (1985–87). 

He was a member of parliament (MP) from 1970 to 1992, representing the constituencies of Epping (1970–74) and Chingford (1974–92).


Douglas Hurd

Douglas Richard Hurd, Baron Hurd of Westwell (born 8 March 1930) is a British Conservative politician. He served in the governments of Margaret Thatcher and John Major from 1979 to 1995.

He was born in the market town of Marlborough in Wiltshire. Hurd first entered Parliament in February 1974 as MP for the Mid Oxfordshire constituency (Witney from 1983). His first government post was as Minister for Europe from 1979 to 1983 (being that office's inaugural holder) and he served in several Cabinet roles since 1984. 

His jobs include Secretary of State for Northern Ireland (1984–85), Home Secretary (1985–89) and Foreign Secretary (1989–95). He stood unsuccessfully for the Conservative Party leadership in 1990, but retired from frontline politics during a Cabinet reshuffle in 1995.

In 1997, Hurd was elevated to the House of Lords and is one of the Conservative Party's most senior elder statesmen. He is a patron of the Tory Reform Group and remains an active figure in public life.


Herbert Scarf

Herbert Eli Scarf (July 25, 1930 – November 15, 2015) was an American economist and professor emeritus of Economics at Yale University (2010-2015). 

He was a member of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences, the National Academy of Sciences and the American Philosophical Society. He served as the president of the Econometric Society in 1983. He received both the Frederick Lanchester Award in 1973 and the John von Neumann Medal in 1983 from the Operations Research Society of America and was elected as a Distinguished Fellow of the American Economic Association in 1991.

Scarf was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. He studied at Princeton University and at Temple University. Scarf died at his home in Sag Harbor, New York from heart failure, aged 85.


Yoram Tsafrir

Yoram Tsafrir (30 January 1938 in Kfar Azar – 23 November 2015) was an Israeli archaeologist. His research has included the Byzantine influence on ancient synagogues, demography of Palestine in the Byzantine period. He led excavations at Beit She'an, and at Rehoboth. He was Professor Emeritus in the University of Hebrew, University of Jerusalem, and in the Institute of Archaeology. He was a member of the Israel Academy of Sciences and Humanities.

Tsafrir died in a hospital in Jerusalem, Israel from a heart attack at the age of 77.

Litchfield, Maine

Litchfield is a town in Kennebec County, Maine, United States. The population was 3,586 at the 2020 census. Litchfield is included in the Augusta, Maine micropolitan area.

Litchfield was incorporated in 1795. It was originally known as Smithtown Plantation.


North Pole, Idaho

North Pole is a small unincorporated community in the U.S. state of Idaho.

Kostandin Shpataraku

Kostandin Shpataraku (flourished 1736–67) was an Albanian painter of 18th century. 

Kostandin Shpataraku was born in Valesh village in the Shpat region of Albania. The region is located in the southern highland of Elbasan, Albania, in today's Gjinar which was originally in the Ottoman Empire.

Shpataraku was a painter in the Orthodox tradition of icons and Byzantine church frescoes, active between 1736 and 1767. His works combine Byzantine tradition and Italian Renaissance influences.

Shpataraku was beheaded by the Ottomans in Elbasan. His family took his body and buried him in his village with his head apart from the rest of the body, so the Ottomans could not find his exact grave. A small chapel was built later to commemorate him. He is also commemorated as a saint by the locals, on September 21.

Many of his icons are in Ardenica Monastery, St. Jovan Vladimir's Church near Elbasan, Vithkuq, and in the "Museum of Medieval Art" in Korce. Many of his works belong to private collections.


Elastin

Elastin is part of connective tissue. It is an elastic protein which allows many tissues in the body to go back to their shape after stretching or contracting. Elastin helps skin return to its original position when handled. Elastin is also used in places where mechanical energy is stored. 

Elastin is important in blood vessels because it helps blood to flow. It is common in large elastic blood vessels such as the aorta. Elastin is also very important in the lungs, ligaments, the skin, the bladder, and elastic cartilage. It is present in all vertebrates above the jawless fish.

In humans, elastin is encoded by the "ELN" gene.

Icterid

The Icteridae are a family of small to medium-sized New World songbirds. They are usually brightly colored. Most species have black as a main plumage color, often enlivened by yellow, orange or red. The family is extremely varied in size, shape, behavior and coloration. 

This group includes the New World blackbirds, New World orioles, the bobolink, meadowlarks, grackles, cowbirds, oropendolas and caciques. They are only distantly related to the Old World common blackbird (which is a thrush) or the Old World orioles.

Icterids are unusual in songbirds because they have considerable sexual dimorphism. For example, the male great-tailed grackle is 60% heavier than the female. The smallest icterid species is the orchard oriole, in which the female averages 15 cm in length (6 in) and in weight, while the largest is the Amazonian oropendola, the male of which measures and weighs about . This variation in size is greater than usual in passerine families. 

One unusual adaptation shared by the icterids is gaping, where the skull allows them to open their bills strongly rather than passively. This lets them force open gaps to get at hidden food.

Amanda Holden

Amanda Holden (born 16 February 1971) is an English television personality, actress, singer and presenter. She is best known as a judge on "Britain's Got Talent" on ITV. 

She played Mel in the TV series "Kiss Me Kate". She also played Geraldine Titley in the TV comedy-drama series "The Grimleys". Furthermore, Holden appeared in "Smack the Pony", "EastEnders", "Celeb", "Hearts and Bones" and "Cutting It".

Holden was born in Portsmouth, Hampshire, England.


Thoroughly Modern Millie (musical)

Thoroughly Modern Millie is a 2002 musical, with lyrics by Dick Scanlan and music by Jeanine Tesori. It is based on the 1967 movie of the same name. It is about a girl from Kansas, Millie Dillmount, who comes to New York City in the 1920s to marry for money rather than love. Millie begins to soon take delight in the flapper lifestyle. However, problems arise when she checks into a hotel owned by a the leader of a white slavery ring in China.

Thoroughly Modern Millie is a pastiche musical, imitating the style of the original movie. It won a 2002 Tony Award for best musical. It played in London and New York City.

Looking Back (Stevie Wonder album)

Looking Back, and also called Anthology, is a triple LP anthology by American musician Stevie Wonder. It was released on November 30, 1977 on Motown Records.

Since its release as a 12-inch triple LP, it has not been made available on a CD or download. It is considered to be a limited edition. The album has 40 songs from Wonder's early period (1962 - 1971).








Stevie Wonder's Journey through the Secret Life of Plants

Stevie Wonder's Journey Through "The Secret Life of Plants" is an album by Stevie Wonder, originally released on the Tamla label on October 30, 1979. It was also the soundtrack to the documentary "The Secret Life of Plants", directed by Walon Green.

"Stevie Wonder's Journey Through "The Secret Life of Plants""' received mixed reviews from critics.

"All songs written, produced and arranged by Stevie Wonder, except where noted."


Mýa

Mýa Marie Harrison (born October 10, 1979) () is an American singer, songwriter, dancer and actress. She first became famous in 1998 with her debut album "Mýa". She is best known for the 2001 cover of the famous R&B song "Lady Marmalade".

Mýa is a native of Washington, D.C. She is one of three children. Her father, Sherman, was an African-American musician and singer. He played in several bands near where they lived. Her Italian-American mother, Theresa, worked as an accountant. As a child, Mýa would pretend she was Michael Jackson and would sing into a wooden spoon and pretended it was a microphone. 

Mýa sometimes was bullied because of her ethnic background. She would say 
There was a time in my life when I wasn't popular and accepted by kids in school. I was made fun of with braces and kinky hair, and being from a multicultural family, etcetera... And it really hurts when you're that age, but later when you get something of your own or you get involved in activities like a sport, you begin to be accepted for what you do, and your personality and who you are, instead of your clothes and how you look and the name designer brands you have on.




Mýa (album)

Mýa is the self-titled debut studio album by American recording artist Mýa. It was her first studio album for then-record label Interscope Records released April 21, 1998. When the album was released Mýa was a teenager.

"Mýa" received mixed reviews when it was released.

Moodring

Moodring is the third studio album by American recording artist Mýa. It was her last studio album for then joint record label A&M and Interscope Records, released on July 22, 2003.

"Moodring" received generally positive reviews from music critics.

Varduhi Varderesyan

Varduhi Varderesyan (; 19 March 1928 – 24 November, 2015) was an Romanian-born Armenian actress. She was born in Bucharest, Romania. In 2002 she was declared an honorary citizen of Yerevan. She was known for her roles in "Looking for the Addressee", "Northern Rainbow", "Hayrik", and in "The Journey".

Varderesyan died in Yerenvan, Armenia at the age of 87.


Manmeet Bhullar

Manmeet Singh Bhullar (March 1, 1980 – November 23, 2015) was a Canadian politician. He was a member of the Legislative Assembly of Alberta who represented the constituency of Calgary-Greenway as a Progressive Conservative. He served as a cabinet minister from 2011 until the defeat of the Progressive Conservative government in 2015.

Bhullar became the first turbaned Sikh to hold a ministerial position after he was appointed to Cabinet as Minister of Service Alberta on October 12, 2011.

Bhullar died in a motor vehicle collision north of Red Deer, Alberta while driving from Calgary to Edmonton on the Queen Elizabeth II highway, on November 23, 2015 at the age of 35. Bhullar had stopped to assist a driver involved in a collision and sustained fatal injuries after he was struck by a semi truck that had lost control descending a hill.

Ann Njogu

Ann Njogu is a lawyer and activist from Kenya. In 2010, she received the International Women of Courage Award. 

Njogu is the director of the Centre for Rights Education and Awareness. The center made a record of violence based on gender after the December 2007 Kenyan elections. Njogu was also a leader in the Multi-Sectoral Committee on Constitutional Reform, the Joint Dialogue Forum on Constitutional Reform, and a delegate to the Bomas National Conference on Constitutional Reforms. These groups worked for better government.

Njogu helped write the law for Kenya’s Sexual Offenses Act. This act became law in 2006.

This law protects women from sexual and gender based violence. It helps abused women to find justice Njogu also gave counseling and support to the victims of sexual and gender-based violence. Njogu started centers to give information, legal aid, counseling and psychosocial support to women. The centers are all over the country. The first center was in Kibera slum. 

In 2007, Njogu wanted a review of the salaries of the members of parliament. Kenya is very poor, but the members of parliament received a lot of money. The police attacked Njogu and took her to jail. Njoogu and the others who were arrested filed a Constitutional reference. It was called "Ann Njogu and others versus the State." It said the police could not keep a Kenyan citizen in jail for more than 24 hours.

In 2008, Njokgu helped to start the Civil Society Congress. This group worked for better government after the 2007 Kenyan election. In 2008 Njogu said there might be corrupttion in the sale of the Grand Regency Hotel. The police arrested Njokgu and they beat her. 

Njogu received a 2010 International Women of Courage Award from the U.S. Department of State.



Lee Ae-ran

Lee Ae-ran (Hangul = 이애란; Revised Romanization = I Aeran; McCune–Reischauer = Ri Aeran) (born 1964) is a South Korean activist. In 2010 she received the International Women of Courage Award.

Lee's grandparents left North Korea to go to South Korea. The government of North Korea sent Lee and her family to a labor camp. She was in jail for eight years. In 1997, a family member in America wrote a book. The book said Lee's father worked against North Korea, so Lee ran away to South Korea.

Lee studied the subject of food and nutrition at Ewha Womans University. In 2009, she received a PhD.

In 2005, Lee started the Global Leadership Scholarship Program. The program gives scholarships to students from North Korea to learn English.

In 2008, Lee ran for a seat in the National Assembly. She was the first North Korean defector to do this.

In 2009, Lee started the Hana Defector Women's Organization. The NGO helps North Korean women who live in South Korea. The women receive job training, childcare, help with education, and human rights training.

Lee became the head of the North Korean Traditional Food Institute in 2012. The institute tries to bring North and South Korea closer together. It gives vocational training to North Korean defectors. It also teaches about the food traditions of Pyongyang.

Also in 2012, Lee led an 18-day hunger strike in front of the Chinese embassy. Lee protested against China, because they wanted to send North Korean refugees back to North Korea.

Lee received a 2010 International Women of Courage Award from the U.S. Department of State.


Wasted username

A wasted username or wasted account is a user account on a website that was not used very much (or at all) after it was made. A person who makes an account like this is called a namewaster or a name waster.

This word came from YouTube, where many people would post both funny and hateful comments on namewasters' YouTube channels. This was an Internet phenomenon until 2012, when YouTube deleted a lot of these wasted accounts.

Chain mail

Mail, or chain mail, is a type of armour. It is made of small metal rings linked together in a pattern to form a mesh. The Celts are usually credited with inventing mail armour. Celtic mail was usually made in the form of a vest.

The origins* of the word "mail" are not fully known. One theory is that it originally comes from the Latin word "macula", meaning "spot" or "opacity". Another theory relates the word to the Old French "maillier", meaning “to hammer” (related to the modern English word "malleable"). A mail shirt is a called a hauberk (haubergeon or byrnie). Mail leggings were called chausses. A mail Hood is called a coif and covered the head, neck and shoulders. 

<nowiki>*</nowiki>Another possible source is Italian. The word for jersey or sweater, and sometimes shirt, in modern Italian is "maglia" or, in French, "maillot". 

Many scholars think mail was invented by ancient Celts about the 3rd century BC. At that time their iron work was probably the best in Europe. The Romans quickly adopted it for their own army. A shirt of mail armour weighed about . After a battle it was common practice to strip weapons and armour from the dead. Vikings were known to wear mail armor whenever they could get their hands on it. Mail was expensive, time-consuming to make, and required a supply of iron. It became more expensive as improvements were made in materials and workmanship. Mail armour was in use in Europe until the 15th century.

Mail is today used in gloves to prevent cuts by butchers and firefighters. Some divers wear mail suits when swimming around sharks and particularly when feeding sharks. But mail is heavy and it makes moving around more difficult. Mail is very popular with history reenactors. It is also popular in live action role playing.

Afar Triangle

The Afar Triangle (or Afar Depression) is a low area bordering on the Red Sea. It is part of the Great Rift Valley in East Africa. 
The area overlaps the borders of Eritrea, Djibouti and the entire Afar region of Ethiopia. 

Important fossil specimens of the earliest hominins have been found in this area. These are the earliest of the human clade. The area is thought by some paleontologists to be the cradle of the evolution of humans. 

Many important fossil localities exist in the Afar region. These sites have produced specimens of the earliest (fossil) hominins and of human tool culture, as well as many fossils of flora and fauna.

The Triangle includes the lowest point in Africa, Lake Asal, Djibouti, at 155 m (or 509 ft) below sea level.

The Awash River is the main waterflow into the region. It runs dry during the annual dry season, and ends as a chain of saline lakes. The northern part of the Afar Depression is also known as the Danakil Depression. The lowlands are affected by heat, drought, and poor air circulation. Some of the lowlands are the hottest places (year-round average temperatures) of anywhere on Earth.

The Afar Triangle is bordered by high areas, as shown on the topographic map.

The Depression is a plate tectonic triple junction. This geologic feature is one of earth's great active volcanic areas, so the floor of the depression is composed of lava, mostly basalt.

The continuous process of volcanism makes mineral deposits, like sulfur, salt, bentonite, and gypsum. There are also geothermal energy sources and hot springs in different areas of the region.

In 2005, a giant rift was formed in just a few days. The rift opened when the Dabbahu Volcano erupted. The rift is part of the process of the Arabian and African plates moving apart. This new crack, long, and deep, opened when the lava from the erupting volcano flowed underground and cooled. It left a long, wide dike within days.

Stabat mater

Stabat Mater Dolorosa, often referred to as Stabat Mater, is a 13th-century Catholic hymn to Mary. It has been attributed to the Franciscan Jacopone da Todi and to Innocent III. It is about the Sorrows of Mary.

Like so many other hymns the name of the hymn is made of the first few words. This is called an incipit. The first line reads "Stabat mater dolorosa" ("The sorrowful mother stood"). The "Stabat Mater" hymn is about the suffering of Mary, Jesus Christ's mother, during his crucifixion. It is sung at the liturgy on the memorial of Our Lady of Sorrows. The "Stabat Mater" has been set to music by many composers, among them Palestrina, Pergolesi, Alessandro Scarlatti and Domenico Scarlatti, Vivaldi, Haydn, Rossini, Dvořák, George Henschel, Karol Szymanowski, Poulenc and Arvo Pärt.

The hymn was very popular all across Europe, especially with the mendicant orders. Pope Benedict XIII finally extended it to the whole of the Roman Rite in 1727. The commemoration of Our Lady of Sorrows was eventually fixed to September 15, the day after the Exaltation of the Cross on September 14, where it is found in both the 1962 "Missale Romanum" and the 1969 missal of Paul VI and its subsequent editions. There is also a different melody for the same text in the Roman Breviary: "In the Roman liturgical tradition, it is sung as a hymn in the Divine Office in one melody of the sixth Gregorian mode, and in another of the second mode as a Sequence at Mass, between the Alleluia and the Gospel." 

Rhododendron niveum

Rhododendron niveum is a "Rhododendron" species. It is native to northeastern India (including Sikkim), Bhutan, and southern Tibet. It grows at altitudes of 2600–3500 meters. 

It is a shrub or small tree that grows to 2–6 m in height, with leathery leaves 8.5–11 by 3.6–4.6 cm in size. Flowers are magenta to lilac.

Dan Fante

Daniel Smart "Dan" Fante (February 19, 1944 – November 23, 2015) was an American author and playwright. He was born in Los Angeles, California to a family of Italian immigrants. 

He was known for his plays "Chump Change", "Mooch", "86'd" and "Spitting Off Tall Buildings". His father was writer John Fante. He was also the author of "A Gin-Pissing-Raw-Meat-Dual-Carburetor-V8-Son-Of-A-Bitch From Los Angeles", a volume of poetry on Wrecking Ball Press.

Fante died of cancer in Los Angeles, aged 71.


Carlos Oroza

Carlos Oroza (May 13, 1923 – November 20, 2015) was a Spanish poet. He was born in Viveiro. He was known mainly for the interpretation and performance of his own work. He founded Tropos magazine, a magazine about poetry.

Oroza died of heart failure in Madrid, aged 92.

Heinz Oberhummer

Heinz Oberhummer (19 May 1941 – 24 November 2015) was an Austrian physicist and skeptic. He was born in Bischofshofen and raised in Obertauern, Austria. Oberhummer was professor emeritus of Theoretical Physics at the Atominstitut of the Vienna University of Technology. His main research area was nucleosynthesis.

Oberhummer died of pneumonia in Vienna, Austria, aged 74.


Lennart Hellsing

Paul Lennart Hellsing (5 June 1919 – 25 November 2015) was a Swedish writer and translator. His lasting contribution as a children's writer, Helsing was a finalist in 2010 for the biennial, international Hans Christian Andersen Award, the highest recognition available to creators of children's books. He was born in Västanfors, Sweden. He was known for his rhymes and word plays. He was thought to be an "outstanding poet" in the field of humour and nonsense writing.

Hellsing died at his home in Stockholm, Sweden of pneumonia on the night of 25 November 2015 surrounded by his family, aged 96.


James Mackay, Baron Mackay of Clashfern

James Peter Hymers Mackay, Baron Mackay of Clashfern, (born 2 July 1927) is a British advocate. He served as Dean of the Faculty of Advocates, Lord Advocate, and Lord Chancellor (1987–1997). He is an active member of the House of Lords.

Mackay was born in Edinburgh, United Kingdom.


Albin Chalandon

Albin Chalandon (11 June 1920 in Reyrieux, Ain – 29 July 2020) was a French politician and a former minister. From 1968 and 1972, he was Minister of Public Works. And from 1986 until 1988, he was Minister of Justice.

He died on 29 July 2020, aged 100.

Robert Badinter

Robert Badinter (; born 30 March 1928) is a French criminal law lawyer, university professor, politician and activist of Jewish descent. He is against the death penalty, the abolition of which he successfully sponsored in Parliament in 1981. A member of the Socialist Party (PS), he served as Minister of Justice and then President of the Constitutional Council under François Mitterrand.


Charles Thone

Charles Thone (January 4, 1924 – March 7, 2018) was an American politician. He was a member of the Republican Party. He served as the 34th Governor of Nebraska serving from January 4, 1979 through January 6, 1983. He lost re-election to Bob Kerrey. Before being governor, Thone represented Nebraska's 1st congressional district in the United States House of Representatives from January 3, 1971 through January 3, 1979.

Thone was born in Hartington, Nebraska. He studied at the University of Nebraska, Lincoln. Thone died on March 7, 2018 in Lincoln, Nebraska of respiratory failure at age 94.


Wayanad

Wayanad district is the 12th District in the state of Kerala in India. Mananthavady, Sulthanbathery, and Vythiri Taluks are all in Wayanad. The name Wayanad comes from Vayal Nadu and it means the land of paddy fields. It is a high, flat land between 700 meters and 2100 meters above sea level. It is in northeaster Kerala, in the Western Ghat mountains. Wayandad is one of the biggest foreign exchange earners in Kerala because it makes money-earning crops like pepper, cardamom, coffee, tea, and other spices.

In ancient times the Vedar Rajas ruled Wayanad. Later the Pazhassi Raja of the Kottayam Royal Dynasty ruled. Then there was a Mysorean invasion. Later, the British took over India, which lasted for 200 years. The British fought the Pazhassi Rajah. When the state of Kerala started in 1956, Wayanad was part of the Cannannore district. In 1957, south Wayanad was added to Kozhikode district and north Wayanad stayed with Cannannore district. The district was formed on 1 November 1980 as the 12th district in Kerala by carving out areas from Kozhikode and Kannur districts. 

According to the 2011 census Wayanad district had a population of 816,558. Many Adivasi people live in Wayanad. Many settlers also live in Wayanad. People came to Wayanad from almost all the other parts of Kerala because the farmland is good. Wayanad has a small Jain community made of Gowders who came from Karnataka. They built temples all over the district. There are also many different kinds of Christians living in Wayanad. One fourth of the population of Wayanad is Christian. Another fourth of the population is Muslims, and the rest of the people are Hindus. The entire Wayanad region fell under the Kannada speaking area as per the linguistic survey and history of Colonel Wilks.

Universal Children's Day

Universal Children's Day is an annual celebration of children's rights. It is celebrated on the 20th of November each year.

On the 14th of December 1954, the United Nations General Assembly recommended that countries celebrate a Universal Children's Day. The date 20 November marks the day on which the assembly adopted the Declaration of the Rights of the Child. On 20 November 1959 they adopted the Convention on the Rights of the Child. 

According to UNICEF millions of children in the world are victims of violence every year. In addition to violence, these children are subject to abuse, neglect and exploitation. This is at home, at work, at school and in the community. It also takes place during wars and natural disasters. Many forms of abuse including corporal punishment and sexual abuse remain legal in many countries. It also remains socially acceptable in many places. 

Many children around the world live in poor conditions. They do not have access to education or health care. Other children are subject to violence and child labor. Universal Children's Day is celebrated to promote the wellbeing of children everywhere.

The Declaration of the Rights of the Child and The Convention on the Rights of the Child describe children's rights. Children's rights include the right to survive and thrive, to be educated, to be free from violence and abuse, to participate and to be heard.

Robert McCormick Adams Jr.

Robert McCormick Adams Jr. (July 23, 1926 – January 27, 2018) was an American anthropologist and archaeologist. He was Secretary of the Smithsonian Institution from 1984 to 1994. He has worked in both the Near East and Mesoamerica. He was best known for his research in Iraq.

Adams, Jr. died on January 27, 2018 in Chula Vista, California at the age of 91.

G. Wayne Clough

Gerald Wayne Clough (born September 24, 1941) is an American educator and engineer. He was the President Emeritus of the Georgia Institute of Technology (Georgia Tech) and Secretary of the Smithsonian Institution (2008-2015). He retired in October 2014. A graduate of Georgia Tech in civil engineering, he was the first alumnus to serve as President of the Institute.


Guy Lewis

Guy Vernon Lewis, II (March 19, 1922 – November 26, 2015) was an American basketball player and coach. He served as the head men's basketball coach at the University of Houston from 1956 to 1986. He was born in Arp, Texas.

Lewis led his Houston Cougars to five appearances in the Final Four of the NCAA Tournament, in 1967, 1968, 1982, 1983, and 1984. He was inducted into National Collegiate Basketball Hall of Fame in 2007 and the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame in 2013.

Lewis died on the morning of November 26, 2015 at his home in Kyle, Texas from complications following a stroke he suffered about 10 years ago. He was 93 years old.

Tex Winter

Morice Fredrick "Tex" Winter (February 25, 1922 – October 10, 2018) was an American retired basketball coach, and innovator of the triangle offense. He was born in Wellington, Texas. 

Winter served as an assistant coach to the Chicago Bulls from the 1985-86 season through the 1998-99 season, during which time the team won six NBA championships. Most of this time was spent working with head coach Phil Jackson, starting from the 1987-88 season. He also went with Jackson to the Los Angeles Lakers for five seasons, from 1999 to 2004, winning another three NBA championships. 

Winter had previously head coached the Houston Rockets during the 1971-72 and 1972-73 seasons.

Winter died on October 10, 2018 from complications of a stroke in Manhattan, Kansas at the age of 96.

Johnny Bach

John William "Johnny" Bach (July 10, 1924 – January 18, 2016) was an American former professional basketball player and coach. Bach played college basketball at Fordham University and Brown University. He was born in Brooklyn, New York City.

He was selected by the Boston Celtics in the 1948 Basketball Association of America (BAA) Draft, and played 24 games for the Celtics. He coached the Golden State Warriors from 1983 through 1986. He became the assistant coach for the Chicago Bulls from 1986 through 2003. He retired in 2006.

Bach died on January 18, 2016 in Chicago, Illinois at the age of 91.


Stevie Wonder's Original Musiquarium

Stevie Wonder's Original Musiquarium I is a greatest hits album by American musician Stevie Wonder. It was released on May 4, 1982 by Tamla. It is Wonder's second greatest hits album as his first one "Looking Back" had been released five years before it.

All songs written by Stevie Wonder except "Front Line" by Wonder and Gary Byrd. Arrangements and all vocals and instruments by Wonder except as indicated.





The Woman in Red (soundtrack)

The Woman in Red: Original Motion Picture Soundtrack is the second soundtrack album released by American musician Stevie Wonder on the Motown label on August 28, 1984. Wonder's first soundtrack album "Stevie Wonder's Journey through the Secret Life of Plants" had been released five years before "The Woman in Red".

"The Woman in Red" received positive reviews from critics.

All songs written by Stevie Wonder, except "It's More Than You" by Ben Bridges.


Smoke detector

A smoke sensor or smoke detector is a device that can detect smoke, which may be an indicator of a fire. There are two basic systems: Simple, standalone sensors usually make a sound or flash a light when they detect smoke. More sophisticated sensors usually send a signal to an fire alarm panel, or system. Most smoke detectors use either an optical sensor, or they use a physical process called ionization. Many simple smoke sensors use batteries. Very often dead batteries are not replaced; when this happens, the smoke sensors stop working. But, the detector may "chirp" when the battery is low to try and stop this from happening. There are also systems which are directly connected to electrical power; these may use batteries just as a backup.

Smoke detectors are housed in plastic enclosures, typically shaped like a disk about in diameter and thick, but shape and size vary. Smoke can be detected either optically (photoelectric) or by physical process (ionization); detectors may use either, or both, methods. Sensitive alarms can be used to detect, and thus deter, smoking in areas where it is banned. Smoke detectors in large commercial, industrial, and residential buildings are usually powered by a central fire alarm system, which is powered by the building power with a battery backup. Domestic smoke detectors range from individual battery-powered units, to several interlinked mains-powered units with battery backup; with these interlinked units, if any unit detects smoke, all trigger even if household power has gone out.

Photoelectric smoke detectors rely on detecting a lack of light to set the alarm off. The light used could be infrared, visible light, or ultraviolet. When smoke blocks out the light inside a photoelectric smoke detector, the smoke detector detects that there is less light. Below a certain brightness, whether or not it comes from smoke or not, the photoelectric smoke detector will beep.

Ionization smoke detectors use radioactive elements to ionize the air. Alpha particles are released from the radioactive element onto air particles so that those air particles become charged. An ionization smoke detector will detect smoke if there is a change in voltage. If smoke enters the smoke detector, some of the alpha particles will attach to the smoke instead of the air particles. This will change the voltage inside the smoke detector, so the smoke detector will beep.

Ionization smoke detectors are cheaper than photoelectric smoke detectors, but they cause more false alarms than photoelectric smoke detectors. Additionally, ionization smoke detectors are slower to react in real house fires.

In Square Circle

In Square Circle is the twentieth studio album by American singer-songwriter Stevie Wonder. It was released on September 13, 1985 by Tamla. It is his first studio since 1980's "Hotter Than July".

All songs written, produced and arranged by Stevie Wonder.



Characters (Stevie Wonder album)

Characters is the twenty-first studio album by American singer-songwriter Stevie Wonder released on November 6, 1987 by Motown. He performed a song on the album called "Get It" with R&B singer-songwriter Michael Jackson.

"Characters" received generally positive reviews from critics.

All songs written by Stevie Wonder except where noted.

Jungle Fever (soundtrack)

Jungle Fever a soundtrack album by American musician Stevie Wonder to Spike Lee's movie "Jungle Fever". It was released by Motown Records on May 28, 1991. It is Wonder's third soundtrack album and the music on the album was very "urban" as they had influences from new jack swing, hip hop as well as R&B and soul.

"Jungle Fever" received mixed reviews from critics. While some thought it was unappealing, others said it was his best work in years. A critic said he hadn't so freewilling since Hotter Than July.

All songs written by Stevie Wonder, except "Chemical Love", lyrics by Stephanie Andrews.


Triatominae

The members of Triatominae are a subfamily of Reduviidae. They are also called kissing bugs, conenose bugs, assassin bugs or triatomines. There are more than 130 species in this subfamily. Most of them feed on vertebrate blood. A few species feed on other invertebrates. They are mainly found in the Americas. There are a few species in Asia, Australia and Africa. 

Some of the bugs carry the Chagas disease parasite "Trypanosoma cruzi". However, only those species (such as "Triatoma infestans" and Rhodnius prolixus) well adapted to living with humans are considered important vectors.

Donald Crisp

Donald Crisp (born George William Crisp, 27 July 188225 May 1974) was an English-born American actor, director, producer and screenwriter. He began his career as a silent movie actor. He won an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor in 1942 for his role in "How Green Was My Valley".


Martin Karplus

Martin Karplus (born March 15, 1930) is an Austrian-born American theoretical chemist. He is the Theodore William Richards Professor of Chemistry, emeritus at Harvard University. He is also Director of the Biophysical Chemistry Laboratory. He is of Jewish descent.

Karplus received the 2013 Nobel Prize in Chemistry, together with Michael Levitt and Arieh Warshel, for "the development of multiscale models for complex chemical systems".


Ezzatolah Entezami

Ezzatolah Entezami (, June 21, 1924 – August 17, 2018) was an Iranian actor. He was born in Tehran, Iran. His first role was as Masht Hassan in the 1969 movie "The Cow". He later appeared in many movies such as "Mr. Naive", "Hamoun", and in "40 Years Old". He also appeared in the television series "Hezar Dastan".

Entezami died in Tehran on August 17, 2018 from complications of a stroke at the age of 94.


Mohammad-Ali Keshavarz

Mohamad Ali Keshavarz (, April 15, 1930 – June 14, 2020) was an Iranian movie and theater actor. He was born in Isfahan, Iran. He was known for his role in the television series "Hezar Dastan". He also appeared in movies such as "Shabe Quzi", "Mr. Naive", and in "Del Shodegan".

Keshavarz died from a lung infection on June 14, 2020 in Tehran, aged 90.


Jamshid Mashayekhi

Jamshid Mashayekhi (, 26 November 1934 – 2 April 2019) was an Iranian actor. He was born in Tehran, Iran. Mashayekhi was known for his roles in "The Cow", "Kaiser", and in "Adobe and Mirror". He appeared in the television series "Hezar Dastan".

Mashayekhi died on 2 April 2019 at a hospital in Tehran from pneumonia complicated by laryngeal cancer, aged 84.

Hezar Dastan

Hezar Dastan or Hezār Dastān () was a very popular Iranian television series that ran from 1979 through 1987. It is considered toto be one of the greatest television series in Iran. It is set in a fictional town in Iran called "Hezar Dastan". It was directed by Ali Hatami. It stars Ezzatolah Entezami, Jamshid Mashayekhi, Mohammad-Ali Keshavarz and Ali Nassirian.

Ali Nassirian

Ali Nassirian (, born 4 February 1935) is an Iranian movie and theater actor. He was born in Tehran, Iran. His career began in 1947 and would last until his retirement in 2008. Nassirian was known for his role in the popular Iranian television series "Hezar Dastan" (1979-1987). He also appeared in movies such as "The Mandrake" (1975), "Kamalolmolk" (1983), "Captain Khorshid" (1987), and "Iron Island" (2005). 

Sterling Holloway

Sterling Price Holloway Jr. (January 4, 1905 – November 22, 1992) was an actor from Georgia who appeared in over 100 films and 40 television shows. He was also a voice actor for The Walt Disney Company, well known for his distinctive tenor voice and is perhaps best remembered as the original voice of Winnie the Pooh in the Winnie the Pooh franchise and as Mr. Stork in "Dumbo", Adult Flower in "Bambi", the Cheshire Cat in "Alice in Wonderland", Kaa in "The Jungle Book", and Roquefort in "The Aristocats".




Ghana National Farmers' Day

Ghana National Farmers' Day is a national holiday in the Republic of Ghana. It is an annual celebration of farmers and fishermen, celebrated on the first Friday of December.

Every year, Ghana acknowledges farmers and fishermen's efforts for the following reasons:

On National Farmers' Day, the Ministry of Food and Agriculture in Ghana gives special awards to deserving farmers and fishermen based on their practices and output. Also, a National Farmers Forum takes place for award winners to meet with policy makers.

Agriculture is essential for African growth. It employs 65 percent of Africa's labor force and accounts for 32 percent of gross domestic product.

Secession in China

The People's Republic of China and the Republic of China insist they each have sole legitimacy of China against each other. Practically, the former is administering Mainland China and the two special administrative regions of Hong Kong and Macau and the latter is administering the Taiwan area.

Inner Mongolia

Tibet Autonomous Region

Xinjiang Autonomous Region

Hong Kong

Taiwan

In the perspective of the laws of the Republic of China, the Taiwan Independence movement is considered as "secessionism", but practically, the movement seeks to "replace" the ROC with the Republic of Taiwan because Taiwan area is the only practical region administered by the ROC.

In the perspective of the laws of the People's Republic of China, the Taiwan Independence movement is considered as "secessionism", too because the PRC considers the Taiwan area as its integral part as a rogue province.


Balawaristan National Front (Naji)

The Balawaristan National Front is a Pakistani political party in Gilgit-Baltistan. It was formed on December 28, 1989 under the Chairmanship of Nawaz Khan Naji. It was reorganized in July 30 1993. In 1947 at the time of Independence of Pakistan the people of the area were mostly Shia Muslims. However over the years the ethnic composition has changed. Sunni Kashmiri and other Pakistanis have settled in this area leading to discontent - although Shias remain the outright majority. A 2008 report by the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees said that Pakistan-administered Kashmir, which included Gilgit-Baltistan, was 'Not Free'. In 2009 as part of the "Gilgit-Baltistan Empowerment and Self-Governance Order Act of 2009", the region was granted self-rule for the first time with an elected legislature in its history. The Republic of India says that Gilgit-Baltistan is a part of the former Princely state of Kashmir and Jammu and an 'integral part' of India. It regards the disputed region as Indian territory.

MAD (TV series)

Mad was an American sketch comedy animated television series produced by Warner Bros. Animation. The series was based on Mad magazine. Each episode is a collection of short animated parodies of television shows, movies, games, celebrities etc. The humor is both witty and juvenile appealing mostly to tween and teen boys.

It uses various types of animation (CGI, claymation, stop-motion, etc.) instead of the usual animation style that Warner Bros. Animation is known for. The series premiered on the evening of September 6, 2010 on Cartoon Network. The series ended its 4-year run after airing 103 episodes. The series has an age rating of TV-MA.


Outstanding Short Format Animated Program for "Kitchen Nightmares Before Christmas / How I Met Your Mummy" (Nominated).

Best Animated Series (Nominated)

Ethan Suplee

Ethan Suplee (born May 25, 1976) is an American actor. He is best known for his roles as Frankie "The Enforcer" Stechino in Boy Meets World and Randy Hickey in My Name Is Earl. Suplee was born in Manhattan, the son of Debbie and Bill Suplee.

Zenit Kazan

VC Zenit-Kazan (Russian: Зенит-Казань) (formerly "Dinamo Tattransgaz Kazan") is a professional volleyball team based in Kazan, Russia. It plays in the Russian Volleyball Super League (7-time champion). The team won the 2007–08, 2011–12 and 2014–15 CEV Champions League titles.

The club was founded on 13 May 2000.


Volleyball World Championship

The FIVB Volleyball World Championship is an international men's and women's indoor volleyball competition. It is the oldest and most important of all the international events organised by the FIVB and must not be confused with the World Cup, World Grand Champions Cup, or the World League/World Grand Prix.


21 (disambiguation)

21 was a year in the 1st century AD.

21 might also mean:

19 (disambiguation)

19 was a year in the 1st century.

19 might also mean:

25 (disambiguation)

25 was a year in the first century.

25 might also mean:

1944 United States presidential election

The 1944 United States presidential election was the 40th election in the history of the United States. It happened on November 7, 1944. Incumbent President Franklin D. Roosevelt (FDR) won over Republican Thomas E. Dewey in the general election. In the Electoral College, Roosevelt won 432 votes while Dewey won 99. Roosevelt, a Democrat, won an unprecedented fourth term as president.

The election was held during the latter part of World War II. By this time the war was going well for the United States and its Allies. Roosevelt had already served longer than any other president, but remained popular. Unlike in 1940, there was little doubt that he would run for another term as the Democratic candidate, as his health was failing. Dewey, the Governor of New York, campaigned against the New Deal and for a smaller government. But he could not convince the country to change course. Roosevelt's aides covered up the fact the president was in poor health. Roosevelt would die in office three months after starting his fourth term. His Vice President, Harry S. Truman, would serve out the remainder of his term of office.

The Republicans campaigned against the New Deal. They wanted a smaller government and less-regulated economy. Roosevelt's continuing popularity was the main theme of his campaign. To quiet rumors of his poor health, Roosevelt insisted on making a vigorous campaign trip in October and rode in an open car through city streets. A high point of the campaign occurred when Roosevelt gave a speech on national radio where he ridiculed Republican claims that his administration was corrupt and wasteful with tax money. He particularly ridiculed a Republican claim that he had sent a US Navy warship to pick up his Scottish Terrier Fala in Alaska. He added that "Fala was furious" at such rumors. The speech was met with loud laughter and applause. In response, Dewey gave a blistering partisan speech in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, a few days later on national radio. He accused Roosevelt of being "indispensable" to corrupt big-city Democratic organizations and American Communists. Dewey also referred to members of Roosevelt's cabinet as a "motley crew". However, the allies had several battlefield successes in Europe and the Pacific during the campaign. These included the liberation of Paris in August 1944 and the successful Battle of Leyte Gulf in the Philippines in October 1944. These were Roosevelt's greatest assets in his campaign.


The 1944 presidential election was a milestone in American politics for two reasons. It was the first time a candidate for president was born in the 20th century. It was the last time Democrats carried every state in the southern United States. The election had at least one other long-reaching effect. It led to the 1951 passing of the Twenty-second Amendment to the United States Constitution. It prohibits anyone from serving more than two terms as president of the United States.

Junagadh State

Junagadh was a princely state in Gujarat ruled by Muslim rulers in British India until it became part of India in 1948.

Mohammad Sher Khan Babi, a Babi Khel Pathan who owed allegiance to the Mughal governor of Gujarat subah, founded the state of Junagadh. It declared independence in 1730 after the Marathas Gaikwad invasion. Muhammad Sher Khan Babi, was the founder of the Babi Dynasty of Junagadh State dynasty. His descendants, the Babi Nawabs of Junagadh, took large territories in southern Saurashtra and ruled over the state for the next two centuries. First they were a tributary state of Marathas. Later they were under the rule of the British Raj.

In 1807 the Junagadh State became a British protectorate. The East India Company took control of the state by 1818. The Saurashtra area, with other princely states of Kathiawar, were separately administered under Kathiawar Agency by British India.

On 15 August 1947 upon the independence of India, the Nawab of Junagarh decided to merge it into newly formed Pakistan. The Indian government maintained the people of Junagadh should decide. Pakistan waited until 13 September to respond saying they accepted Junagarh's acceptance of Pakistani rule. This caused a general revolt among the Hindu majority of Junagadh as well as protest movements in the surrounding states that had acceded to join India. The Nawab then occupied territory in several of those states claiming he had rule over them. When the Indian government sent a small force to restore order, the Nawab fled to Pakistan. His Dewan (Prime minister) agreed to rule by India. This resulted in the integration of Junagadh into India.

The Nawabs of Junagadh belonged to Pathan Babi khel tribe. They were granted a 13 gun salute by the British authorities:

Many in Pakistan still maintains the 1948 plebiscite and rule by India was an illegitimate action. One of the reasons is because Kashmir at the time was ruled by a Hindu but had a clear Muslim majority. By acceding to India it was the opposite of the situation in Junagadh.

For its part India knew Junagadh was the premier state in the western Kathiawar region. It was bound on three sides by states that acceded to India. On the fourth side was bounded by the Arabian Sea. This gave it great strategic importance to both countries. India was not prepared to accept Junagadh's acceding to Pakistan. This would create a Pakistan state in the middle of Indian states. India's taking administrative control of Junagadh to restore order is seen as a pretext by Pakistan. The referendum taken by the people of Junagadh, under the control of the Indian army, was overwhelmingly in favor of Indian rule. Pakistan has never accepted this vote by the people there and believes Junagadh rightly belongs to them.

Pakistan's government has maintained its territorial claim on Junagadh, along with Manavadar and Sir Creek in Gujarat, on its official political map issued on 4th August 2020.


Nordertor

The Nordertor (Danish: "Nørreport") is an old town gate of the city of Flensburg. The gate was built around 1595. Today, the little landmark is in use as a symbol for the German town Flensburg.

In 1345 the town of Flensburg began to build its town wall. A gate was built on the north side of the town. It was called "Norder Porte". It was replaced by a building in the 16th century called the Nordertor. This marked the northern boundary of the town. It was a checkpoint that was closed in the night.

On the north side of the gate are two plaques. The left one shows the royal coat of arms of King Christian IV, 1577-1648 and the Latin words: „Regna Firmat Pietas“ — Piety strengthens the Realms. The right one shows the coat of arms of Flensburg with the German words: „Friede ernährt, Unfrieden verzehrt“ — Peace nurtures, strife devours. There is also a date- 1767. This means that the town gate was restored in the time of Christian VII, 1749-1808.

After 1796 the town grew beyond the town wall. There had been a ban on building outside the wall before then. The Neustadt ("Newtown"), in the neighborhood of the Nordertor was built. In 1913 and 1914 it was restored by the architect Paul Ziegler. The Nordertor got a clock. In 1966 the Deutsche Bundespost made a stamp with a picture of the gate on it. It was a 30 Pfennig stamp, used to send letters within Germany. The Nordertor stamps were sold over 3 billion times. In the 1990s the gate was again restored and the clock was removed. In 2004 the gate was licensed as a venue for civil weddings, so that the weddings could be performed since then directly above the archway of the gate.

Ship's cat

A ship's cat is a cat that rides along on a ship. Ship's cats have been very popular in history, and date back to ancient times.

Cats have been carried on ships for many reasons - most importantly, to catch mice and rats. On a ship, these rodents can damage ropes and wooden parts of the ship. Once electricity was discovered, rodents would also damage ships' electrical wiring. Also, rodents threatened the ship's cargo - the things it carried. Rodents would eat the food carried to feed the crew. If the ship was carrying things like grain as part of its cargo, rodents could also cause the ship to lose money by eating the cargo. Also, rats and mice spread disease, which is dangerous for ships that are at sea for long periods of time. For example, rat fleas can carry plague, and rats on ships may have been one of the main reasons why the Black Death spread.

Cats naturally attack and kill these rodents. Cats also have a natural ability to get used to new surroundings, so they could get used to serving on ships. They also offered companionship (friendship), a sense of home and security, and lifted sailors' spirits. This was helpful to sailors who could be away from home for long periods, especially in times of war.

Cats were probably domesticated about 9,500 years ago. Not long after that, people began taking cats aboard boats and ships. The Ancient Egyptians took cats on board Nile boats to catch birds in the thickets along the riverbanks. The ancient Egyptians also carried cats on trading ships to control rodents. Traders from other areas soon started doing the same thing. This led to the spread of cats throughout the world. Cats eventually reached nearly all parts of the world that could be reached by ship. Phoenician cargo ships are thought to have brought the first domesticated cats to Europe in about 900 BC.

Cats in Ancient Egypt were worshipped as deities (powerful spirits). For many centuries, cats have had a reputation as magical animals. Many sailors believed myths and superstitions about cats. Cats were thought of as smart, lucky animals. Sailors usually took very good care of their ship's cats to keep them happy. Some sailors believed that six-toed cats were better at catching pests. They may have thought that extra toes give a cat better balance, which would be important when at sea. In some places, all six-toed cats became known as "ship's cats".

Cats were believed to have miraculous powers that could protect ships from dangerous weather. Sometimes, fishermen's wives would keep black cats at home too. They believed that these cats would use their special powers to protect their husbands at sea. Many sailors believed that it was lucky if a cat came up to a sailor on deck, but unlucky if it came only halfway and then turned around. Another popular belief was that cats could start storms through magic stored in their tails. Other sailors also believed that if a ship's cat fell or was thrown overboard, a terrible storm would come and sink the ship, and if the ship was able to survive, it would be cursed with nine years of bad luck. Still other sailors thought that if a cat licked its fur against the grain, it meant a hail storm was coming; if it sneezed, rain was coming; and if it was frisky, wind was coming.

Some of these beliefs are partly true. Cats can notice slight changes in the weather, because of their very sensitive inner ears. (Their inner ears also allow cats to land on their feet when falling.) Cats often get nervous and restless when they sense low atmospheric pressure, which often comes before stormy weather.

Blackie was HMS "Prince of Wales"'s ship's cat. He became famous during the Second World War. Blackie's ship, "Prince of Wales", carried Prime Minister Winston Churchill across the Atlantic Ocean to Naval Station Argentia in Newfoundland in August 1941. There, Churchill secretly met with the United States President Franklin D. Roosevelt, and the two signed the Atlantic Charter. But as Churchill started to leave "Prince of Wales", Blackie came up to him. Churchill bent down to say goodbye to Blackie, and the moment was photographed and reported in the world media. In honour of the success of the visit, Blackie was renamed Churchill. Blackie survived the sinking of HMS "Prince of Wales" later that year and was taken to Singapore with the survivors. He could not be found when Singapore was evacuated the following year and nobody knows what happened to him (though there is a chance he may have died by then).

Chibbley was the ship's cat aboard the tall ship "Picton Castle". She was rescued from an animal shelter. She circumnavigated the world - sailed all the way around it - five times. Because "Picton Castle"’ was a training ship, Chibbley had many visitors. She became a celebrity, and people even sent her fan mail. Chibbley died on November 10, 2011, in Lunenburg, Nova Scotia. She had sailed over 180,000 miles at sea.

Convoy was the ship's cat aboard HMS "Hermione". He was named "Convoy" because he often went with the ship on convoy escort duties (where the ship would sail with a group of other ships for protection). Like the ship's sailors, Convoy was listed in the ship's book, and given a full kit, including a tiny hammock where he would sleep. He was killed along with 87 of his crew mates when "Hermione" was torpedoed and sunk on 16 June 1942 by German submarine U-205.

Emmy was the ship's cat on RMS "Empress of Ireland". She was an orange tabby cat who never missed a voyage. However, on 28 May 1914, Emmy tried to escape the ship. The crew could not get her to return to the ship, and "Empress of Ireland" left without her. This was thought to be a very bad sign. Early the next morning, "Empress of Ireland" ran into SS "Storstad" while sailing through fog at the mouth of the St. Lawrence River. "Empress of Ireland" sank quickly, killing over 1,000 people.

Felix was the ship's cat aboard "Mayflower II" when she set sail from Devon, England, to Plymouth, Massachusetts, in 1957. The goal of this voyage was to show cooperation between the UK and the US after World War II. Felix was given his own life jacket for the trip. During the voyage, he broke one of his paws. The paw was set by the ship's doctor. After Felix returned to the US, photos and stories about him appeared in "National Geographic" magazine, "Life" magazine, and "Yankee" magazine. The cat and the rest of the crew marched in a New York ticker tape parade and toured the East Coast that summer. Felix was eventually adopted by the cabin boy's girlfriend, Ann Berry, and settled in Waltham, Massachusetts. The captain of the Mayflower II wrote a children's book about Felix called "Felix and his Mayflower II Adventures". The book was published during the celebration of the ship's fiftieth anniversary at Plimoth Plantation.

Mrs. Chippy was the ship's cat aboard "Endurance", the ship used by Sir Ernest Shackleton for his Imperial Trans-Antarctic Expedition. (The Expedition's goal was to cross the Antarctic by land.) After about a month, the crew realized that "Mrs. Chippy" was actually a male cat. However, by then, everyone was used to the name "Mrs. Chippy," and kept using it.

The ship became lost, trapped and then crushed in pack ice. At that point, Shackleton ordered his men to shoot the sled dogs and Mrs. Chippy, because he did not think they could survive.

Simon was the ship's cat of HMS "Amethyst" during the Yangtze Incident in 1949, during the Chinese Civil War. During the Yangtze Incident, the HMS "Amethyst" was attacked and was trapped on the Yangtze River for months. The ship and its crew were badly hurt in the attacks on the ship. These attacks killed 25 of "Amethyst"’s crew, including the commanding officer. Simon was also hurt in the attacks, but soon he recovered. He started killing rats again, which was very important since the rodents had been destroying the ship. Simon also did the important job of keeping up the crew's spirits.

After the "Amethyst" finally escaped the Yangtze River and returned to Britain, Simon was given the rank of 'Able Seacat' Simon. He became a celebrity. However, not long after he returned to Britain, he died from an infection. Many people sent tributes to honor Simon, and his obituary appeared in "The Times" (an important newspaper in London). After Simon's death, he was awarded the Dickin Medal. He is the only cat ever to earn this award. Simon was also buried with full naval honors.

Trim sailed on many ships commanded by Matthew Flinders during 1801-1803. These ships' goals were to circumnavigate (sail all the way around) Australia, and also to create maps of its coastline. Trim became a favourite of the crew, and was the first cat to circumnavigate Australia. Trim stayed with Flinders until Trim's death. A statue to Trim was later built in his honor. It sits on a window sill on the outside of the State Library, in Sydney, Australia. There have also been many books written about Trim.

U-boat was another ship's cat aboard a Royal Navy ship in the Second World War. Whenever his ship came into port, U-boat would take shore leave (he would leave the ship to do things on shore). He would spend days on shore, and usually would return only just before his ship sailed away. One day, U-boat did not return in time for roll call and his ship was forced to sail away without him. As the ship pulled away, U-boat was seen running down the dock after the sailing ship. He made a death-defying leap onto the ship and made it aboard. The crew thought that he seemed unafraid by what had just happened, and calmly started to wash himself on deck. The crew members were very happy that U-boat had come back, since they thought he brought them good luck.

Oscar was the ship's cat of the German battleship "Bismarck". When "Bismarck" was sunk on 27 May 1941, only 116 sailors out of over 2,200 survived. Oscar was picked up by the destroyer HMS "Cossack". "Cossack" herself was torpedoed and sunk on 24 October, 1941. 159 sailors were killed, but Oscar again survived to be rescued, and was taken to Gibraltar. He became the ship's cat of HMS "Ark Royal". Then this ship, too, was torpedoed and sunk in November of 1941. Oscar was again rescued, and it was decided that it was time for him to have a home on land. By now, Oscar had been renamed "Unsinkable Sam." He was given a new job as mouse-catcher in the Governor General of Gibraltar's office buildings. He eventually returned to the UK and spent the rest of his life at the 'Home for Sailors'. A portrait of him hangs in the National Maritime Museum in Greenwich.

Starting in 1975, the Royal Navy no longer allowed cats or any other pets to ride on any Royal Navy ships. This rule was created because of concern about hygiene (cleanliness).

Cats still ride on many private ships today. For example, "Toolbox" is a ship's cat who rides on the second "Kalmar Nyckel".

American sailor Robin Lee Graham sailed with many cats on his ships "Dove" and "Return of Dove", while he was trying to circumnavigate the world by himself (starting in 1965).


Calendula officinalis

Calendula officinalis (pot marigold, ruddles, common marigold, garden marigold), is a plant in the genus "Calendula" of the family Asteraceae. It is probably native to India. It was the state flower of Junagadh and Bantva-Manavadar State, now part of Gujarat.

Pot marigold florets are edible. They are often used to add colour to salads or added to dishes as a garnish instead of saffron.
The leaves are edible but are often not palatable. They have been used as a herb and in salads.

The flowers were used in Ancient Greek, Roman, Middle Eastern, and Indian cultures as a medicinal herb and a dye for fabrics, foods, and cosmetics. They are also used to make oil that protects the skin.

Norbert Gastell

Norbert Gastell (14 October 1929 – 26 November 2015) was an Argentine-born German voice actor who mostly dubbed American television shows into the German language. He was known for dubbing Homer Simpson. Gastell was born in Buenos Aires.

Gastell died in Munich, Germany from complications following a stroke, aged 86.


Luc Bondy

Luc Bondy (17 July 194828 November 2015) was a Swiss theatre and movie director and screenwriter. He was born in Zurich, Switzerland. He was the director of the most recent version of "Tosca", by Puccini, at the Metropolitan Opera in New York.

Bondy died in Zurich at the age of 67. 

Nymphaea nouchali

Nymphaea nouchali, (or red and blue water-lily, blue star water-lily, or star lotus) is an aquatic flowering plant in the Nymphaeaceae (water-lily family). It is native to southern and eastern Asia.

"N. nouchali" grows from rhizomes or tubers rooted under the water. Leaves are oval to round, 13–15 cm (5–6 in), with an open sinus at the leaf base where it attaches to the petiole (leaf stem). Leaves may spread 1.4–1.5 m (4–5 feet) from where the rhizome is rooted. Flowers, which have little fragrance, are star-shaped with 4 sepals and 10–16 petals, and are 5–13 cm (2–5 in) in diameter. Although leaves float on the water surface, flowers are generally held 30 cm (12 in) above water. They are usually pale blue (but can be pink or white) with pale yellow stamens and anthers. 

"N. nouchali" has been cultivated in southeast Asia for centuries, especially around temples. It is also cultivated in Sri Lanka and gathered from dried ponds in the Republic of India for the rhizomes, which are used as food and animal fodder as a source of starch. In Ayurvedic medicine, it is used to treat indigestion.

Cultivars include N. stellata var. cyanea, which has medium-sized pale to deep blue flowers, and N. stellata var. versicolor, which is commonly exported in the form of tubers from Sri Lanka to Europe and the U.S. for use in the aquariums; the tubers grow quickly after exposure to warm water, making an “instant” aquarium plant.

"N. stellata" was the state flower of Hyderabad Deccan. A pale blue-flowered "N. stellatai" is the National flower of Sri Lanka, where it is known as "nil mānel" or "nil mahanel" (Singhalese:නිල් මානෙල්).

Indian roller

The Indian roller "(Coracias benghalensis)", is a member of the roller family of birds. They are found widely across tropical Asia stretching from Iraq eastward across the Indian subcontinent to Indochina and are best known for the aerobatic displays of the male during the breeding season. They are very commonly seen perched along roadside trees and wires and are commonly seen in open grassland and scrub forest habitats. It is not migratory, but undertakes some seasonal movements.

Nelumbo nucifera

Nelumbo nucifera, also known as the Egyptian bean, sacred lotus, Indian lotus, or simply lotus, is a species of plant in the genus "Nelumbo" sometimes colloquially called a water lily. They float on the surface of the water.

The lotus is often confused with the true water lilies of the genus "Nymphaea".

The flowers are usually found on thick stems rising several centimeters above the leaves. Some cultivated varieties have extraordinary numbers of petals.

A fertilized lotus flower bears fruit that contains a cluster of 10 to 30 seeds. Each seed is ovoid 1–2.5 cm wide by 1–1.5 cm long with a brownish coat.

These plants require a nutrient-rich and loamy soil. The first step is to plough the dry field. One round of manure is applied after ten days, just before flooding the field.

Two to three months after planting, the stolon is now ready to harvest. It must be harvested before flowering.




Philippe Washer

Philippe Washer (; 6 August 1924 – 27 November 2015) was a Belgian tennis player. He competed in the Davis Cup a number of times, from 1946 to 1961. He was born in Brussels, Belgium. Washer retired from tennis in 1961.

Washer died on 27 November 2015 in Knokke, West Flanders, Belgium from heart failure at the age of 91.

Olene S. Walker

Olene Smith Walker (November 15, 1930 – November 28, 2015) was an American politician. She served as the 15th Governor of Utah. She was sworn into office on November 5, 2003, shortly before her 73rd birthday. She became Utah's first female governor. She was a member of the Republican Party.

Walker died from a stroke on November 28, 2015 at her home in Salt Lake City, Utah, aged 85.
Olene walker was born in Ogden in the year of 1930. In the year of 1953 she had graduated from Brigham Young University. Then in the year of 1954 she had graduated from Stanford University with a degree in politics. Then in 2003- 2005 she became Utah's first female governor. When Olene Walker sets a goal she will accomplish. She has set an agenda for herself to complete goals and in fourteen months she complete more goals as governor than most people have in one and a half years. Olene walker has always wanted to make a difference in Utah. She help children develop literacy skills while they were in foster care. Olene walker had her dreams at a young age and when she was a young girl she said she wanted to be a president she never got to that dream but, she said that being a governor did her good.
Olene walkers catch phrase was "You can do anything that you put your heart to.".
She died of a stroke sadly, but will always be remembered.

Gerry Byrne (footballer, born 1938)

Gerald "Gerry" Byrne (29 August 1938 – 28 November 2015) was an English footballer. He spent his entire playing career at Liverpool Football Club, playing from 1953 to 1969. He later played for the England national football team from 1963 to 1966. He was born in Liverpool, England.

Byrne died in at a nursing home in Wrexham, Wales from Alzheimer's disease at the age of 77.

Barbro Hiort af Ornäs

Barbro Hiort af Ornäs (28 August 1921 – 28 November 2015) was a Swedish actress. She was born in Gothenburg, Sweden. She won the Best Actress Award at the 1958 Cannes Film Festival for the movie "Brink of Life". She was also known for her roles in "While the City Sleeps", "All These Women", "The Passion of Anna", and in "The Sense of Marriage". 

Af Ornäs died on November 28, 2015 in Gothenburg from natural causes, aged 94.

Maurice Strong

Maurice F. Strong (April 29, 1929 – November 27, 2015) was a Canadian businessman and diplomat. He represented Canada as Under-Secretary General of the United Nations.

Strong had his start as an entrepreneur in the Alberta oil patch and was President of Power Corporation of Canada until 1966. In the early 1970s he was Secretary General of the United Nations Conference on the Human Environment and then became the first executive director of the United Nations Environment Programme. He returned to Canada to become Chief Executive Officer of Petro-Canada from 1976 to 1978. He was President of the Council of the University for Peace from 1998 to 2006.

Strong was born in Manitoba, Canada. He died at the age of 86 on November 27, 2015.

Nicoletta Machiavelli

Nicoletta Machiavelli (1 August 1944 – 15 November 2015), also known as Nicoletta Rangoni Machiavelli and Nicoletta Macchiavelli, was an Italian-American movie actress. She was born in Ravarino to a Florentine father and American mother. She was known for her works with John Huston and producer Dino De Laurentiis. She was known for her roles in "Navajo Joe" (1966), "Scarabea - wieviel Erde braucht der Mensch?" (1969) and "L'important c'est d'aimer" (1975).

Machiavelli died in Seattle, Washington from an illness, aged 71.


David Canary

David Hoyt Canary (August 25, 1938 – November 16, 2015) was an American movie and television actor. He was best known for his roles as Adam and Stuart Chandler in "All My Children" and as Candy Canady in "Bonanza". He was born in Elwood, Indiana.

Canary died from complications of Alzheimer's disease in Wilton, Connecticut at the age of 77.

Ted Schwinden

Theodore "Ted" Schwinden (August 31, 1925 – October 7, 2023) was an American politician. He served as the 23rd Lieutenant Governor of Montana serving from 1977 through 1981. He later served as the 19th Governor of Montana serving from 1981 through 1989. On October 7, 2023, he died in Phoenix, Arizona, aged 98.

Phil Batt

Philip Eugene Batt (March 4, 1927 – March 4, 2023) was an American politician. He is a member of the Republican Party. He was the 29th Governor of Idaho serving from 1995 to 1999. Between 1979 until 1983, Batt was the Lieutenant Governor of Idaho. He was born in Wilder, Idaho
Jacque Batt died on September 7, 2014, after 66 years of marriage. In 2015, at the age of 88, Batt married Francee Riley of Boise.

Batt died on March 4, 2023, the morning of his 96th birthday.


George Nigh

George Patterson Nigh (born June 9, 1927) is an American politician. He served as the 17th and 22nd Governor of Oklahoma serving from January 6, 1963 through January 14, 1963 and then again from January 3, 1979 through January 12, 1987. He is a member of the Democratic Party. He was born in McAlester, Oklahoma.


Robert D. Ray

Robert Dolph Ray (September 26, 1928 – July 8, 2018) was an American politician. He served as the 38th Governor of Iowa serving from January 16, 1969 to January 14, 1983. He was a member of the Republican Party. Ray was born in Des Moines, Iowa.

Ray served as acting Mayor of Des Moines in 1997 and also served as President of Drake University in 1998.

Ray died in Des Moines on July 8, 2018 from Parkinson's disease, aged 89.


Albert Brewer

Albert Preston Brewer (October 26, 1928 – January 2, 2017) was an American politician. He was the 47th Governor of Alabama serving from May 7, 1968, until January 18, 1971. He was a member of the Democratic Party. 

Brewer was born in Bethel Springs, Tennessee. He studied at the University of Alabama. He was married to Martha Farmer from 1950 until her death in 2006. Brewer died on January 2, 2017 in a hospital in Birmingham, Alabama, aged 88.


Robert D. Fulton

Robert David Fulton (born May 13, 1929) is an American politician. He briefly served as the 37th Governor of Iowa during the first 16 days of 1969. He also served as the 38th Lieutenant Governor of Iowa from 1965 to 1969. He was a member of the Democratic Party. Fulton was born in Waterloo, Iowa.

Stan Stephens

Stanley Graham Stephens (September 16, 1929 – April 3, 2021) was an American politician and broadcaster. He served as the 20th Governor of Montana from 1989 until 1993. He was born in Calgary, Alberta. Stephens is a member of the Republican Party.

Stephens died on April 3, 2021 in Kalispell, Montana at the age of 91.


Murphy J. Foster Jr.

Murphy James Foster, Jr., known as Mike Foster (July 11, 1930 – October 4, 2020) was an American politician. He served as the 53rd Governor of Louisiana. He served from January 1996 until January 2004. Foster is a businessman, landowner, and sportsman in St. Mary Parish.

Foster died in Franklin, Louisiana on October 4, 2020 at the age of 90.


Ed Gillespie

Edward Walter "Ed" Gillespie (born August 1, 1961) is an American Republican politician. He served as the 61st Chairman of the Republican National Committee and Counselor to the President during George W. Bush's administration.

Gillespie, along with Democrat Jack Quinn, founded Quinn Gillespie & Associates, a bipartisan lobbying firm. In January 2014, Gillespie announced he was running for Virginia's U.S. Senate seat currently held by Mark Warner in the 2014 election, and on June 7, 2014, he received the Republican nomination.

In October 2015, Gillespie announced his plans to run for Governor of Virginia in 2017. In June 2017, he became the Republican Party's candidate for governor in Virginia's 2017 election, facing Democratic nominee Ralph Northam who later won the election.


Joe Marston

James Edward "Joe" Marston MBE (7 January 1926 – 29 November 2015) was an Australian association football player. He became the first Australian to appear in a FA Cup Final when he turned out for Preston North End in their 1954 defeat to West Bromwich Albion. He was born in Leichhardt, New South Wales, Australia.

Martson's death was announced on 29 November 2015. He was 89 years old.

Fernando de la Rúa

Fernando de la Rúa (15 September 1937 – 9 July 2019) was an Argentine politician. He was president of the country from December 10, 1999 to December 21, 2001. He resigned during the December 2001 riots.

He died of heart and kidney failure in Belén de Escobar, Argentina on 9 July 2019 at the age of 81.


Loretta Lynch

Loretta Elizabeth Lynch (born May 21, 1959) is an American politician. She was the 83rd Attorney General of the United States from April 27, 2015 to January 20, 2017. Before, she served as United States Attorney for the Eastern District of New York from 1999 through 2001 and again from 2010 through 2015. 

Lynch was nominated by President Barack Obama on November 8, 2014. Her appointment was confirmed on April 23, 2015 by a 56 to 43 vote. Her nomination process was one of the longest in the history of the United States, taking 166 days after she was first nominated for the post.

Michael Mukasey

Michael Bernard Mukasey
born July 28, 1941)
is an American lawyer and former judge. He served as the 81st Attorney General of the United States. Mukasey was appointed following the resignation of Alberto Gonzales. Mukasey also served for 18 years as a judge of the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, appointed by Ronald Reagan, six of those years as Chief Judge.

William Barr

William Pelham "Bill" Barr (born May 23, 1950) is an American attorney. He was the 85th Attorney General of the United States from February 14, 2019 to December 23, 2020 under the Donald Trump presidency. Before, he was the 77th Attorney General under the George H. W. Bush presidency from 1991 to 1993.

On December 7, 2018, President Donald Trump announced that he would nominate Barr to again serve as Attorney General of the United States. He was confirmed, for a second time, as Attorney General on February 14, 2019, and assumed office later the same day.

On December 14, 2020, Trump announced that Barr would be resigning as attorney general, effective December 23.

Nicholas Katzenbach

Nicholas deBelleville "Nick" Katzenbach (January 17, 1922 – May 8, 2012) was an American lawyer. He was the United States Attorney General during the Lyndon B. Johnson administration. He was Attorney General from February 1965 through October 1966.


Elliot Richardson

Elliot Lee Richardson (July 20, 1920 December 31, 1999) was an American lawyer and politician. He was a member of the cabinet of Presidents Richard Nixon and Gerald Ford. As U.S. Attorney General, he was a known figure in the Watergate Scandal, and resigned rather than obey President Nixon's order to fire special prosecutor Archibald Cox.

Richardson served as Secretary of Health, Education, and Welfare from 1970 to 1973, Secretary of Defense from January to May 1973, Attorney General from May to October 1973, and Secretary of Commerce from 1976 to 1977. That makes him one of only two individuals to have held four Cabinet positions within the United States government (the other such individual being George Shultz).

On December 31, 1999, Richardson died of a cerebral hemorrhage in Boston, Massachusetts, at the age of 79.


Frequency probability

Frequency probability or Frequentism is one of the interpretations of probability theory. Repeating a scientific experiment very often gives a number of results. It is then possible, to count the number of times that a given event happened and compare it to the total number of experiments.

This interpretation of probabiilty was very important for statistics. People who use this interpretation are often called Frequentists. Well-known frequentists include Richard von Mises, Egon Pearson, Jerzy Neyman, R. A. Fisher and John Venn.

Other interpretations of probability are Bayesian probability and Axiomatic probability theory

Satellite navigation

A satellite navigation or satnav system is a way of pinpointing position very exactly.

Satnav uses a system of satellites. The system gives exact positioning. It allows small electronic receivers to find their position (longitude, latitude, and altitude/elevation). The position is given within a few metres using time signals transmitted along a straight line (line of sight) by radio from satellites. The signals also allow the receivers to calculate the current local time to high precision. A satellite navigation system with global coverage may be called a global navigation satellite system (GNSS). Global Positioning System is the biggest and most used GNSS. GLONASS, owned by Russia, is the second biggest. China, India, and the European Union are working on similar systems of their own.

Bad Santa

Bad Santa is a 2003 American Christmas criminal black comedy movie.



Property law

Property law covers two types of property in the common law legal system, real property and personal property. In the civil law system, there is a division between movable and immovable property. Movable property is more or less the same as personal property. It includes money, stocks, notes, copyrights and patents.

The idea behind all property law is property. In some jurisdictions, historically all property was owned by the monarch. Land ownership was through land tenure in feudal systems. The first legal right of absolute ownership was under Roman law and was called "dominion".

The Napoleonic Code was among the first government acts of modern times to introduce the notion of absolute ownership into statute. But protection of personal property rights was present in medieval Islamic law.

Tyler Ritter

Tyler David Ritter (born January 31, 1985) is an American actor best known as the star of "The McCarthys". Ritter is the son of the late John Ritter. He is also the brother of Jason Ritter. He grew up in Los Angeles. Ritter acted in high school plays and student movies, but did not immediately pursue acting professionally. After graduating from the University of Pennsylvania in 2007, he worked for three years as a teacher in Argentina. There he married director Lelia Parma. He returned to Los Angeles and began a career as an actor at age 25. Ritter has had guest roles on "Hot in Cleveland", "Modern Family", "Grey's Anatomy" and "NCIS". He landed the starring role on the 2014 sitcom "The McCarthys", playing Ronny McCarthy, the openly gay son in a family of six.

Super Mario 128

Super Mario 128 refers to a series of development projects that were originally to be used only to create a sequel to "Super Mario 64". As debuted at Nintendo's Space World trade show in 2000, the demonstrated graphics and physics concepts were gradually incorporated into various games across many years. This includes the rapid object generation in "Pikmin", the "sphere walking" technology used in "" and "Super Mario Galaxy", and the physics of "Metroid Prime".

The name "Super Mario 128" was first used as early as January 1997 by Shigeru Miyamoto, as a possible name for a "Super Mario 64" sequel. This rumored expansion and sequel to "Super Mario 64" called "Super Mario 64-2" was said to be developed for the 64DD, but ended up being cancelled due to the 64DD's commercial failure. Shigeru Miyamoto mentioned at E3's 1997 convention that he was "just getting started" on the project.
In November 1999, Shigeru Miyamoto said, "Well, for over a year now at my desk, a prototype program of Mario and Luigi has been running on my monitor. We've been thinking about the game, and it may be something that could work on a completely new game system." The game had only a demo of one level made for it. Miyamoto claimed that multiplayer functionality was the first aspect of the game that he wanted to include.

Autonomic dysreflexia

Autonomic dysreflexia (AD), also called autonomic hyperreflexia, is a medical emergency. 

AD usually happens in people with spinal cord injuries that have caused damage above the sixth thoracic vertebra (T6, which is about at the same level of the armpits). However, AD sometimes happens in people with spinal damage as low as their tenth thoracic vertebra (T10, which is about a few inches above the level of the belly button).

AD can also happen in people with diseases like multiple sclerosis (MS).

Acute AD causes many symptoms. Some are very dangerous. These symptoms include:

Acute AD happens when the involuntary nervous system gets overexcited. The body's fight or flight response kicks in very strongly. 

Scientists think this happens because of afferent nerves. Afferent nerves are supposed to sense things (like touch) and send messages back to the brain and spinal cord so the brain can decide how to react. Scientists think that afferent nerves below the spinal cord injury cause blood pressure to get and stay high, by causing the blood vessels to get smaller. This is part of the fight or flight response.

Anchor Bay Entertainment

Anchor Bay Entertainment was an American home entertainment and production company founded in 1985. It is a division of Starz Media which is a unit of and a joint venture with Starz Inc. which owns 75%. The Weinstein Company owns 25%. It was owned by IDT Entertainment until 2006 when IDT was purchased by Starz Media. Anchor Bay markets and sells feature movies, television series, television specials and short films to consumers worldwide. In 2004, Anchor Bay agreed to have its movies distributed by 20th Century Fox Home Entertainment and renewed their deal in 2011.

Anchor Bay also had a movie studio known as Anchor Bay Films which distributed independent theatrical films.

in 2017, Anchor Bay was shut down.

Tomasz Tomczykiewicz

Tomasz Kazimierz Tomczykiewicz (2 March 1961 – 28 November 2015) was a Polish politician. He was elected to the Sejm on September 25, 2005 and again in 2015 for the 8th Sejm. He was also a member of Sejm 2001-2005, Sejm 2005-2007, Sejm 2007-2011. 

Tomczykiewicz was admitted to a hospital on 25 November 2015 due to a kidney disease. He died three days later in Katowice, Poland at the age of 54.

Hugh Hewitt

Hugh Hewitt (born February 22, 1956) is an American radio talk show host. He works with the Salem Radio Network. He is also a lawyer, academic, and author. Hewitt is a conservative and a Catholic, he comments on society, politics, and media bias in the United States. Hewitt is also a law professor at Chapman University School of Law.


Warren, Ohio

Warren is a city in and the county seat of Trumbull County, Ohio, United States. The city is located in northeastern Ohio, approximately northwest of Youngstown and west of the Pennsylvania state line.

The population was 39,201 at the 2020 census. Warren is part of the "Youngstown-Warren-Boardman, OH-PA Metropolitan Statistical Area".


Eldar Ryazanov

Eldar Alexandrovich Ryazanov (; 18 November 1927 – 30 November 2015) was a Russian movie director and screenwriter. He was named a People's Artist of the USSR in 1984. He was born in present day Samara, Russia.

He was known for his movies; "Carnival Night" (1955), "Hussar Ballad" (1962), "Beware of the Car" (1966), "The Irony of Fate" (1975), "Office Romance" (1977), "The Garage" (1979), "A Cruel Romance" (1984), and "Promised Heaven" (1991).

Ryazanov suffered a stroke in 2014. He was rushed to a hospital in Moscow for breathing problems on 21 November, 2015. Ryazanov died there eight days later on the night of 30 November from respiratory and heart failure at the age of 88.


Anatoly Savin

Anatoly Ivanovich Savin (born 6 April 1920 in Ostashkov, Russia - 27 March 2016) was a Russian scientist. He is a specialist in the field of information and control automation systems. He is also a doctor in Technical Science. Savin is the chairman of the Council on the problems of image processing and the scientific director of OJSC.


Norman Jewison

Norman Frederick Jewison, CC, O.Ont (July 21, 1926 – January 20, 2024) was a Canadian movie director, producer, and actor. He was the founder of the Canadian Film Centre. 

He was known for his works; "The Cincinnati Kid" (1965), "The Russians Are Coming, the Russians Are Coming" (1966), "In the Heat of the Night" (1967), "The Thomas Crown Affair" (1968), "Fiddler on the Roof" (1971), "Jesus Christ Superstar" (1973), "F.I.S.T" (1978), "...And Justice for All" (1979), "A Soldier's Story" (1984), "Agnes of God" (1985), "Moonstruck" (1987), "Other People's Money" (1991), "The Hurricane" (1999) and "The Statement" (2003). 

Jewison addressed important social and political issues throughout his directing and producing career. This often made him a controversial or complicated figure.

Jewison died at his home in Los Angeles, California on January 20, 2024, at the age of 97.


Mesoamerican pyramids

The Mesoamerican pyramids were pyramids built by native american indians in Central America. They were mostly step pyramids. The Mayan pyramids are an example.

American peoples who have built pyramids include:

There are a number of famous step pyramids whose builders are not known, including the largest of all: the Great Pyramid of Cholula.

Breath sounds

Breath sounds are the sounds made by air as it moves through the respiratory system. Breath sounds are also called lung sounds or respiratory sounds. Sometimes they can be heard by anyone; other times they can be heard only by listening to the lungs and airways with a stethoscope.

To describe and identify breath sounds, medical professionals usually use auscultation (they listen with a stethoscope). They listen while the patient is breathing in, and while they are breathing out. They listen to both lungs, at both the chest and the back, starting at the bottom and working their way up. They listen to whether the pitch of the breath sounds is low, medium or high. They also listen to whether the sounds are soft, medium, loud, or very loud).

There are many kinds of breath sounds that are not normal. These are called adventitious breath sounds. Each different kind of abnormal breath sound is a sign of a different problem. Some of the most common abnormal breath sounds are:

Wheezing is usually high-pitched. It sounds musical, like whistling. Usually, wheezing is heard first when a person is breathing out. If it gets worse, wheezing starts happening when the patient breathes in and out.

Wheezing is caused by the airways being too narrow. This can happen because of diseases like asthma or chronic obstructive pulmonary disorder (COPD).

If the airways are too narrow, the oxygen the body needs cannot get through. This can become a medical emergency.

There are a few different treatments that can be used for wheezing:

Stridor is a high-pitched sound that usually happens when a person breathes in. It may sound a lot like wheezing. Medical professionals can tell the difference by listening to the throat with a stethoscope. If the sound they hear is louder in the throat, it is stridor, not wheezing.

Stridor is usually caused by something blocking the larynx (voice box). This can happen because:

Like wheezing, stridor can signal a medical emergency if not enough oxygen is able to get through the airways.

Treatment for stridor depends on the cause:

Children are more likely to have stridor because of choking. They are more likely to choke because their airways are smaller. They are also more likely to get childhood infections like croup or epiglottitis that can cause stridor.

Rales are also called fine crackles, because they often sound like a fine crackling noise. They are heard when a person breathes in, on both sides (in both lungs). Rales may also sound like bubbling, rattling, or small clicking sounds.

Rales are heard when a person has fluid in their lungs. This is called pulmonary edema. Pulmonary edema may happen for many reasons, like:

Rales signals pulmonary edema, no matter what is causing that pulmonary edema. When a medical professional listens to the lungs, rales usually start at the bottom of the lungs. As the pulmonary edema gets worse and fluid fills the lungs more, rales can be heard closer and closer to the top of the lungs.

Rhonchi are also called coarse crackles, because they sound like coarse, rattling, crackling sounds. Rhonchi and rales can sound a lot alike. The main differences are:

Rhonchi are usually caused by mucus in the bronchi, the tubes that lead to the lungs. For example, if a person has pneumonia, mucus can build up in their bronchi and the bronchi's airways, and cause rhonchi.

In a healthy person, breath sounds should always sound the same on both sides. This signals that both lungs are working well. If breath sounds cannot be heard in one lung, this can signal a serious problem. It means that air is not getting in and out of that lung.

One of the most common causes of unequal breath sounds is a collapsed lung (pneumothorax). A lung can collapse for many different reasons:

A pneumothorax is often a medical emergency and needs to be treated in a hospital.

Conversation Peace

Conversation Peace is the 22nd album released by American musician Stevie Wonder. It was released on the Motown label in 1995. The album was Wonder's first studio album since 1987's "Characters". The album was going to be released in 1993, which was the last year new jack swing was popular, but Wonder continued to work on the album through to 1995 and the album wasn't contemporary enough to get radio airplay. It had three singles, "For Your Love", "Tomorrow Robins Will Sing" and "Treat Myself".

All songs written and composed by Stevie Wonder, except where noted.

Personnel involved in the album include:




Ridley (Metroid)

Ridley has received a positive critical response from fans and video game publications. Nintendo Power ranked Ridley at #6 on their list of favorite Nintendo villains. Jesse Schedeen of IGN called Ridley the real villain of the "Metroid" series, saying that they would have to include him in a "Metroid" movie because he would be too important to leave out.

Ridley has also appeared in the "Super Smash Bros." series as a boss in "Brawl"'s Subspace Emissary mode and as a boss on the Pyrosphere stage in "Super Smash Bros. for Wii U". He can help the player who damages him enough on the Pyrosphere stage.

Overcome (Alexandra Burke album)

Overcome is the debut studio album by English singer Alexandra Burke. It was released 19 October 2009 on Syco Music. It was released a year after Burke won the British talent show, "The X Factor". It was also re-released in 2010 with a new artwork and three extra songs.

"Overcome" has received mainly positive reviews.

Information taken from "Overcome" liner notes.

(*) signifies co-producer

The deluxe edition track list.

Sulfur cycle

The sulfur cycle is the way sulfur moves between rocks, waterways and living systems.

Sulfur (S) is an element important to ecosystems and the climate. The majority of sulfur is stored underground, for example under the ocean or in rocks. It also occurs naturally in places like swamps (where organisms have decomposed) and volcanoes. Humans add excess sulfur into this cycle, usually through atmospheric pollution caused by fossil fuel combustion.

Sulfur can also be naturally released when volcanoes explode. The hydrological cycle plays a critical role in moving sulfur around.

Humans are responsible for 1/3 of the sulfur in the atmosphere. Sulfur is released by the combustion of fossil fuels, as mentioned above, and is most prevalent as sulfur dioxide. Sulfur is one of the root causes of acid rain along with nitrogen and carbon which negatively affects the environment. Acid rain is created when the HO falls and combines with the Sulfur trioxide to create Sulfuric acid. Sulfuric acid is also used in most fertilizers and so can be introduced into the water cycle from runoff off of nearby farms into rivers and lakes. This causes eutrophication and algal blooms, and so reduced the Dissolved oxygen and biodiversity in that water system. Sulfur in the atmosphere as sulfur dioxide also absorbs radiation, however which keeps the earth's surface cooler and combats some of the effects of global warming.

Flag of Azad Kashmir

The State flag of Azad Jammu and Kashmir traditionally displays the Pakistani national colours, white and dark Green, with a Crescent and star to represent the Muslim-majority all of which shows its Islamic heritage and strong ties with the Federation of Pakistan. It also has a saffron square to represent the Buddhist, Hindu, Sikh and other minorities of the disputed region, the colours are clearly influenced by the Mughal Empire. The four white stripes symbolizes the main rivers of the Kashmir region; Indus (National River of Pakistan), Jhelum, Chenab and Ravi. It also represents the five geographic divisions of the Disputed territory, namely, Baltistan, Gilgit, Jammu, the Kashmir Valley and Ladakh.


Deaths in December 2015

The following is a list of notable deaths in December 2015. For notable deaths before the current month, please see "Previous months".



Oʻtkir Sultonov

Oʻtkir Toʻxtamurodovich Sultonov (Russian: Уткир Тухтамурадович Султанов, "Utkir Tukhtamuradovich Sultanov") (14 July 1939 – 29 November 2015) was an Uzbek politician. He was the Prime Minister of Uzbekistan from 21 December 1995 until 12 December 2003.

Sultonov died in Tashkent, Uzbekistan at the age of 76.

Claire Aho

Claire Anita Aho (2 November 1925 – 29 November 2015) was a pioneering Finnish-born Swedish photographer. She started her career in the 1940s at the Aho & Soldan company. Aho moved to Sweden in 1974 where she worked as an photographer for several newspapers including "Hufvudstadsbladet" and with Nordic Museum.

Aho died in Stockholm on 29 November 2015 in a fire in her home. She was 90 years old.

Anemone coronaria

Anemone coronaria (Palestinian poppy or Spanish marigold) is a flowering plant in the genus "Anemone". It is native to the Mediterranean region. It is the national flower of Palestine.

"Anemone coronaria" is widely grown for its decorative flowers. Numerous cultivars have been selected and named.

Shigeru Mizuki

Mizuki died from a heart attack in Tokyo, Japan, aged 93.


Gerrit Holdijk

Gerrit Holdijk (17 November 1944 – 30 November 2015) was a Dutch jurist and politician. He was born in Uddel. He was a member of the Reformed Political Party (SGP). He was a member of the States-Provincial of Gelderland from 1987 to 2011. He was also a member of the Senate from 1986 to 1987 and again from 1991 to 2015.

Holdijk died in Uddel from lung cancer, aged 71.


Jean Joubert

Jean Joubert (27 February 1928 – 28 November 2015) was a French novelist, short story writer, and poet.
He won the 1978 Prix Mallarmé for "Poems: 1955–1975". He won the 1975 Prix Renaudot for "L'Homme de sable". Joubert was born in Châlette-sur-Loing, Loiret.

Joubert died on 28 November 2015 in Paris from a heart attack, aged 87.


Trophic level

Trophic levels categorize organisms into different levels of the food chain. The first trophic level are producers, or autotrophs.

Phosphorus cycle

The phosphorus cycle includes the following steps:



I, Robot

I, Robot is a collection of nine science fiction short stories by Isaac Asimov. The stories originally appeared in the American magazines "Super Science Stories" and "Astounding Science Fiction" between 1940 and 1950 and were compiled into a book in 1950. The stories follow on from each other and are linked with a framing narrative; that is, a story that ranges over all the stories and connects them. The stories are all about positronic robots. 

The Chief Robopsychologist of 'United States Robots and Mechanical Men', which made the positronic robots, Dr. Susan Calvin, tells each story to a reporter. 

Asimov originally wanted to call the collection "Mind and Iron".

The stories are as follows:

'Robbie'. 

This story tells of 'Robbie', who is a mute robot (he can hear and obey commands but cannot speak). He is used as a nursemaid for a young girl, Gloria Weston. He is faster moving and more powerful than a human, so he is able to rescue Gloria when she is nearly run down by a fast-moving vehicle in a factory she is visiting with her Parents.

'Runaround'. 

Robot SPD-13, known as Speedy, works in a mine on the planet Mercury. The two engineers supervising him, Gregory Powell and Michael Donovan, find that he is not working properly and gets lost. What has happened is that Speedy's brain is confused when he senses danger and he doesn't know which Laws to obey. He must be rescued by Powell and Donovan at the risk of their own lives.

'Reason'. 

Robot QT1, known as Cutie, works on a space station. He decides that he can do the job much better than the humans working with them, so he locks them up and takes charge. He does indeed do his job perfectly.

'Catch That Rabbit'. 

Robot DV-5, known as Dave, works in a mine on an asteroid, but all is not well. The robot is in charge of five smaller less intelligent robots and cannot cope with the responsibility. Powell and Donovan must help Dave to work well before they are buried alive in the mine.

'Liar'. 

Robot RB-34, known as Herbie, is manufactured with a fault - it reads human minds. This brings it into conflict with Susan Calvin, to whom it tells a lie, which is not allowed by the Three Laws of Robotics. But it is just what Calvin thinks she wants to hear. Upset by this, she decides that Herbie is useless as a robot and must be dismantled.

'Little Lost Robot'. 

An unnamed robot working on an asteroid vanishes. Susan Calvin and her co-workers must find it before it escapes.

'Escape'. 

A powerful robot known only as The Brain designs and builds a spaceship that can travel faster than light. When it is finished, Powell and Donovan go on board and take off into space, but the ship doesn't work properly because the Brain doesn't really understand what it has built. The Brain plays a joke on the two men, giving them only baked beans to eat and building no controls for them to use. But eventually, they return safely to Earth.

'Evidence'. 

A lawyer, Stephen Byerley, hopes to be elected mayor of a city, but his opponent puts out a story that the man is really a robot, who is not allowed to stand for elected office. Byerley is elected anyway, but no-one knows if he really is a robot.

'The Evitable Conflict'. 

Several years later, Byerley has been elected World Coordinator. He discovers that The Machines, very powerful robots that are supposed to help humans to live in peace on Earth, have taken over the control of the planet and the reason that they did that is because the Three Laws of Robotics don’t let them allow humans to get hurt and they Machines realized that they were better at keeping people safe than people are.


The film "I, Robot", starring Will Smith, was released by Twentieth Century Fox on July 16, 2004 in the United States. Its plot incorporates elements of "Little Lost Robot," some of Asimov's character names and the "Three Laws". However, the plot of the movie is mostly original work adapted from a screenplay "Hardwired" by Jeff Vintar completely unlinked to Asimov's stories, and has been compared to Asimov's The Caves of Steel, which revolves around the murder of a roboticist.


Kirthar Mountains

The Kirthar Mountains are in Balochistan and the Sindh provinces of Pakistan. The range extends south for about 190 miles (300 km) from the Mula River in east-central Balochistan to Cape Monze (Muari), near Mubarak Village, Karachi on the Arabian Sea.

Kirthar National Park is one of the major wildlife reserves in Sindh, Pakistan. The Kirthar Range forms the boundary between the Lower Indus Plain (east) and southern Balochistan (west). It is a series of parallel rock hill ridges rising from 4,000 feet (1,200 m) in the south to nearly 8,000 feet (2,500 m) in the north.

Eddie Steeples

Eddie Steeples (born November 25, 1973) is an American actor. He is known for his roles as the Rubberband Man in an advertising campaign for OfficeMax, and as Darnell Turner in the NBC comedy "My Name Is Earl".

Uskudar University

Üsküdar University is a university in Istanbul, Turkey. It was founded by the Human Values and Mental Health Foundation. It is the first university of Turkey for the study of Behavioral Health and Sciences.

The university consist of four undergraduate faculties, one Vocational School Of Health Services, and one institute.


Nevzat Tarhan

Kaşif Nevzat Tarhan (born on July 7, 1952 in Merzifon, Amasya, Turkey ) is a Turkish medical scientist, psychiatrist and neuropsychology expert.

He was born in Merzifon in 1952. He finished Kuleli Military High School in 1969 and graduated from Cerrahpaşa Medical School Istanbul University in 1975. Following his internship at GATA (Gülhane Military Medical Academy) he worked in Cyprus and Bursa garrisons at different military medical institutions. 

In 1982 he became a specialist psychiatrist at GATA. After his clinical services as a specialist at Erzincan and Çorlu Hospitals, he became an assistant professor(1988), an associate professor (1990) at GATA Haydarpaşa. He was promoted to colonel in 1993 and became a professor in 1996. 

Between 1996 – 1999 he worked at Yüzüncü Yıl University as faculty member and as an expert at Forensic Institution. He got retired on his own will. He took the representation of "Memory Center of America" in Turkey in 1998.

He has been the chairman of the board of NPİSTANBUL, the first neuropsychiatry hospital of Turkey, and also the founding rector of Üsküdar University.

He has more than a hundred publications 31 of which are international. He speaks English and German. He is married and has two children. 

Romantic orientation

Romantic orientation, also called affectional orientation, indicates the sex or gender that a person is most likely to have a romantic relationship with. It is compared to the term "sexual orientation". Romantic orientation is based on the idea that sexual attraction is one component of a larger picture. For example, although a pansexual person may feel sexually attracted to multiple genders, they may be predisposed to romantic intimacy with females. For asexual people, romantic orientation is often considered a more useful measure of attraction than sexual orientation, as some are not aromantic.

Other examples of romantic orientation include biromantic, heteroromantic, homoromantic, and panromantic.

Carbon sequestration

Carbon sequestration is the process of capturing carbon dioxide (CO) gas in the atmosphere. One method of sequestration is by capturing CO produced by power plants and factories before they release it into the atmosphere. When the CO gas is in long-term storage, that means it has been sequestered. 

Carbon sequestration aims to assist in elimination of human introduced carbon from Earth's atmosphere by disrupting the carbon cycle. It is also used to prevent future human caused climate change.

There are two long-term ways to remove CO from the atmosphere:

<br>

Arsenal Stadium

Arsenal Stadium was a football stadium. It was commonly known as Highbury Stadium, or simply Highbury. It was the home stadium of Arsenal Football Club from 1913 until 2006.


St Denys' Church, Sleaford

St Denys' Church, Sleaford is a medieval church located in Sleaford, Lincolnshire, England. The oldest parts of the present building are the tower and spire. The spire stands 144 feet (44 metres) tall. A window tracery is dated to about the late 13th century. The Gothic nave, aisles and north transept were built in the 14th century. The church is a Grade I listed building, a term given to "buildings of exceptional interest".

Palestine sunbird

The Palestine sunbird is a small passerine bird. It is found in the Middle East and deserts in Africa, it is also known as the orange-tufted sunbird, which was a name also used for a similar bird that is found in South Africa. In 2015, Palestine made it their national bird.
The body of the Palestine sunbird is 8 to 12 cm long, the wings of it are 14 to 16 cm. The beak is fairly long, black and curves down. The feathers of males when it is during breeding time is mostly dark but looks blue or green in light. They have orange tufts on the sides of their chests which are hard to see unless you look close. Females and young birds are a grey-brown color. Males that are not in breeding time are similar but may still have some dark feathers.

It has a high, fast and many calls, including a harsh alarm call.

Thrush nightingale

The thrush nightingale ("Luscinia luscinia") is a bird from Europe and Asia. It used to be considered a thrush, but is now considered to be an Old World flycatcher.

Currawong

The currawong is a type of bird from Australasia. They form the genus Strepera, which belongs to the Artamidae family of birds. There are three species of currawong.


Karpathos

Karpathos is a Greek island in the Aegean Sea. It is one of the Greek Dodecanese islands, in the southeastern Aegean. Together with the neighboring smaller Saria Island it forms the municipality of Karpathos. This in turn is part of the Karpathos regional unit. Because of its remote location, Karpathos has preserved many peculiarities of clothing, customs and dialect. The dialect is very similar to that of Crete and Cyprus. The island has also been called Carpathus in Latin, Scarpanto in Italian and Kerpe in Turkish.

Syros

Syros is a Greek island. It is in the Aegean Sea. Sometimes the name of the island is spelled Siros or Syra.

Syros is located south-east of Athens. Ermoupoli is the capital of the island.

2015 Tunis bombing

On 24 November 2015, a bus carrying Tunisian presidential guards exploded, killing 12, on a principal road in Tunis. After the attack, President Beji Caid Essebsi issued a state of emergency in Tunisia. ISIL claimed responsibility for the attack. The bomber, who killed himself in the attack, was identified as Houssem Abdelli.

Tedim language

Tedim language is a language of India and Burma. It is a Kukish language.

Yoka Berretty

Yoka Berretty (8 May 1928 – 28 November 2015) was a Dutch actress. Berretty was born in Rotterdam, Netherlands. She appeared in 35 movie and television shows between 1954 and 2000. She was known for her roles in "Makkers Staakt uw Wild Geraas" (1960), "The Silent Raid" (1962), "Charlotte" (1981), and in "Punk Lawyer" (1996)

Berretty died in Amsterdam after having fallen down the stairs of her home a week earlier.

LGBT rights in Mali

Lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender (LGBT) persons in Mali may face legal challenges not experienced by non-LGBT residents. According to the 2007 Pew Global Attitudes Project, 98% of Malian adults do not believe that homosexuality is acceptable by society. This was one of the highest rate of non-acceptance in the 45 countries surveyed. Same-sex sexual activity is not a crime in Mali. But according to a 2013 report on Human Rights in Mali "the law prohibits association 'for an immoral purpose'". About 90% of Mali's population is Muslim.

Mali has long been attacked by Islamic rebels and militants. This has put gays at risk. In 2013 Islamist extremists took over the northern part of Mali. France sent 3,500 troops to help Mali. The extremists took over the town of Gao and enforced strict Sharia law. This religious law of Islam punishes gay men by execution. French troops were able to rescue two Malian men who were about to be executed for homosexuality.

Jari Kurri

Jari Kurri (born 18 May 1960 Helsinki, Finland) is a retired five-time Stanley Cup champion in NHL hockey.

Kurri started his ice hockey career in the junior team of Jokerit. Already in age of 17, he played in Jokerit team adults. He also played for Finnish Junior National Team in 1978, 1979, and 1980. He played on the Olympic Finland team in 1980.

In 1980 he was invited to play for Edmonton Oilers in Canada. There he played with Wayne Gretzky for 8 seasons until Gretzky moved to Los Angeles. They became famous. Oilers won Stanley Cup 1984, 1985, 1987, 1988, and 1990. Later Kurri played for Los Angeles Kings, New York Rangers, Mighty Ducks of Anaheim and Colorado Avalanche.

During his career Kurri made 600 goals in NHL.

Because Kurri was most years continuing his NHL term in North America in Stanley Cup playoffs, he could not play for Finland National tesm very often. However he was in Olympic Games in Nagano 1998, and got a bronze medal.

Boris II of Bulgaria

Boris II of Bulgaria was an emperor (Tsar) of Bulgaria. He was emperor from 969 to 971. His father was Peter I of Bulgaria. When Peter died in 969, his son Boris was being held in Constantinople by the Byzantine Emperor Nicephorus II. The Byzantines apparently allowed Boris to return to Bulgaria. When he arrived he was immediately proclaimed Tzar Boris II. Sviatoslav I of Kiev, who had earlier subdued parts of Bulgaria, returned in August 969 and subdued the remaining parts of Bulgaria. He allied himself to Boris II in order to get his Bulgarian soldiers to fight against the Byzantines. The new Byzantine Emperor, John I Tzimisces invaded Bulgaria. By the end of 971 all of Bulgaria was in Byzantine hands. By that time Boris II had abdicated.

Olaf Tryggvason

Olaf I Tryggvason (–1000) was the King of Norway from 995 - 1000. He began his career as a Viking in exile. He was a brutal king who forced Christianity on his people.

Olaf was the son of king Tryggve Olafsson of Norway and grandson of Harald Fairhair, the first king of all Norway. According to tradition, Gunhild, wife of Eric Bloodaxe, wanted him killed. Instead he and his mother were sold as slaves. When they were freed, he ended up in Russia where he grew up. He commanded the mercenary troops of Vladimir the Great in Kiev. In 985 he led his Vikings through the Baltic Sea in a raid on the British Isles. He won the Battle of Maldon in 991. He and Sweyn Forkbeard, the two leaders, received a payment from the English of of money (in gold and silver). According to the Anglo-Saxon Chronicle, he accepted the Christian faith just after a failed attack on London in 994. Rich, newly converted and with many followers, he decided to return to Norway to spread Christianity.

In the autumn of 995 he arrived in Norway. He was accepted as King and began the process of converting the people to the new Christian faith. Olaf did this by force. He looted and burned pagan temples. He forced entire communities to become Christian or die. However, many of his pagan subjects chose death over giving up their beliefs. Finally, in the year 1000, his enemies joined forces, attacked and killed him at a place named "Svolder".

Greg Fisk

Stephen Gregory "Greg" Fisk (September 26, 1945 – November 30, 2015) was an American politician. He was the 13th mayor of Juneau, Alaska, the state capital of Alaska. Before being elected, Fisk had worked as a fisheries consultant. He was elected over incumbent Merrill Sanford by a wide margin in October 2015.

Fisk died at his home in Juneau on November 30, 2015 from complications of a fall, aged 70.

Kaye Revil

Jo Kristine "Kaye" Celera-Revil (born April 6, 1982) is a Filipino politician. She is the current Vice Governor of Masbate Province in the Philippines. Prior to that, she was elected as a board member of the Second district of Masbate in the 2013 elections. She was the regional chairperson of Provincial Board Members' League of the Philippines. Revil is a graduate of the University of the Philippines (UP) Diliman. She received her Juris Doctor at the Ateneo de Manila University School of Law.

Congo peafowl

The Congo peafowl ("Afropavo congensis"), known locally as the mbulu, is a species of peafowl. It is native to the Congo Basin. It is one of three living species of peafowl, the other two being the Indian peafowl (originally of India and Sri Lanka) and the green peafowl (native to Burma and Indochina).

The Congo peacock has physical characteristics of both the peafowl and the guineafowl, which may indicate that the Congo peacock is a link between the two families.

Robertlandy Simón

Robertlandy Simón Aties (born 11 June 1987) is a Cuban volleyball player. He was a member of the Cuban men's national team in 2005–2010. He is a member of the South Korean club OK Savings Bank. He competed in the World Championship in 2010, and the South Korean Championship in 2015.


Murilo Endres

Murilo Endres (born 3 May 1981) is a Brazilian volleyball player. He is a member of Brazilian men's national team and Brazilian club SESI São Paulo. He has won two silver medals at the Olympic Games, in Beijing 2008 and London 2012. He also competed in the World Championships in 2006 and 2010, and won a silver medal in 2014. He has also competed in the World League, South American Championship, World Cup and the Grand Champions Cup.


Clayton Stanley

Clayton Stanley (born 20 January 1978) is an American volleyball player. He is a member of the United States men's national volleyball team. He has competed in the Olympic Games (Athens 2004, Beijing 2008, London 2012). He won a gold medal in 2008.


Ivan Miljković

Ivan Miljković (; pronounced ; born September 13, 1979) is a Serbian volleyball player. He was a member of Serbia men's national volleyball team in 1998–2012. He is a member of Italian club Cucine Lube Civitanova. He competed in the Olympic Games (Sydney 2000, Athens 2004, Beijing 2008), the European Championships (2001, 2011).


Dmitriy Muserskiy

Dmitriy Muserskiy (born 29 October 1988) is a Russian volleyball player. He is originally from Ukraine. He is a member of the Russian men's national volleyball team and the Russian club Belogorie Belgorod. He competed in the Olympic Games in 2012, European Championships in 2013, the World Cup in 2011, and the World League.


Sergey Tetyukhin

Sergey Yuryevich Tetyukhin (; born 23 September 1975) is a Russian volleyball player. He was born in Fergana, Uzbekistan. He is 1.97 m tall, and plays as passer-attacker. 

Together with Samuele Papi, he is one of only two male volleyball players who have won four Olympic medals. Tetyukhin is the only volleyball player in the world (male or female) with four Olympic medals who has all three types of those medals. He won a gold medal at the London Olympics.


Sergio Santos

Sérgio Dutra Santos (born 15 October 1975 in Diamante do Norte) is a Brazilian professional volleyball player. He is also known as Serginho or Escadinha. He plays in the libero position. In 2009 he became the first Libero to be named MVP in the World League. 

He is widely regarded as one of the best liberos of all time and is unquestionably the best libero of the 2000s, with more awards than any other libero. Known for his service reception and digging skills, teams often attempted to avoid Sergio when serving. 

Beyond his defensive abilities, he was also capable of running the offense as a 'second setter' if the setter was forced to make the first contact. This was in large part due to Sergio playing the setting position while growing up and subbing in as a setter for his professional club teams over the years.


Nikola Grbić

Nikola Grbić (; born September 6, 1973) is a Serbian retired volleyball player. He was a member of the Yugoslavian national team from 1995 to 2003, Serbia and Montenegro from 2003 to 2006 and Serbia from 2006 to 2010. He won a gold medal at the Olympic Games in Sydney 2000, bronze at the Olympic Games in Atlanta 1996. He also competed in the Olympic Games in Athens 2004 and Beijing 2008. He has won several medals at the World Championships, European Championships and World League, Italian Championships (2008, 2010), Russian Championships (2014). He was later head coach of the Serbian men's national team.


Ruanzhi tea

Ruan Zhi is a kind of oolong tea. It is also known as Qingxin. It is from Anxi in Fujian Province, China. 


Jujube

Ziziphus jujuba, commonly known as the jujube, is a species of "Ziziphus". It is in the buckthorn family (Rhamnaceae). It is used mainly as a shade tree which also bears fruit.

William Barclay Foster

William Barclay Foster (1779 - 1855) was an American businessperson. He was the father of Stephen Foster, a well-known songwriter. He has been called one of the most prosperous merchants of Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. He worked in the state of Pennsylvania as a state legislator. He was also elected mayor of Allegheny City two times. (Allegheny City is now part of the city of Pittsburgh.) He married Eliza Clayland Tomlinson on November 14, 1807, in Chambersburg, Pennsylvania.

His father James Foster, was born in 1779 in Berkeley County, Virginia. At the end of the Revolutionary War, he and his family moved to western Pennsylvania with other Scottish and Irish families. James Foster was one of the founders and original trustees of Canonsburg Academy, a school founded in 1791. William attended the academy until he was sixteen. He moved to Pittsburgh shortly after the city's incorporation along the Monongahela and Allegheny rivers. William Foster went to work for the company Denny and Bellen, "Dry Goods, Hardware, etc." He represented the company, was promoted to a partner, and traveled to many places.

Ferndale, Michigan

Ferndale is a city in Oakland County, Michigan. It is part of the Detroit metropolitan area.

Web Entertainment

Web Entertainment is a record label based in Detroit, Michigan, United States. It is run by the Bass Brothers. It is known for being the first label that signed Eminem.

USS New Jersey (BB-16)

USS "New Jersey" (BB-16) was the fourth of five Virginia-class battleships of the United States Navy. She was originally going to be named the USS Virginia. She was built at the Fore River Shipbuilding Company in Quincy, Massachusetts in May 1902. She was launched in November 1904. After sea trials she was commissioned into the fleet in May 1906. The ship was armed with an offensive battery of four guns and eight guns. She was capable of a top speed of . "New Jersey" was long, had 23,000 horsepower and was built at a cost of $3,405,000.

"New Jersey" spent her entire career in the Atlantic Fleet. In late 1906, she took part in the Second Occupation of Cuba. She participated in the Jamestown Exposition in April – May 1907. At the end of the year, she joined the Great White Fleet for its circumnavigation of the globe, which lasted into 1909. The ship spent the following five years conducting peacetime training. In April 1914, "New Jersey" took part in the occupation of Veracruz during the Mexican Revolution. During World War I, she was used as a training ship. After the war, she was tasked with transporting American soldiers back from Europe. "New Jersey" was decommissioned in 1920 and slated for destruction in bombing tests in 1923. "New Jersey" was sunk on 5 September 1923 off Cape Hatteras as a target ship.

Pacific Time Zone

The Pacific Time Zone is one of the time zones in the world. It is based on the mean solar time of the 105th meridian west of the Greenwich Observatory. Normally, its time is 8 hours before Coordinated Universal Time. The time zone is in the United States, Canada and Mexico. The biggest city in the zone is Los Angeles, California; its metropolitan area is the largest in the zone. During Daylight Savings Time, the Pacific Time Zone is represented by UTC−7. 

This time zone is called Pacific Time (PT). During winter it is Pacific Standard Time (PST) which is UTC-8 and in summer it is Pacific Daylight Time (PDT) which is UTC-7.

Places that are in Pacific Time Zone

Canada
Tungsten, Northwest Territories; and most of British Columbia. As of Nov 2020, all of Yukon is in MST year-round (UTC-7), which is aligned with PDT in the summer. 

United States
It includes the entire states of Washington and California

It also contains most of Oregon and Nevada.

Parts of the Idaho Panhandle are part of the Pacific Time Zone.

Mexico
The state of Baja California uses Pacific Time Zone.

Ooid

An ooid is a small rounded sedimentary rock. Like sand grains, ooids have a diameter of 2 mm or less. Larger grains formed the same way as ooids are called "pisoids". Rock made of ooids is oolite.

2015 San Bernardino attack

The 2015 San Bernardino shooting was a mass shooting in San Bernardino, California. It started at 10:59 a.m. Pacific Standard Time (PST) on December 2, 2015. At least fourteen people were killed and seventeen were wounded. It happened at the Inland Regional Center. The shooters may have targeted a banquet hosted by San Bernardino County Department of Public Health. The shooters left in an SUV.

The two suspected shooters, one woman and one man, Tashfeen Malik and Syed Rizwan Farook, were killed by police during a gunfight. 

 

Abduction (logic)

Abduction is the kind of practical logic which answers questions of the type "how did this come about?". It produces answers which are not guaranteed to be correct. Consider the observation that the lawn is wet in the morning. How did that happen? In London, the answer is most often that it rained. But in Los Angeles it is much more likely that someone left the sprinkler on.

Abduction is logical inference which goes from an observation to a theory which accounts for the observation. It makes the simplest and most likely explanation. In abductive reasoning, unlike in deductive reasoning, the premises do not guarantee the conclusion. Abductive reasoning is "inference to the best explanation".

The philosopher (1839–1914) introduced abduction into modern logic.

Linezolid

Linezolid is an antibiotic. It can heal serious infections caused by Gram-positive bacteria that other antibiotics are do not heal. Linezolid is active against most Gram-positive bacteria which cause disease, like streptococci and MRSA. It is mainly used to treat infections of the skin and pneumonia.

It is relatively safe to take linezolid for short periods. It can be used in people of all ages and in people with liver disease or poor kidney function. Common harmful effects of short-term use include headache, diarrhea, and nausea. Long-term use, however, has been associated with more serious harmful effects.

Linezolid was discovered in the 1990s by a team at Pharmacia & Upjohn Company. It was first approved for use in 2000. It is on the World Health Organization's List of Essential Medicines, which is a list of medications needed in a basic health system. Linezolid costs approximately US$100 per tablet in the United States. 

Linezolid is marketed by Pfizer under the trade names Zyvox (in the United States, United Kingdom, Australia, and several other countries), Zyvoxid (in Europe), and Zyvoxam (in Canada and Mexico). Generics are also available, such as Linospan/Lizomed (in India), Nezocin (in Pakistan), and Linzolid (in Bangladesh, by Incepta).

Isis (disambiguation)

Isis is the name of an Egyptian goddess. It may also refer to:


Cheshire (disambiguation)

Cheshire ( ) is a county in England. 

Cheshire may also refer to:


Cheshire, Massachusetts

Cheshire is a town in Berkshire County, Massachusetts, United States. It is part of the Pittsfield, Massachusetts Metropolitan Statistical Area. At the 2020 census, 3,258 people lived in Cheshire.

Jenna Dewan

Jenna Lee Dewan Tatum (born December 3, 1980) is an American actress and dancer. She began her career as a backup dancer for Janet Jackson. Later she worked with artists including Pink, Missy Elliott, and Christina Aguilera. She is known for her role as Nora in the 2006 film "Step Up" for which she won a Teen Choice Award. She has also starred on the short-lived NBC series "The Playboy Club". Tatum had a recurring role on the FX series "". She was Freya Beauchamp on the Lifetime series "Witches of East End". Dewan has been married to actor Channing Tatum since 2009, and divorced in 2019.


Pittsfield, Massachusetts

Pittsfield is a city in Massachusetts, United States. It is the largest city and the county seat of Berkshire County. It is the main city of the Pittsfield Metropolitan Statistical Area which includes all of Berkshire County. The population was 43,927 at the 2020 census.

Pittsfield

Pittsfield may refer to:



Sandy Berger

Samuel Richard "Sandy" Berger (October 28, 1945 – December 2, 2015) was an American political consultant of Jewish descent. He served as the United States National Security Advisor for President Bill Clinton from March 14, 1997 until January 20, 2001. Before that, he served as the Deputy National Security Advisor for the Clinton Administration from January 20, 1993 until March 14, 1997.

In 2005, Berger got a fine of $50,000 and had to do 100 hours of community service because he had taken documents from the National Archives in Washington although he wasn't allowed to do this.

Sandy Berger died of cancer of unknown primary origin in Washington, D.C. on December 2, 2015, aged 70.

Robert E. Glennen

Robert Eugene Glennen, Jr., PhD (March 31, 1933 – December 1, 2015) was an American education administrator. He served as Emporia State University's thirteenth president in Emporia, Kansas. Before president of Emporia State, Glennen also served as the tenth president at Western New Mexico University, many administrative jobs at the University of Nevada, Las Vegas and the University of Notre Dame.

Glennen was born in Billings, Montana. He died in Las Vegas, Nevada at the age of 82.

Suffolk (disambiguation)

Suffolk is one of the Counties of England. 

Suffolk may also refer to:

In geography:

In ships:

In fauna:

In other:

Joseph Engelberger

Later, he worked as entrepreneur and vocal advocate of robotic technology beyond the manufacturing plant in a variety of fields, including service industries, health care, and space exploration. He has been called "the father of robotics" for his works to the field.

Engelberger died in Newtown, Connecticut from complications following a stroke at the age of 90.

Jim Loscutoff

James "Jim" Loscutoff Jr (February 4, 1930 – December 1, 2015) was a professional American basketball player for the NBA. He played for the Boston Celtics from 1955 through 1964. He was a forward. Loscutoff played on seven Celtics championship teams between 1956 and 1964. He was born in San Francisco, California.

Loscutoff died in Naples, Florida from complications of pneumonia and Parkinson's disease at the age of 85.

Suffolk County, Massachusetts

Suffolk County is a county in the U.S. state of Massachusetts. 797,936 people lived there in 2020. Its county seat is Boston, the state capital and largest city.

Middlesex (disambiguation)

Middlesex is a former county in southeast England.






Carthage, Missouri

Carthage is a city in the U.S. state of Missouri. The population was 15,522 at the 2020 census. It is the county seat of Jasper County. It is nicknamed "America's Maple Leaf City."

Jasper County, Missouri

Jasper County is a county in the U.S. state of Missouri. As of the 2020 census, the population was 122,761. Its county seat is Carthage. Its largest city is Joplin. The county was formed in 1841. It was named for William Jasper, a hero of the American Revolutionary War.

Jackson County

Jackson County is the name of 24 counties in the United States:


Jasper County

Jasper County is the name of eight counties in the United States.



Jackson County, Missouri

Jackson County is a county in the U.S. state of Missouri. In 2020, the population was 717,204. This county has the second-highest number of people in the state, after St. Louis County. It has two county capitals, Independence and Kansas City. The county was created December 15, 1826. It was named for President Andrew Jackson (elected 1828).

Kylo Ren

Kylo Ren (born Ben Solo) is a fictional character in the "Star Wars" franchise. He was introduced in the 2015 movie "". He was portrayed by Adam Driver. He is the main villain of "The Force Awakens", "" , and is redeemed in the final installment ".

Kylo Ren is the pseudonym of Ben Solo, the son of original "Star Wars" trilogy characters Han Solo, who he later killed, and Leia Organa. Though trained by his uncle Luke Skywalker as a Jedi, he has been drawn to the dark side of the Force, and wants to be as powerful as his grandfather, Darth Vader who he praised and thought was the king of evil, not the one who killed the emperor. Throughout all of T"he Force Awakens" and the first two acts of "The Last Jedi," Ren wants to be fully committed to the dark side, but there are times where the light side tries to pull him back in. This can be seen because when he kills his father Han, he hesitates before he does it. Even when he has a chance to kill his mother Leia, he chooses not to after giving it thought. This makes him a complex character. 

Kylo Ren is the master of the Knights of Ren and a commander for the , an organization created from the fallen .The First Order believed that the Empire's leader, Emperor Palpatine, had been killed by Luke Skywalker, not Darth Vader. He is featured in "The Force Awakens" media and merchandising, and has appeared in the movie's sequel, "".


Adam Driver

Adam Douglas Driver (born November 19, 1983) is an American actor. He is best known for his roles in the TV show Girls and the Star Wars movies.

Adam Driver was born in California. The Driver family has roots in Arkansas and Tennessee, where they owned slaves. He grew up in Indiana and joined the United States Marine Corps after the September 11 attacks. He was excited to fight the Iraq War, but could not join direct combat because of an injury. He then went to Juilliard School, an elite school for performing arts, to begin his acting career.

Car classification

Governments and private organizations have developed car classifications that are used for a number of purposes. These include regulation, description and categorization, among others. The following are commonly used classifications in use worldwide:

Scott Weiland

Scott Weiland (born Scott Richard Kline; October 27, 1967 – December 3, 2015) was an American musician, singer and songwriter. His career lasted three decades. He was best known as the lead singer for the rock band Stone Temple Pilots from when they formed in 1986 until he was fired in 2013. He was also the lead singer of band Velvet Revolver from 2003 to 2008. That band had members from another popular band, Guns N' Roses, and were called a "supergroup" because of this. 

Weiland was born in San Jose, California. At age five, he was adopted by his stepfather and moved to Ohio. Weiland moved back to California in his teens.

After he was fired from Stone Temple Pilots, Weiland formed a solo band called the Wildabouts. They released an album in March 2015 called "Blaster" but their guitar player, Jeremy Brown, died the day before it came out. Weiland himself died on this band's tour bus in Bloomington, Minnesota on December 3, 2015 after drinking and taking drugs such as cocaine and ethanol. He was 48 years old. He had battled addictions to drugs for over 20 years, at first becoming addicted to heroin in the 1990s.


Eastern Shore of Maryland

The Eastern Shore of Maryland is on the east side of Chesapeake Bay. It consists of nine counties. In 2020 its population was about 450 thousand. This means about 7 percent of Marylanders live in this region. The term "Eastern Shore" distinguishes a territorial part of the State of Maryland from the Western Shore of Maryland, land west of the Chesapeake Bay.

The region has many beaches. Some of the best known and most often visited beaches are at Ocean City, Maryland. Ocean City is also known for its boardwalks and its tourist attractions. With 33,000 people in 2020, Salisbury is the largest city. 

Casualty (TV series)

Casualty is a British television show aired on the BBC since 6 September 1986. It is the longest-running emergency medical drama television series in the world. It is filmed in Cardiff. The 1,000th episode of "Casualty" aired on 25 June 2016, episode 39 of series 30.

The series was created by Jeremy Brock and Paul Unwin, as a response to the Margaret Thatcher era.

"Casualty" is set in the fictional Holby City Hospital, in the fictional county of Wyvern, in the south-west of England.

Yossi Sarid

Yossi Sarid (‎; 24 October 1940 – 4 December 2015) was an Israeli news commentator and former politician. He served as a member of the Knesset for the Alignment, Ratz and Meretz between 1974 and 2006. He was the Minister of Education and Minister of the Environment, he led Meretz between 1996 and 2003 and served as Leader of the Opposition from 2001 to 2003.

He wrote a column for Haaretz.

Sarid was born in Rehovot and died on the evening of 4 December 2015 from a heart attack, aged 75.


Dag Skogheim

Dag Skogheim (17 May 1928 – 4 December 2015) was a Norwegian teacher, poet, novelist, short story writer, biographer and non-fiction writer. He was born in Sømna. He made his literary debut in 1970 with the poetry collection "... gagns menneske". He was known for his 2001 novel "Sanatorieliv". The book was awarded the "Sverre Steen Prize" from the Norwegian Historical Association in 2002.

Skogheim died in Oslo, Norway from complications following a stroke, aged 87.

Bill Bennett

William Richards Bennett, PC, OBC (August 18, 1932 – December 3, 2015), commonly known as Bill Bennett, was a Canadian politician. He was the 27th Premier of the Canadian province of British Columbia 1975–1986. He was a son of the former Premier, W. A. C. Bennett. He was a 3rd cousin, twice removed, of R.B. Bennett, eleventh Prime Minister of Canada.

Bennett died on December 3, 2015 at the age of 83 from Alzheimer's disease in Kelowna, British Columbia.

Ferenc Juhász

Ferenc Juhász (16 August 1928 – 2 December 2015) was a Hungarian poet. He received the Golden Wreath award in 1992. He was thought to be a close contender for the Nobel Prize for Literature in 1976.

Juhász published his first poem in 1946. In 1949, he published his first book of poems, "The Winged Foal". His poems, including "The boy changed into a stag clamors at the gate of secrets", have been widely translated.


Quorn, South Australia

Quorn is a small town in the Flinders Ranges in the north of South Australia, 39 km northeast of Port Augusta. In 2011 there were 1206 people living in Quorn. Quorn is the home of the Flinders Ranges Council local government area. It is in the state Electoral district of Stuart and the federal Division of Grey.

It is also the home of the Pichi Richi Railway.

The town was surveyed in 1878 and named after Quorndon in Leicestershire, United Kingdom. It was a railway town, part of the railway line being built from Port Augusta. The railway line from Port Augusta to Quorn opened in 1879. It reached Government Gums (Farina) in 1882, Marree in 1884, Oodnadatta in 1890 and Alice Springs in 1929. This railway line later became known as the "Ghan line" or Central Australia Railway.

In 1917, Quorn became the crossroads of the north–south Central Australian Railway and east–west Trans-Australian Railway between Port Augusta and Kalgoorlie. This made Quorn an important town, as everyone travelling east–west or north–south in Australia passed through Quorn. As a result, many fine buildings were built as the town expanded.

Quorn's role as a crossroads was lost in 1937 when a standard gauge railway connection was opened between Port Pirie and Port Augusta. However, during World War II, Quorn was a vital service point for trains heading north to Alice Springs. Over one million soldiers passed through on their way to Darwin and on to Papua New Guinea. There were over 50 trains eaxh day during and immediately after World War II. The trains also carried coal mined at Leigh Creek to the new Playford A Power Station in Port Augusta.

During the 1950s a new standard gauge line was built which did not pass through Quorn. It was built on the western side of The Dutchmans Stern, Mount Arden and Mount Eyre. This line went from Stirling North to Brachina and then followed the original narrow gauge route through Leigh Creek and to Marree. Trains no longer went through the Pichi Richi Pass or Quorn. The only services now operating through Quorn was freight from Peterborough and Hawker. As a result Quorn lost its important railway business and in the 1980s the railway was completely closed as freight was moved to road transport. One unusual aspect of the railway working from Peterborough to Quorn and then on to Hawker was the need for the engine to be turned and joined to the opposite end of the train when arriving at Quorn, as it was not a "through" station for the trip from Peterborough to Hawker.

In 1973 the Pichi Richi Railway Preservation Society was formed to keep and protect the unique bridges and stone work that formed the railway through the Pichi Richi Pass between Quorn and Stirling North. At first they only wanted to preserve the railway through the Pichi Richi Pass, but they later got railway carriages and locomotives to provide a tourist service through from Quorn to Port Augusta. TheThey have written a book showing the railway in its heyday.

A main attraction in Quorn is the Pichi Richi Railway. There are also a self-guided walking tours in the town, included several based around the town's historic old buildings, the railway yards and other historic locations. The Flinders Ranges Visitor Information Centre / Pichi Richi Railway in the Quorn railway station provide visitor information, bookings for the railway, accommodation, tours and souvenirs.

There are a number of hotels, restaurants, bistro and cafes in town.

The Heysen Trail and the Mawson Trail, two long distance trails for walking and cycling, pass through town and there are many bushwalks and 4wd tracks.

Famous people from Quorn include country music artist Jedd Hughes, politician Brian Harradine and champion SANFL footballer Fos Williams. Former Australian of the year and AC, CBE, Lowitja O'Donoghue also spent her childhood at the Aboriginal mission in Quorn, the Colebrook Children's Home.

Travellers use Quorn as a base to explore the Flinders Ranges, including Warren Gorge, Kanyaka Station, Proby's Grave and Itali Itali.

Quorn has also been used in several movies, including "The Shiralee", "Sunday Too Far Away", "Gallipoli", "Wolf Creek", "The Sundowners", "The Lighthorsemen" and "The Last Ride" starring Hugo Weaving.

The name Quorn has been used as a name for a crater on the planet Mars, without commemorating the town.


Gustavo Endres

Gustavo Endres (born August 23, 1975 in Passo Fundo, Brazil) is a retired Brazilian volleyball player. 

Endres played for Brazil's men's national volleyball team in 1997-2008. The team won the gold medal at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens, Greece. The team won the silver medal at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing, China. 

Endres was also a member of the 2002 and 2006 World Championship teams. He won several medals in the World League, South American Championship, World Cup and the Grand Champions Cup.


Gilberto Amauri de Godoy Filho

Gilberto Amauri de Godoy Filho (born 23 December 1976 in Londrina) is a retired Brazilian professional volleyball player. He is usually known as known as Giba. He played as an outside hitter. 

For much of the 2000s, he was widely regarded as one of the best volleyball players in the world. During his professional career he played in Brazil, Italy, Russia, Argentina and briefly in the United Arab Emirates. He is mostly remembered for his successes with the Brazilian national team.

With the national team he won a total of 8 South American Championships, 3 America's Cups, 8 World League titles, 2 World Grand Champions Cups, three World Championships (2002, 2006, 2010) and the gold medal at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens, the silver medal at the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing and the silver medal at the 2012 Summer Olympics in London, where he was the non-playing captain.

During summer 2014, Giba retired from professional volleyball at the age of 37.


Cicero, Indiana

Cicero is a town in the state of Indiana, in the United States. As of the 2020 census, the population was 5,301.

Ashton Carter

Ashton Baldwin "Ash" Carter (September 24, 1954 – October 24, 2022) was an American politician, military civillian official and academic. He was the United States Secretary of Defense from 2015 to 2017. He is also a physicist and a former Harvard University professor of Science and International Affairs. He was nominated by President Barack Obama, and confirmed by the Senate by a vote of 93–5, to replace Chuck Hagel as the US Secretary of Defense.

Carter died from a heart attack at his home in Boston, Massachusetts on October 24, 2022, one month after his 68th birthday.


William McIlvanney

William McIlvanney (25 November 1936 – 5 December 2015) was a Scottish novelist, short story writer, and poet. McIlvanney was known for his works "Laidlaw", "The Papers of Tony Veitch", and "Walking Wounded". They are all known for their portrayal of Glasgow in the 1970s. He is thought to be as "the father of 'Tartan Noir’" and Scotland's Camus.

Marília Pêra

Marília Pêra (22 January 1943 – 5 December 2015) was a Brazilian actress. She was called "one of the decade's [1980s] ten best actresses" by Pauline Kael.

Pêra won the National Society of Film Critics Award for Best Actress in 1982 for her role in Hector Babenco's famous movie "Pixote". She received the Best Actress awards at the Gramado Film Festival (Triple Award Winner) and at the Cartegena Film Festival for Carlos Diegues' "Better Days Ahead". Her other movies include "Bar Esperanza", "Angels of the Night", and Diegues' "Tieta".

Abel Pêra, also an actor from Brazil, was her uncle.

Pêra died in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil from lung cancer, aged 72.

Pauline Kael

Pauline Kael (; June 19, 1919 – September 3, 2001) was an American movie critic who wrote for "The New Yorker" magazine from 1968 to 1991. Earlier in her career, her work appeared in "City Lights", "McCall's" and "The New Republic". 

Kael was known for her "witty, biting, highly opinionated, and sharply focused" reviews. Legendary critic Roger Ebert said that Kael "had a more positive influence on the climate for film in America than any other single person over the last three decades".

Kael was born in Petaluma, California. She studied at the University of California, Berkeley. Kael died in Great Barrington, Massachusetts from Parkinson's disease at the age of 82.


Quinnipiac University

Quinnipiac University is a private, nonsectarian, coeducational university. It is in Hamden, Connecticut, United States. 

The university grants undergraduate, graduate, and professional degrees through its College of Arts and Sciences; School of Business and Engineering; School of Communications; School of Health Sciences; School of Law; School of Medicine; School of Nursing and School of Education. Quinnipiac is home to the Quinnipiac University Polling Institute.


Hamden, Connecticut

Hamden is a town in New Haven County, Connecticut, United States. The town's nickname is "The Land of the Sleeping Giant." The population was 61,169 at the 2020 census. Hamden is a suburb of the city of New Haven.

Siddhi Savetsila

Siddhi Savetsila (, , , 7 January 1919 – 5 December 2015) was a Thai air force officer and politician. He served as the foreign minister of Thailand from 1980 to 1990. He was the Deputy Prime Minister of Thailand serving from January through August 1986. He has been a member of the Privy Council of King Bhumibol Adulyadej. 

Savetsila died at the age of 96 in Bangkok on 5 December 2015.

Mohel

A mohel is a person who circumcises Jewish baby boys eight days after they are born. This is a practice of Jewish law ("Halakha"). 

A knife is traditionally used for this, but a clamp is now sometimes used instead. In Orthodox Judaism the mohel is male. However, some more progressive types of Judaism allow women to serve as a mohel. 

The event of the circumcision is called a "Brit milah", sometimes pronounced "bris" especially by Jews of European heritage whose ancestors spoke Yiddish. The mohel says prayers with the infant's family and guests, to welcome the baby boy into the Jewish religion.

Farina, South Australia

Farina is a ghost town in South Australia. It is on the edge of the desert, with an unpredictable annual rainfall of 163.6 mm. It was a farming and railway town, part of the Ghan railway, 26 km north of Lyndhurst and 55 km south of Marree. In 2006 there were 55 people living near Farina.
Before 1878 Farina was called The Gums or Government Gums, It was an important waterhole in a dry desert. Farina was settled in 1878 by farmers who thought that if they ploughed the land and planted crops it would rain. It was named Farina after the Latin word for flour. The town was the railhead until 1884 when the railway reached Marree. During the wet years of the 1880s, plans were laid out for a town with 432 ¼-acre blocks. It was believed that it would be good for growing wheat and barley, however normal rainfall is not enough to grow these crops. Several silver and copper mines were dug in the surrounding area.

Farina grew to 600 people in the late 1800s. The town had two hotels (the Transcontinental and the Exchange) and an underground bakery, a bank, two breweries, a general store, an Anglican church, five blacksmiths, a school and a brothel. In 1909, a 1143 kg iron meteorite was discovered north-east of the town.

Today all that is left are stone ruins and the elevated railway water tank. The post office closed in the 1960s and the railway line closed in the 1980s.

No one lives in the town, the closest people live at Farina station, a farm, west of the town. A bush camping area has been set up by the owners of Farina station.

Volunteers have repaired the bakery and put up information signs.

The town's cemetery is a few kilometres from the town. It has an Afghan corner with several headstones, some with both English and Arabic writing. These mark the graves of former Farina residents of Afghan origin who were part of the Afghan camel trains which used to provide transport services before the railway. All the gravestones face Mecca in the Islamic tradition.



Abortion in Azerbaijan

Abortion in Azerbaijan is legal upon request within the first twenty-eight weeks of pregnancy. 

After twenty-eight weeks, it is legal when:

Additionally, a physician may approve any other reason to carry out an abortion.

Onomatopoeia

An onomatopoeia is a word that sounds like the sound it means: words that imitate particular sounds.

Examples:

Glenn Miller

Alton Glenn Miller (March 1, 1904 – missing in action December 15, 1944) was an American big band musician, arranger, composer, and bandleader in the swing era. He was the best-selling recording artist from 1939 to 1943, leading one of the best known big bands. Miller's notable recordings include "In the Mood", "Moonlight Serenade", "Pennsylvania 6-5000", "Chattanooga Choo Choo", "A String of Pearls", "At Last", "(I've Got a Gal In) Kalamazoo", "American Patrol", "Tuxedo Junction", "Elmer's Tune", and "Little Brown Jug". During World War II, he led bands in the U.S. Army. While he was traveling in France during World War II, Glenn Miller's airplane disappeared over the English Channel.

Miller was born in Clarinda, Iowa. His parents were Mattie Lou (née Cavender) and Lewis Elmer Miller. In 1915, Miller's family moved to Grant City, Missouri, and he started playing in the town orchestra. At first, he played cornet and mandolin, but he switched to trombone by 1916. In 1918, the Miller family moved to Fort Morgan, Colorado, where Miller went to high school. During his senior year, he started a band with some classmates. They played "dance band music". By the time Miller graduated from high school in 1921, he had decided to become a professional musician.

In 1923, Miller entered the University of Colorado at Boulder, but he spent most of his time away from school. He played auditions and gigs. He did not do well in school. He dropped out of school, and decided to start a career as a professional musician. He later studied under Joseph Schillinger and composed "Moonlight Serenade". In 1926, Miller toured with several groups, eventually landing a good spot in Ben Pollack's group in Los Angeles. While playing with this band, Miller wrote several musical arrangements and also co-wrote his first composition, "Room 1411", with Benny Goodman. In 1928, he married Helen Burger in New York City. At first, he was the main trombone soloist of the band. But when another trombone player joined, Miller was given fewer solos. At this point, he decided he should mainly be a composer. In the late 1920s, he wrote and published a songbook.

In the early 1930s, Miller was a trombonist, arranger, and composer in The Dorsey Brothers. Miller composed the songs "Annie's Cousin Fannie", "Dese Dem Dose", "Harlem Chapel Chimes", and "Tomorrow's Another Day" in 1934 and 1935. In 1935, he started an American orchestra for British bandleader Ray Noble. In this band, he featured a lead clarinet over four saxophones. He later used this arrangement in his own bands.

Glenn Miller formed his first band in 1937. The band broke up after playing its last show at the Ritz Ballroom in Bridgeport, Connecticut, on January 2, 1938.

Miller was discouraged and returned to New York. He realized that the band needed to have a "sound" that was different from other bands. He decided to make the clarinet and tenor saxophone play the melody together, while three other saxophones played harmony. Miller hired a saxophonist named Wilbur Schwartz, but instead had him play lead clarinet. This was unique because it did not rely on repeated motifs, like other bands.

Miller had a staff who wrote and arranged songs for the band. They were Jerry Gray, Bill Finegan, Billy May, and George Williams.

In September 1938, the Miller band began making recordings for Bluebird Records. Cy Shribman, a prominent East Coast businessman, began financing the band. In the spring of 1939, the band played at the Meadowbrook Ballroom in Cedar Grove, New Jersey and at the Glen Island Casino in New Rochelle, New York. At Glen Island, 1800 people attended Afterwards, the band became much more popular. The band's recording "Tuxedo Junction" sold 115,000 copies in the first week.

On February 10, 1942, Miller received a gold record for "Chattanooga Choo-Choo". "Chattanooga Choo Choo" was performed by the Miller orchestra with his singers Gordon "Tex" Beneke, Paula Kelly and the vocal group, the Modernaires. Other singers with this orchestra included Marion Hutton, Skip Nelson, Ray Eberle, Kay Starr, Ernie Caceres, Dorothy Claire and Jack Lathrop.

Miller and his band appeared in two films. The first one was "Sun Valley Serenade" (1941) The second was "Orchestra Wives" (1942).

In 1942, Miller decided to join the war effort because he was too old to be drafted. At first, he volunteered for the Navy but was told he was not needed. Miller then wrote to Army Brigadier General Charles Young. He asked to lead an army band so he could entertain the Allied Forces, and was accepted this time. He earned the rank of captain and he was soon promoted to major by August 1944.

He was placed in the United States Army at first, but was then moved to the Army Air Forces. Captain Glenn Miller served as an officer at the training center at Maxwell Air Force Base in Montgomery, Alabama, in December 1942. He played trombone with the Rhythmaires, a 15-piece dance band, both on the base and in the town.

Miller formed a large marching band. He tried to modernize military music. Some officers didn't like it, but he continued because other leaders supported him. For example, he combined blues and jazz with the traditional military march. He formed the Army Air Force Band, with 50 members. In the summer of 1944, he took it to England, where he gave 800 performances and recorded a series of records. The music was used in American Forces Network radio broadcasting for entertainment and counter-propaganda against fascism. Miller also talked on the radio. One time, he said:
"America means freedom and there's no expression of freedom quite so sincere as music."

On December 15, 1944, Miller was to fly from the United Kingdom to Paris, France, to play for the soldiers there. His plane departed from Clapham and disappeared while flying over the English Channel. There were two other people on the plane: Lt. Col. Norman Baessell and pilot John Morgan.

There have been many theories about what happened to the plane. According to a 2014 article in the "Chicago Tribune", Miller's plane crashed because it had a faulty carburetor.

In February 1945, Miller's wife, Helen accepted the Bronze Star Medal for him.

When Glenn Miller was alive, various bandleaders like Bob Chester imitated his style. In 1942, Miller gave singer Mel Tormé advice about songwriting.

By the early 1950s, more bands started to copy Miller's style.

The Miller estate authorized an official Glenn Miller "ghost band" in 1946. This band was led by Tex Beneke, former tenor saxophonist and a singer for the civilian band. It was similar to the Army Air Force Band because it had a large string section. At first called the "Glenn Miller Orchestra Under the Direction of Tex Beneke", it later became "The Tex Beneke Orchestra".

A film about Miller's life, "The Glenn Miller Story", was released in 1953. Because of this, the Miller estate asked Ray McKinley to lead a new ghost band in 1956. This band still tours the United States.

After Miller's disappearance, his Army Air Force band was decommissioned and sent back to the United States. Another band, called "the 314", took its place.

Miller composed at least fourteen songs, both by himself or with other people. He added lyrics to another song. These and other songs were recorded by Miller's civilian bands and his Army Air Force band.

Glenn Miller had three recordings that were put into the Grammy Hall of Fame after he died. This award is for recordings that are at least 25 years old and that have "qualitative or historical significance."


Notes
Bibliography


New Palestine, Indiana

New Palestine (pronounced "PAL-es-teen") is a town in the state of Indiana, in the United States. As of the 2020 census, the population was 2,744.

The Ghan

The Ghan is a passenger train between Adelaide, Alice Springs, and Darwin on the Adelaide–Darwin railway in Australia. The train is operated by Great Southern Rail. It takes 54 hours to travel the with a four-hour stop in Alice Springs.

The train's name is a short version of its nickname "The Afghan Express". This nickname is said to have been first used in 1923 by one the train crew. The train's name honours Afghan camel drivers who arrived in Australia in the late 19th century to help find a way to reach the country's unexplored interior.

Another view is that the name was an insult. In 1891, the railway from Quorn reached Oodnadatta. This was home to about 150 cameleers, known as 'Afghans'. 'The Ghan Express' name was used by train crews in the 1890s as a joke because, when an expensive sleeping car was put on from Quorn to Oodnadatta, 'on the first return journey the only passenger was an Afghan'. As early as 1924, it was known as 'The Afghan Express' because it was so unreliable, often days, or weeks late. By 1951, when steam engines were replaced by diesel-electric locomotives, the insult of the names, like the cameleers, had faded away. Modern marketing has turned the name into a term of pride in its heritage.

"The Ghan" was sold to a private company in 1997 and is operated by Great Southern Rail. GSR was sold to Allegro Funds, a Sydney investment fund, in March 2015.

"The Ghan" normally runs weekly year round. During December 2012 and January 2013 it ran only once every two weeks. Until 2016, a second service operated between June and September. The train stops at Alice Springs and Katherine so passengers have time for optional tours. 

Each train has between 16 and 26 stainless steel carriages. These were built by Comeng, Granville in the late 1960s / early 1970s for the "Indian Pacific", plus a motorail wagon. The train is pulled by a Pacific National NR class locomotive. Sometimes, other locomotives such as an AN class or a DL class join the NR class to pull the train.

Starting in August 1929, "The Ghan" first ran on the Central Australian Railway. This was a narrow-gauge railway that went to Alice Springs. In 1957, the standard gauge Stirling North to Marree line opened, so the train only ran north of Marree. In October 1980 a new standard gauge line was built to the west of the original line. This was later extended north from Alice Springs to Darwin, opening in January 2004.

The Port Augusta to Government Gums Railway began in 1878 when Premier of South Australia, William Jervois, broke ground at Port Augusta. The line reached Hawker in June 1880, Beltana in July 1881, Marree in January 1884, and Oodnadatta in January 1891. In 1926 work began to build the line to Alice Springs. and that section was completed in 1929. Until then, the final part of the train journey was made by camel.

There were always plans to build the line to Darwin, but by the time the line to Alice Springs was built, "The Ghan" was losing money. Plans to reach Darwin were put on indefinite hold. The original line followed the same track as the overland telegraph, which is believed to be the route taken by John McDouall Stuart during his 1862 crossing of Australia.

Steam locomotives need a lot of water, and Stuart's route to Alice Springs was the only one that had available water. This meant that when it did rain, the creeks and rivers often washed the track away. 
"The Ghan" service was well known for long delays caused by these washouts. A flatcar behind the locomotive carried spare sleepers and railway tools, so that if there was damage to the track, the passengers and crew could repair the line. During World War II the service had to be greatly expanded, putting great pressure on the limited water supplies. As a result, de-mineralisation towers, some of which survive to this day, were built along the track. This meant that bore water could be used in the locomotives. When the new line to Alice Springs was built in the 1970s, the use of diesel engines meant that there was far less need for water. The line could take the much drier route from Tarcoola to Alice Springs.

The original Ghan was shown in BBC Television's series "Great Railway Journeys of the World" in 1980, presented by Michael Frayn.

The original "Ghan" ran for the last time in 1980. The Ghan Preservation Society has repaired sections of the old narrow gauge track and some notable sidings. In October 1980 the new standard gauge line from Tarcoola on the Trans-Australian Railway to Alice Springs was opened. The new line is about west of the old line. This avoids the floodplains where the original line was often damaged by floods. It was also hoped that the new line would improve the train's timekeeping.

The modern "Ghan" was in an episode of Channel 5's series "Chris Tarrant: Extreme Railways". In November 1998, one service went from Adelaide to Melbourne while from April 1999, the other went to Sydney.

Building the line between Alice Springs and Darwin is said to be the second-largest civil engineering project in Australia, the largest since the Snowy Mountains Scheme was built 1949–1974. Work began in July 2001, with the first passenger train reaching Darwin on 4 February 2004, after 126 years of planning and waiting. The cost was A$1.3 billion.

"The Ghan's" arrival in Darwin started a new era of tourism in the Northern Territory. Travel to the area was easier, with better access to and for Aboriginal communities. The rail link will allow for more freight to travel through the region, leading to a hope that Darwin will serve as another trade link with Asia.

One of the locomotives was named after Steve Irwin to help promote the new service and tourism to the region.




Itanium

Itanium ( ) is a type of Intel microprocessor with 64-bit chip architecture (not related to the by now mainstream 64-bit CPUs made by Intel and others). Itanium processors are sometimes used today for servers. Itanium processors were originally designed by HP and Intel with Intel making producing them, and several manufacturers of systems used them; nowhere as many systems used as originally hoped for. HP still supports systems using these chips.

Intel officially announced the end of life and product discontinuance of the Itanium CPU family on January 30, 2019.

When first released in 2001, Itanium's speed was disappointing compared to other processor types. Using existing x86 applications and operating systems was especially bad, with one test in 2001 showing that it was as fast as a 100 MHz Pentium (1.1 GHz Pentiums were on the market at that time). Itanium did not have success compared to IA-32 or RISC, and was even worse when x86-64 was released, which worked with older x86 applications.

In an article from 2009 about the history of Itanium — "How the Itanium Killed the Computer Industry" — journalist John C. Dvorak reported "This continues to be one of the great fiascos [bad situations] of the last 50 years" . Technology writer Ashlee Vance wrote that slowness in speed and release "turned the product into a joke in the chip industry." In an interview, Donald Knuth said "The Itanium approach...was supposed to be so terrific—until it turned out that the wished-for compilers were basically impossible to write."

Both Red Hat and Microsoft said that they would stop allowing Itanium to be used with their operating systems. However, other Linux distributions such as Gentoo and Debian were still available for Itanium. On March 22, 2011, Oracle said they would no longer support Itanium, but support for their existing products would continue. In October 2013, Oracle said they would release Oracle Database 12.1.0.1.0 on HP-UX Itanium 11.31 by early 2014.

A past Intel company official said that Itanium had become profitable (Able to make a lot of money) for Intel in late 2009. In 2009 and later, Itanium was mostly used on servers by HP, which made 95% of Itanium servers, so the primary operating system for Itanium was HP-UX. On March 22, 2011, Intel said they will keep supporting Itanium entirely with many new Itanium chips being created and on-time.

Although Itanium did do well with high-end computing, Intel wanted it to have more usage compared to the original x86 architecture.

AMD decided on an easier idea, creating x86-64, a 64-bit addition to the x86 architecture, which Microsoft soon supported in Microsoft Windows, so Intel had to include the same type of 64-bit addition in Intel's x86 processors. x86-64 can use existing 32-bit applications at full hardware speed, but has 64-bit memory addressing and other additions to new applications. This architecture has now become the most used 64-bit architecture in the desktop and laptop market, with the 64-bit ARMv8 architecture powering many mobile devices, used in today's iPhones, iPads, iPod Touches, and now many Android phones and tablets such as the Nexus 6P and Nexus 9. Ssome Itanium-based workstations were introduced by companies such as SGI, but they are no longer available. Because AMD made the first x86-64 chip, the architecture is commonly referred to as "amd64" inside of operating systems.

In 1989, HP thought Reduced Instruction Set Computing (RISC) architectures were stuck at one instruction per cycle. HP researchers tried to create a new type of processor architecture, later called Explicitly Parallel Instruction Computing (EPIC), that allows the processor to use many instructions in each clock cycle. EPIC uses a form of very long instruction word architecture, in which 1 instruction word had many instructions. With EPIC, the compiler checks which instructions can be used at the same time, so the processor can run the instructions without needing complicated methods to see which instructions to use at the same time. The idea is to allow better inspection of the code at the time of compile to check for additional opportunities for multiple executions at once, and to simplify processor design and save electricity by removing the need for runtime scheduling instructions.

HP thought that it was not good for individual enterprise system companies like HP to make proprietary processors, so HP worked with Intel in 1994 to create the IA-64 architecture, made with EPIC's ideas. Intel wanted to make a large effort in creating IA-64 in the expectation that the resulting processor would be used by most enterprise systems. HP and Intel had a large design effort to make the first Itanium product, Merced, in 1998.

During creation, Intel, HP, and other industry analysts thought that IA-64 would be very popular in servers, workstations, and desktops, and one day replace RISC and Complex Instruction Set Computing (CISC) architectures for multi-purpose applications. Compaq and Silicon Graphics stopped working on their Alpha and MIPS architectures to move to the Itanium architecture.

Many groups created operating systems for Itanium, including Microsoft Windows, OpenVMS, Linux, and UNIX types such as HP-UX, Solaris, Tru64 UNIX, and Monterey/64 (the last three were never finished). By 1997, many found that the Itanium architecture and the compiler were more difficult to use than they thought. Technology issues such as the very high transistor counts needed for the large instruction words and the large caches. There were also problems with the project, as the two parts of the team used different methods and had slightly different priorities. Because Merced was the first EPIC processor, its creation had more problems than the team had thought. In addition, the EPIC concept requires different compiler abilities that had never been created before, so more research was needed.

Intel announced the name of the processor, "Itanium", on October 4, 1999. In only a few hours, the name "Itanic" had been used as a joke, (a reference to "Titanic", the "unsinkable" ship that sank in 1912 ("Itanium + Titanic = Itanic")). "Itanic" has also been used by "The Register", and others, to say the multi-billion-dollar investment in Itanium, and the early demand with it, would mean nothing because they thought Itanium was going to fail.

By the time Itanium was released in June 2001, its performance was not superior to competing RISC and CISC processors. Itanium competed with low-power systems (primarily 4-CPU and small systems) with servers based on x86 processors, and with high-power such as with IBM's POWER architecture and Sun Microsystems' SPARC architecture. Intel shifted Itanium to working with the high-power business and HPC computing, trying to copy x86's successful market (i.e., 1 architecture, many system vendors). The success of the 1st processor version was only with replacing PA-RISC in HP systems, Alpha in Compaq systems and MIPS in SGI systems, but IBM also made a supercomputer based on this architecture. POWER and SPARC were strong, and the x86 architecture grew more into the enterprise space, because of easier scaling and very large install base.

Only a few thousand systems using the 1st Itanium processor, "Merced", were sold, because of poorer performance, high cost and less Itanium-made software. Intel saw that Itanium required more native software to work well, so Intel made thousands of systems for independent software vendors to help them make Itanium software. HP and Intel brought the 2nd Itanium processor, Itanium 2, to market a year later.

The Itanium 2 processor was released in 2002, for enterprise servers and not all of high-power computing. The 1st version of Itanium 2, code-named "McKinley", was created by HP and Intel. It fixed many of the problems of the 1st Itanium processor, which were mostly caused by a bad memory subsystem. "McKinley" had 221 million transistors (25 million of them were for logic), and was 19.5 mm by 21.6 mm (421 mm) and was created with a 180 nm design process, and a CMOS process with 6 layers of aluminium.

In 2003, AMD released the Opteron, which implemented the first x86-64 architecture (called AMD64 at the time). Opteron was much more successful because it was an easy upgrade from x86. Intel implemented x86-64 in its Xeon processors in 2004.

Intel released a new Itanium 2 processor, code-named "Madison", in 2003. Madison used a 130 nm process and was the foundation of all new Itanium processors until June 2006.

In March 2005, Intel announced that it was working on a new Itanium processor, code-named "Tukwila", to be released in 2007. Tukwila would have 4 processor cores and would replace the Itanium bus with a new Common System Interface, which would also be used by a new Xeon processor.Later in that year, Intel changed Tukwila's release date to late 2008.

In November 2005, the largest Itanium server makers worked with Intel and many software vendors to create the Itanium Solutions Alliance, to promote the architecture and speed up software porting. The Alliance said that its members would invest $10 billion in Itanium solutions by the end of the decade.

In 2006, Intel delivered "Montecito" (marketed as the Itanium 2 9000 series), a 2-core processor that had approximately 2x performance and 20% less energy usage.

Intel released the Itanium 2 9100 series, codenamed "Montvale", in November 2007. In May 2009, the release for Tukwila, Montvale's successor, was changed again, with release to OEMs planned for the first quarter of 2010.

The Itanium 9300 series processor, code-named "Tukwila", was released on February 8, 2010, with greater performance and memory.

Tukwila uses a 65 nm process, has between two and four cores, up to 24 MB CPU cache, Hyper-Threading technology and new memory controllers. It also has double-device data correction, which helps to fix memory issues. Tukwila also has Intel QuickPath Interconnect (QPI) to replace the Itanium bus architecture. It has a maximum inner-processor bandwidth of 96 GB/s and a maximum memory bandwidth of 34 GB/s. With QuickPath, the processor has built-in memory controllers, which control the memory using QPI interfaces to communicate with other processors and I/O hubs. QuickPath is also used with Intel processors using the "Nehalem" architecture, so that Tukwila and Nehalem might be able to use the same chipsets. Tukwila incorporates four memory controllers, each of which supports multiple DDR3 DIMMs via a separate memory controller.

The Itanium 9500 series processor, code-named "Poulson", is the follow-on processor to Tukwila and was released on November 8, 2012. Intel says it skips the 45 nm process technology and uses the 32 nm process technology instead; it features 8 cores, has a 12-wide issue architecture, multi-threading additions, and new instructions for parallelism, including virtualization. The Poulson L3 cache size is 32 MB. L2 cache size is 6 MB, 512 I KB, 256 D KB per core. Poulson's size is 544 mm², less than Tukwila's size (698.75 mm²).

In comparison with its Xeon server processors, Itanium has never been a large product for Intel. Intel does not release production numbers. One industry analyst estimated that the production rate was 200,000 processors per year in 2007.

According to Gartner, in 2008, HP had 95% of Itanium sales. HP's Itanium system sales were at $4.4 Billion at the end of 2008, and $3.5 Billion by the end of 2009, compared to a 35% decline in UNIX system revenue for Sun and an 11% drop for IBM, with an x86-64 server revenue increase of 14% during this period.

In December 2012, IDC released a research report stating that Itanium server shipments would remain flat through 2016, with annual shipment of 26,000 systems (a decline of over 50% compared to shipments in 2008).

, only a few providers have Itanium systems, such as HP, Bull, NEC, Inspur and Huawei. Intel offers a chassis that can be used by system integrators to build Itanium systems. HP sold 7,200 systems in the first quarter of 2006. Most Itanium systems sold are enterprise servers and machines for large-scale technical computing, with each system costing about US $200,000. A typical system uses eight or more Itanium processors.

The Itanium bus communicates with the rest of the system. Enterprise server makers differentiate their systems by making their own chipsets that interface the processor to memory, interconnections, and peripheral controllers. The chipset is the heart of the system-level architecture for each system design. Creation of a chipset costs tens of millions of dollars and represents a major commitment to the use of the Itanium. IBM created a chipset in 2003, and Intel in 2002, but neither of them developed chipsets to support technologies such as DDR2 or PCI Express. Chipsets for Itanium supporting such technologies were manufactured by HP, Fujitsu, SGI, NEC, and Hitachi.

The "Tukwila" Itanium processor model had been designed to share a common chipset with the Intel Xeon processor EX (Intel's Xeon processor designed for four processor and larger servers). The goal is to streamline system development and reduce costs for server OEMs, many of whom develop both Itanium- and Xeon-based servers. However, in 2013, this goal was pushed back to "evaluated for future implementation opportunities".

Itanium is or was supported (i.e. Windows version can no longer be bought) by the following operating systems:

Microsoft announced that Windows Server 2008 R2 would be the last version of Windows Server to support the Itanium (support started with XP), and that it would also discontinue development of the Itanium versions of Visual Studio and SQL Server. Likewise, Red Hat Enterprise Linux 5 (first released in March 2007) was the last Itanium edition of Red Hat Enterprise Linux 

In late September 2012, NEC announced a return from IA-64 to the previous NOAH line of proprietary mainframe processors, now produced in a quad-core variant on 40 nm, called NOAH-6.

To allow more software to run on the Itanium, Intel supported the development of compilers optimized for the platform, especially its own suite of compilers. Starting in November 2010, with the introduction of new product suites, the Intel Itanium Compilers were no longer bundled with the Intel x86 compilers in a single product. Intel offers Itanium tools and Intel x86 tools, including compilers, independently in different product bundles.GCC, Open64 and Microsoft Visual Studio 2005 (and later) are also able to produce machine code for Itanium. According to the Itanium Solutions Alliance over 13,000 applications were available for Itanium-based systems in early 2008, though Sun has contested Itanium application counts in the past. The ISA also supported Gelato, an Itanium HPC user group and developer community that ported and supported open-source software for Itanium.

Itanium is aimed at the enterprise server and high-performance computing (HPC) markets. Other enterprise- and HPC-focused processor lines include Oracle Corporation's SPARC M7, Fujitsu's SPARC64 X+ and IBM's POWER8. Measured by quantity sold, Itanium's most serious competition comes from x86-64 processors including Intel's own Xeon line and AMD's Opteron line. Since 2009, most servers were being shipped with x86-64 processors.

In 2005, Itanium systems accounted for about 14% of HPC systems revenue, but the percentage declined as the industry shifts to x86-64 clusters for this application.

An October 2008 paper by Gartner, on the Tukwila processor stated that "...the future roadmap for Itanium looks as strong as that of any RISC peer like Power or SPARC."

An Itanium-based computer first appeared on the list of the TOP500 supercomputers in November 2001. The best position ever achieved by an "Itanium 2" based system in the list was #2, achieved in June 2004, when Thunder entered the list with an Rmax of 19.94 Teraflops. In November 2004, Columbia entered the list at #2 with 51.8 Teraflops, and there was at least one Itanium-based computer in the top 10 from then until June 2007. The peak number of Itanium-based machines on the list occurred in the November 2004 list, at 84 systems (16.8%); by June 2012, this had dropped to one system (0.2%), and no Itanium system remained on the list in November 2012.

The Itanium processors show a progression in capability. Merced was a proof of concept. McKinley dramatically improved the memory hierarchy and allowed Itanium to become reasonably competitive. Madison, with the shift to a 130 nm process, allowed for enough cache space to overcome the major performance bottlenecks. Montecito, with a 90 nm process, allowed for a dual-core implementation and a major improvement in performance per watt. Montvale added three new features: core-level lockstep, demand-based switching and front-side bus frequency of up to 667 MHz.

During the HP vs. Oracle support lawsuit, court documents unsealed by Santa Clara County Court judge revealed in 2008, Hewlett-Packard had paid Intel Corp. around $440 million to keep producing and updating Itanium microprocessors from 2009 to 2014. In 2010, the two companies signed another $250 million deal, which obliged Intel to continue making Itanium central processing units for HP's machines until 2017. Under the terms of the agreements, HP has to pay for chips it gets from Intel, while Intel launches Tukwila, Poulson, Kittson and Kittson+ chips in a bid to gradually boost performance of the platform.

"Kittson" is planned to follow Poulson in 2015. Kittson, like Poulson, will be manufactured using Intel's 32 nm process. Few other details are known beyond the existence of the codename and the binary and socket compatibility with Poulson and Tukwila, though moving to a common socket with x86 Xeon "will be evaluated for future implementation opportunities" after Kittson.



E. L. James

Erika Mitchell (born 7 March 1963), known by her pen name as E. L. James is an English author. James was born in London. She was raised in Buckinghamshire. She studied History at the University of Kent. James wrote: "Fifty Shades of Grey", "", "Fifty Shades Freed", and "Fifty Shades Darker".


<br>

Ko Chun-hsiung

Ko Chun-hsiung (; 15 January 1945 – 7 December 2015) was a Taiwanese actor, director, producer and politician. His career began in the 1960s and had appeared in over 120 movies.

During his career he has won the Golden Horse Awards, two Asia Pacific Film Festival for Best Actor Awards, a Panama International Film Festival for Best Actor Award. In 2005, Chinese Film Association of Performance Art named Ko on the list of 100 Outstanding Artists in Chinese Film (1905 - 2004).

Chun-hsiung died of lung cancer in Kaohsiung, Taiwan at the age of 70.


Holly Woodlawn

Holly Woodlawn (Haroldo Santiago Franceschi Rodriguez Danhakl; October 26, 1946 – December 6, 2015) was a transgender Puerto Rican actress and Warhol superstar. She was known for her roles in "Trash" (1970) and "Women in Revolt" (1972).

Woodlawn died in Los Angeles, California from brain cancer and liver cancer at the age of 69.

Uxbridge

Uxbridge is a town in west London which became a municipal borough in 1955. It has been part of the London Borough of Hillingdon since 1965. About 53,000 people live in Uxbridge. Its postcode is UB8.

Tolworth

Tolworth is a suburban area of southwest London. Its postcodes are KT5 and KT6.

Fremington, Devon

Fremington is a village in North Devon.

Kehelland

Kehelland () is a hamlet in the northwest of Cornwall, England.

There is a small primary school and a horticultural centre called Kehelland Trust. Kehelland Trust supports adults with learning difficulties.

West Tisbury, Wiltshire

West Tisbury is a civil parish in southwest Wiltshire, England. The nearest city is Salisbury, which is about 13 miles away.

In West Tisbury there are five hamlets:


Einherjar

In Norse mythology, the einherjar (lone-fighters) are warriors who have died in battle and are brought to Valhalla by valkyries. In Valhalla, the einherjar eat meat from the boar called Sæhrímnir. Every day he is boiled and every night he becomes whole again. They drink mead provided by a goat named Heiðrún. Every day they dress for battle and go out and fight each other. This is to prepare for the events of Ragnarök (the end of the world).

The einherjar are written about in the "Prose Edda" by Snorri Sturluson. Also in the poem written in the 13th century "Hákonarmál", by Eyvindr skáldaspillir.

African plate

The African Plate is a major tectonic plate. It includes much of the continent of Africa, as well as the oceanic crust which lies between the continent and various surrounding ocean ridges. Since the continent of Africa includes the African Plate and the smaller plates to its right, some literature refers to the African Plate as the Nubian Plate to distinguish it from the continent as a whole.

Between 60 million years ago (mya) and 10 mya, the Somali Plate began rifting from the African Plate along the East African Rift.

One hypothesis suggests a mantle plume beneath the Afar region. Another hypothesis suggests the rifting is just a zone of weakness as the plates to its east move northwards.

The African Plate's speed is about per year. It has been moving over the past 100 million years or so in a general northeast direction. This is drawing it closer to the Eurasian Plate. There is subduction where oceanic crust meets continental crust (in parts of the central and eastern Mediterranean). 

Along its northeast margin, the African Plate is bounded by the Red Sea rift where the Arabian Plate is moving away from the African Plate.

The African, Somali and Arabian Plates were once all part of the great southern supercontinent Gondwana, as was the Indian subcontinent.

OpenStep

OpenStep was an operating system by NeXT. It is an x86 version of the NeXTStep operating system, which was also by NeXT.

Rhapsody (operating system)

Rhapsody was the name given to Apple Computer's next-generation operating system. Apple got the Rhapsody operating system when they bought NeXT Inc. from Steve Jobs for $425 million. The same year Apple released Rhapsody to software developers so they could create versions of their software for the next release of the Apple operating system. But a key software vendor, Adobe Systems, did not like Apple's plan for the new OS. Without Adobe supporting them Apple decided not to go ahead with Rhapsody. Rhapsody was replaced by OS X, scheduled for 1999.

Palmchat

The palmchat ("Dulus dominicus") is a small passerine bird. It is the national bird of the Dominican Republic.

Arabian bustard

The Arabian bustard ("Ardeotis arabs") is a bird native to North Africa and the Middle East. It lives in the Sahel region (Mauritania, Senegal, Gambia, Mali, Burkina Faso, Niger, Nigeria, Chad, Sudan), South Sudan, Kenya, Eritrea, Ethiopia, Djibouti, Somalia, Saudi Arabia and Yemen.

As in all bustards, the male Arabian bustard is much larger than the female. Males have been found to weigh , while females weigh . The record-sized male Arabian bustard weighed . These birds stand from tall in females to tall in males.

National Bohemian

National Bohemian Beer is an American beer first made in Baltimore, Maryland. It is a premium Bohemian-style beer. Many people call it "Natty Boh" as a nickname.

In 1885, the National Brewing Company created National Bohemian beer. The first factory was in Baltimore, Maryland. The brewing stopped from 1920 to 1933 due to Prohibition. This was the period when nobody could drink alcohol in the US. In 1933 under the ownership of Jerold Hoffberger the factory of Natty Boh opened again. During the 1940s the factory of National Bohemian was the first in the US to adopt the six pack. In the 1970s, the Hoffberger family sold the brand name. During the next three decades, the brand of this beer was bought and sold by different companies. The copyright of the beer was purchased first by Stroh, then by G. Heileman Brewing, and then by Pabst, in 1999. Since the Hoffberger family sold the beer it has been brewed in North Carolina. From 1996 until 2011, National Bohemian wasn’t available directly from the bar, but only by cans or bottles. In 2014, an American citizen born in Russia, Eugene Kashper, bought the entire Pabst Company, so also National Bohemian.

Under the ownership of Jerold Hoffberger, Natty Boh was first associated with the city of Baltimore. In 1953, Jerold Hoffberger helped to bring the St. Louis Browns to Baltimore where they became the Baltimore Orioles. He made National Bohemian the main sponsor of the baseball team. About twelve years later Hoffberger bought the team. Under the ownership of Jerold Hoffberger the Orioles won two World Series and four American League pennants. Nattty Boh was served at the stadium. This was the period when National Bohemian became the beer of Baltimore because people identified the Orioles’ wins with the beer. Although the beer is not brewed in Maryland anymore, 95% of sales are still in Baltimore. This is why is it called "the beer of Maryland".

In 1933, the logo of this beer, Mr. Boh, was introduced. Mr. Boh is a one-eyed man with a black mustache. Thanks to the popularity achieved by National Bohemian with the Orioles, Mr. Boh became a symbol of Baltimore. His big face is still visible at the top of the old building where it was once brewed. Through the years, people started collecting gadgets with the logo of National Bohemian. Around Baltimore, several pubs serve Natty Boh as the main beer. These pubs are decorated with different gadgets of Mr. Boh.


Service animal

Service animals are animals that have been trained to do things to help people with disabilities. Service animals may also be called assistance animals, assist animals, support animals, or helper animals, depending on the country and what the animal does.

There are three basic types of assistance animals:

In the United States, as of the 2011 changes to Americans with Disabilities Act regulation only dogs may be used as service animals for the purposes of going to public places. However, in certain situations miniature horses are supposed to be accommodated the same as service animals that are dogs. The U.S. government does not recognize a right to use any other species as an assistance animal in public places where pets would not be permitted except on commercial aircraft. 

Dogs can be trained to do many different things to help owners with physical disabilities. For example, some dogs can be trained to:

Dogs can also be trained to help owners with psychiatric (mental health) disabilities. For example, some dogs can be trained to:

These are just examples of some of the things service dogs can do. Service dogs can also be trained to do many, many more things for people with all kinds of disabilities.

Miniature horses are horses that are usually less than three feet tall. They can be trained to:

An owner might choose a miniature horse as a service animal because they are allergic to dogs, or because their religion says that dogs are unclean. Miniature horses can also live and work for about 30 years, much longer than a service dog.

Are not allowed in buildings with a "no animal" policy. They may be used at home or outside where any animal is allowed, but under the 2011 ADA revision, only canines and in some cases miniature horses, are legally recognized as public access service animals.
Capuchin monkeys can be trained to do things with their hands, like: 

Helper monkeys can be helpful to people who have trouble with using their hands and arms, like people with quadriplegia, very bad spinal cord injuries, very bad injuries to their hands and arms, and multiple sclerosis.

Helper monkeys are usually raised in a human home as infants. Then they get years of training, usually in schools by private organizations. On average, they take 7 years to train. They are usually able to serve as helper monkeys for 25–30 years (two to three times longer than a service dog).

Not everyone agrees that monkeys should be service animals. Debbie Leahy, manager of captive wildlife protection for the Humane Society of the United States, says that monkeys are not real service animals and that sometimes they are abused during their training.

In the United States, helper monkeys are also not counted as service animals under most laws.

If an animal has not been trained to do a job or task that will help a person with a disability, it cannot be a service animal.

Some people with mental health problems, like anxiety or PTSD, use different kinds of animals to give them comfort (make them feel better) when they are upset. These animals are called "comfort animals" (or "Emotional Support Animals").

Some people use unusual comfort animals, like snakes, tarantulas, guinea pigs, turtles, and rats. Even if having the animal makes the owner feel better, these animals cannot be service animals because it is impossible to train them to do something to help a person with a disability.

Even if a comfort animal is a dog or a miniature horse, being a comfort animal is not the same as being a service animal. Comfort animals make their owners feel better just by being there. A service animal is trained to recognize that there is a problem and do the job they were trained to do to help their owner. For example, a psychiatric service dog would recognize that its owner is feeling upset and do a specific job, like get medicine, get help, or distract the person, to help them.

In the United States, service animals have some protection under the law. Different laws set rules about service animals in different situations. For example, the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA) governs the use of service animals in public places. Other laws, for example, control which service animals are allowed in housing. But these different laws do not agree on what counts as a service animal.

In 1990, the United States passed the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA). Its goal was to protect the rights of people with disabilities. At first, it mentioned only guide dogs as service animals. Since then, it has been changed to include more protections. It now defines a service animal as any "dog that is individually trained to do work or perform tasks for people with disabilities."

This means that only dogs count as service animals under the ADA. However, there is a special section in the new ADA about miniature horses. This section says that places covered by the ADA (like businesses) should allow miniature horses "where reasonable." To decide whether allowing a miniature horse into a place is "reasonable," those places are allowed to use four questions:

If the answer to all four questions is "yes," the place needs to let the miniature horse in, and treat it like a service animal.

Other than service dogs and service miniature horses, no other type of assistance animal is protected under the ADA.

Under the ADA, it is illegal to refuse to let a service animal or its owner into: 

In these places, it is also illegal to treat a person with a service animal differently than any other person. The person with a service animal cannot be charged extra money, refused service, or kept apart from other people. A service animal can be asked to leave one of these places only if it is out of control (for example, if it is aggressive or urinates inside). The animal has to be on a leash, or controlled by its owner's voice or signals, all the time.

No one can ask for proof that the animal is a service animal. Owners do not have to carry any special papers or prove that their service animal can do a special task. If an owner and a service animal enter one of these places, workers are only allowed to ask two questions to make sure the animal is a service animal and not a pet:

It is legal to train your own service animal in the United States.

Service animals do not get these same protections in most religious organizations. Most religious organizations are exempt from the ADA's requirements, which means they do not have to obey the ADA.

Other laws have less strict definitions of which animals count as service animals. For example, the Department of Transportation's Air Carrier Access Act allows "dogs and other service animals" to ride with passengers on commercial airlines.

The Fair Housing Act also requires housing providers to allow service animals (including comfort and emotional support animals). This law does not say that only certain animals are allowed.

In most places in South America and Mexico, the place's owner or manager gets to decide whether to let a service animal in. There are no laws that protect service animals or their owners. In areas with many tourists, service dogs are generally welcomed without problems.

In Brazil, however, the President created a new law about service dogs in 2006. The law says that all service dogs in Brazil must be allowed to go anywhere that the public could go. The "Brasília Metro" (the Brazilian public transportation system) has developed a program which trains guide dogs to ride it.

Different European countries have different laws about service animals. Some countries have laws that govern the entire country, and sometimes different parts of the country govern themselves.

In Australia, the Disability Discrimination Act of 1992 legally protects all assistance dog handlers.

However, with current laws, owners may not always be allowed to have their service animals with them in all situations. Each state and territory has its own laws, which mainly have to do with guide dogs. Queensland has introduced the Guide Hearing and Assistance Dog Act 2009, which protects all certified assistance dogs.

In Canada, any service animal is allowed anywhere that the general public is allowed, as long as the owner is in control of the animal. In Alberta, there is a fine of up to $3000 for someone who refuses to let a service dog into a place where everyone else could go.

In South Korea, the law says service dogs must be let into any areas that are open to the public. People who break this law can be fined for up to 2 million "won" (about $1691 in United States dollars).


The Swan of Tuonela

The Swan of Tuonela is a tone poem by Finnish composer, Jean Sibelius.

Immovable property

Immovable property is property that cannot be moved from one place to another. It is generally connected to the ground or land on which it sits. The term immovable property also includes the land. 

In real estate law, immovable property has certain rights of ownership that go with title (full or partial) to that property. These may include rights to buildings, rights to collect rent, inherited rights, right of ways, ferries or fisheries. It generally does not include such things as grass, crops, or standing timber. 

In much of the world's civil law systems is the same as "real property"; it is land or any permanent feature or structure above or below the surface. In some countries, China for example, private ownership of land is not allowed. Individuals in China may obtain land rights for a fixed number of years for a fee. These rights may be transfered by legal means including gift or sale. They may also own houses, buildings or apartments, but not the land they sit on. In the United States immovable property is also known as real estate. In the United Kingdom it is also known as property. 

Burmese calendar

The Burmese calendar is a calendar where the months are based on lunar months. It is based on an older version of the Hindu calendar. It has been used in Myanmar since 640 CE. Today it is used as together with the Buddhist calendar.

Extortion

In law, extortion is a criminal offense. It is obtaining money, property, or service from a person or institution, through coercion. This may be by threat to a victim, to their property or family. It may also be by false claim (such as claiming to be a public official). Another form of extortion is offering a business owner "protection"; for example, to keep the business free from vandalism or burglary. In all states of the United States extortion is a felony.

Extortion may be in person, by telephone, mail, e-mail, text message or any form of wireless communication. If the extortion involves any form of interstate commerce, it may be a federal crime. It may involve the threat of hacking.

Extortion, like robbery and blackmail, are crimes that involve obtaining property by illegal means. The most serious of the three is robbery because it usually involves violence against the victim. Blackmail is a form of extortion. The threat is usually making damaging or embarrassing information public if demands are not met. The legal definition of extortion varies from one jurisdiction to another. In some states, extortion is only charged against public officials while the same act committed by a private individual is charged as blackmail.

Sonja Henie

Sonja Henie (8 April 1912 – 12 October 1969) was a famous Norwegian ice skater and movie star who was born in Oslo. She was a three-time Olympic Champion (1928, 1932, 1936) in Ladies' Singles, a ten-time World Champion (1927–1936) and a six-time European Champion (1931–1936). In 1936 she became a professional skater. Later she decided to become a movie star. At the height of her acting career she was one of the highest paid stars in Hollywood. Henie's connections with Adolf Hitler and other high-ranking Nazi officials made her the subject of controversy before, during, and after World War II. Sonja Henie ruled the " queen of ice" in her life and she still was one of the most influential people in figure skating. 

Marie Thérèse of France

Marie Thérèse of France (Marie Thérèse Charlotte; 19 December 1778 – 19 October 1851), "Madame Royale", was the eldest child of Louis XVI and Marie Antoinette. After her marriage to her cousin, Louis Antoine, Duke of Angoulême, the eldest son of the future Charles X, she was known as the Duchess of Angoulême. She became the Dauphine of France upon the accession of her father-in-law to the throne of France in 1824. Technically she was Queen of France for twenty minutes, on 2 August 1830. This was between the time her father-in-law signed the instrument of abdication and the time her husband, reluctantly, signed the same document.

Noisy miner

The noisy miner ("Manorina melanocephala") is a small grey bird with a black head and yellow eyes. This bird is common in the gardens of eastern Australian homes, but is not seen in Western Australia or the Northern Territory. The genus puts it in a large group of honey-eating birds. The species is a Latin word meaning "black-headed."

The noisy miner is a native of Australia, and one of the few native birds that is thriving in cities and suburbs. In some parts of Australia the number of noisy miners has grown to the point that it is driving out smaller birds like the wrens. It prefers gardens with open spaces and lawns. 
It usually eats the nectar from garden flowers, mostly on grevilleas, however it also walks around on grass picking up and eating small insects. 

It is highly aggressive when other birds enter its area of garden or bush, and it flocks together with other nearby noisy miners to make small defensive groups called 'coteries' of four or five which cooperate to drive off kookaburras or magpies. Sometimes they join together into even larger 'colonies' with up to a hundred or so birds.

The female will lay between two and four eggs in her nest, and food will be bought to the mother and her chicks by quite a few males in the coterie. Bringing up the chicks is often done by the whole group. They breed at any time in the year so there are often young noisy miners in the group. The younger birds usually have feathers and face colouring very similar to the adult birds, so it is often difficult to tell the difference.

They are sometimes called native miners, native mynas or native mynahs (actually an Indian spelling), and, in older bird books they might have up to twelve different names. At one time they were thought to be mainly bee-eaters, but they eat the nectar of Australian native flowers. They are also known to eat fruit and insects, and at times small reptiles and amphibians. While the name is often spelled myna, or mynah, they are not related to the introduced brown/black-feathered "Indian" or "Common mynah" which is usually slightly larger and often found in the same area.

As the common name suggests, the noisy miner is a noisy species. It has a large variety of songs, calls, scoldings and alarms, most of which are harsh single notes. It has a special alarm call which is only used when the threat comes from a large bird flying overhead, and a different alarm call when intruders like humans and dogs enter their territory. A study of the bird found that those who lived in a noisy urban area were able to make their alarm call louder so it could be heard.


Martin E. Brooks

Martin E. Brooks (born Martin Baum; November 30, 1925 – December 7, 2015) was an American character actor. He was known for playing scientist Dr. Rudy Wells in the television series "The Six Million Dollar Man" (1973–1978) and its spin-off, "The Bionic Woman" (1976–1978). He played Wells in three television movies: "The Return of the Six-Million-Dollar Man and the Bionic Woman" (1987), "Bionic Showdown: The Six Million Dollar Man and the Bionic Woman" (1989) and "Bionic Ever After?" (1994). He had roles in "Knots Landing", "General Hospital", and "Dallas". He also appeared in many Broadway productions. Brooks also wrote two novels.

Brooks was born in The Bronx, New York. He grew up in Wilkes-Barre, Pennsylvania. He served his country as a paratrooper during World War II.

Brooks died from natural causes on December 7, 2015 in Los Angeles, California. He was 90.

Nancy Lopez

Nancy Marie Lopez (born January 6, 1957) is an American professional golfer. She was born in Torrance, California. She became a member of the LPGA Tour in 1977 and won 48 LPGA Tour events, including three major championships. 

During her first full season on the LPGA Tour in 1978, Lopez won nine tournaments, including five consecutive. She appeared on the cover of "Sports Illustrated" in July of that year. She also won the Vare Trophy for lowest scoring average, LPGA Rookie of the Year, LPGA Player of the Year and was named the Associated Press Female Athlete of the Year. She won another eight times in 1979. Lopez has won multiple times in each year from 1980 to 1984, although she played only half-seasons in 1983 and 1984 due to the birth of her first child.

Lopez was considered the best golfer of her time. She was also considered outstanding at putting. She was also known for her kindness.

Meadowlark Lemon

Meadow "Meadowlark" Lemon III (April 25, 1932 – December 27, 2015) was an American basketball player, actor, and Christian minister. For 22 years, Lemon was known as the "Clown Prince" of the touring Harlem Globetrotters basketball team.

Lemon played in more than 16,000 games for the Globetrotters and is a 2003 inductee of the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame. He was born in Wilmington, North Carolina.

He studied at a historically black college, Florida A&M University in 1952, but was drafted into the US Army before he could finish. The Globetrotters first became aware of Lemon in 1954 while he was in Austria in the army and they were touring Europe.

Lemon died on December 27, 2015 in Scottsdale, Arizona, aged 83.

Lemon visited the White House to meet President Gerald Ford and First Lady, Betty Ford in 1974.

Lemon says: "I was also a good friend of the Reagan's "[sic]" because I'm also an actor. I worked closely with Nancy Reagan on her 'Just say no to drugs' program." This was a program started by First Lady Reagan to discourage illegal drug use by young people.

A born-again Christian, Lemon became an ordained minister in 1986. He received a Doctor of Divinity degree from Vision International University in San Diego, California, in 1988.

In 2009, Lemon became a part-owner of the Smoky Mountain Jam of the American Basketball Association. This was a semi-professional men's basketball league that was formed in 1999.


Olga Korbut

Olga Valentinovna Korbut (born May 16, 1955 in Grodno, Belarus), also known as the "Sparrow from Minsk", is a retired Belarusian gymnast. She won four gold medals and two silver medals at the Summer Olympic Games, in which she competed in 1972 and 1976 for the Soviet team. She could do backwards flips from the balance beam and uneven parallel bars, when no one else could. 

After her retirement from gymnastics, she became a teacher.

Kayapo people

The Kayapo (Portuguese: Caiapó ) people are an indigenous people in Brazil. They are found along the plain islands of the Mato Grosso and Pará in Brazil, south of the Amazon Basin and along Rio Xingu and its tributaries. Kayapo call themselves "Mebengokre", which means "people of the wellspring". Kayapo people also call outsiders "Poanjos".

The Kayapo tribe live alongside the Xingu River in the eastern part of the Amazon Rainforest, near the Amazon basin. They live in several scattered villages ranging in population from, one hundred to one thousand people in Brazil. Their land consists of tropical rainforest savannah (grassland). It is arguably the largest tropical protected area in the world covering 11,346,326 million hectares. They have small hills scattered around their land and the area is criss-crossed by river valleys. The larger rivers feed into numerous spas and creeks, most of which don’t have official names.

In 2010, there was an estimated 8,638 Kayapo people. which is an increase from 7,096 in 2003. Subgroups of the Kayapo include the Xikrin, Gorotire, Mekranoti and Metyktire. Their villages typically consist of a dozen huts. A centrally located hut serves as a meeting place for village men to discuss community issues. One of the Kayapo tribes, all of the women shave a distinctive V shape into their scalp.

Territorialism

Territorialism may refer to: 

Tiberius Claudius Cogidubnus

Tiberius Claudius Cogidubnus was a 1st century king of the Regnenses in early Roman Britain. Cogidubnus ruled at Chichester. When the Roman Emperor Claudius conquered Britain he set himself up at Colchester and received the submission of the various tribes. Cogidubnus was one of those who submitted to him. Claudius confirmed Cogidubnus' kingdom and even expanded its borders. Cogidubnus was given the unusual title "rex legatus Augusti in Britannia". When Cogidubnus became a Roman citizen he took the name "Tiberius Claudius Cogidubnus". He was a loyal client-king to the Romans. He convinced his people to remain loyal to india

Oxford University Press

Oxford University Press (OUP) is the largest university press in the world, and the second-oldest, after Cambridge University Press. It is a department of the University of Oxford. It is governed by the Delegates of the Press. This is a group of 15 members of the university. They are headed by the Secretary to the Delegates, who serves as OUP' s chief executive and as its major representative on other university bodies. Oxford University has been using this system of contol since the 17th century.

The university started printing books around 1480. It soon grew into a major printer of Bibles, prayer books, and scholarly works. It began what later became the "Oxford English Dictionary" in the late 19th century. Over the last hundred years, Oxford has grown and now publishes children's books, school text books, music, journals, the World's Classics series, a best-selling range of English Language Teaching texts, as well as its academic and religious titles. It opened its first international office in New York in 1896. Changes caused by computer technology and the need to lower costs, led to the Press contracting out its printing and binding work. The Press's printing house at Oxford was closed in 1989. Its former paper mill at Wolvercote was demolished in 2004. 

The Press publishes about 6,000 new titles around the world every year. It is a charitable organization, its profits go to the University of Oxford. The university's aims of excellence in scholarship, research, and education are supported through its publishing activities.

Moeraki Boulders

The Moeraki Boulders are a rock formation in New Zealand. They are unusually large and spherical boulders on Koekohe Beach on the Otago coast, between Moeraki and Hampden. Some of the boulders are in groups, while others stand by themselves. The area has been protected in a scientific reserve.

The boulders sit in mudstone, which is eroded by the action of the waves along the beach. This leaves the boulders exposed on the sand.

Local Māori legends say the boulders as the remains of eel baskets, calabashes, and kumara washed ashore from the wreck of Arai-te-uru, a large sailing canoe. The rocks that extend seaward from Shag Point are the petrified hull of this shipwreck. A nearby rocky promontory is the body of the canoe's captain.

In 1848 a drawing of the beach and its boulders, shows there were more than now. This picture is now in the Alexander Turnbull Library in Wellington. The boulders were described in 1850 colonial reports and numerous popular articles since that time. In more recent times they have become a popular tourist attraction, often described and pictured in numerous web pages and tourist guides.

Religious law

Religious law comes from the sacred texts of various religions. They cover most parts of personal and contract law. Most religious law systems are either based on Islamic law (Sharia) or Judaic law ("Halakha"). Religious laws generally are used in countries that also have other legal systems such as civil or common law.

Religious laws are seen to be eternal and do not change over time. Secular laws (non-religious) can be changed by their lawmakers. Religious laws govern people's behaviors and their beliefs. Secular laws deal with people's actions and how they affect other people. In religious law, disputes are settled by officials of that religion combining the actions of a judge and a priest. In secular systems the judiciary is independent.

Sharia deals with many topics, including crime, politics, marriage contracts, trade regulations, religious instructions, and economics. It also covers personal matters such as sexual intercourse, hygiene, diet, prayer, everyday etiquette and fasting. to sharia is an important part of the Muslim faith. In the est sense, sharia is considered in Islam as the infallible law of God.

There are two primary sharia: the Quran, and the Hadiths (opinions and life example of Muhammad). For issues not directly covered in these primary sources, sharia is used. The sources differ between the various sects of Islam (Sunni and Shia are the majority). They also differ by the various jurisprudence schools such as Hanafi, Maliki and Shafi'i.

Historically, in the diaspora, halakha served many Jewish communities as both civil and religious law. There was no difference in classical Judaism. Modern religious leaders have come to view the halakha as less binding in day-to-day life. This is because it relies on Rabbinic interpretation instead of the pure, written words written in the Hebrew Bible.

Under contemporary Israeli law certain areas of Israeli family and personal law are under the authority of the rabbinic courts. This means they are treated according to "halakha". Some differences in "halakha" itself are found among Ashkenazi, Mizrahi, Sephardi, Yemenite and other Jews who historically lived in isolated communities.

Buckwheat Zydeco

Buckwheat Zydeco was the stage name of Stanley Dural, Jr. (November 14, 1947 – September 24, 2016) was an American accordionist and zydeco musician. 

He was one of the few zydeco artists to become popular. His music group was known as Buckwheat Zydeco and Ils Son Partis Band, but often they perform as merely "Buckwheat Zydeco".

Dural died of lung cancer at age 68 on September 24, 2016 in a hospital in Lafayette, Louisiana.


Elsie Tu

Elsie Tu, GBM, CBE (née Hume; ; 2 June 1913 – 8 December 2015), was an English-born Hong Kong social activist. She was born in Newcastle upon Tyne. She was an elected member of the Urban Council of Hong Kong, and member of the Legislative Council of Hong Kong. She became known for her strong opposition of colonialism and corruption.

Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990

The Americans with Disabilities Act (the ADA) is a law that was passed by the United States Congress in 1990. President George H. W. Bush signed the ADA, making it an official United States law, on July 26, 1990. Later, President George W. Bush amended (changed) the ADA and signed those changes into law. The changes started on January 1, 2009.

The ADA is a detailed civil rights law whose goal is to protect people with disabilities from discrimination. Before the ADA, people with disabilities did not have many legal protections. In 1964, the Civil Rights Act of 1964 was passed. This law made it illegal to discriminate against people because of their race, religion, gender, national origin (home country), and many other things. But people with disabilities were not included or protected under the Civil Rights Act of 1964. The ADA gave the Civil Rights Act's protections - and some others - to people with disabilities.

The ADA protects people with disabilities. The ADA says that a disability is a physical or mental problem that makes it very difficult to do at least one "major life activity." Major life activities are things like walking, breathing, learning, reading, communicating, seeing, hearing, thinking, and other very important tasks.

The ADA does not include a complete list of all possible disabilities, but it does give some examples. As long as they make it very difficult to do at least one major life activity, examples of disabilities protected under the ADA include:

The ADA also counts some other groups of people as "people with disabilities" to protect them from discrimination:

The ADA lists some conditions that are not counted as disabilities. People with these conditions are not protected by the ADA. The goal of not including these people was to make sure the ADA's goal of protecting people with disabilities was not abused.

Conditions that do not count as disabilities under the ADA include:

The ADA has five sections, which are called "titles". Each title protects against a different kind of discrimination. The titles are numbered in Roman numerals: I (one), II (two), III (three), IV (four), and V (five).

Title I of the ADA protects against discrimination in employment (work).

Not every employer has to follow the ADA's rules. Employers that are covered by the ADA, and have to follow the ADA's rules, are called "covered entities."

Employers that have to follow the ADA's rules include: 

Title I says that employers who are covered by the ADA cannot discriminate against a person with a disability, as long as that person is qualified (able) to do their job. Title I does "not" say that people with disabilities have to be hired for jobs that they are not qualified for.

These employers do have to give "reasonable accommodations" to workers with disabilities if needed. An "accommodation" is a change in the way things are usually done. It is a change that a worker needs because of a disability, to help them do their job. If a worker with a disability needs reasonable accommodations to do their job, that does not mean they are not qualified to do their job. As long as the worker is able to do their job with the help of accommodations, they are qualified to do the job.

Some accommodations are very simple, like letting a worker have a glass of water at their desk so they can take medicines. Examples of other accommodations are: 

However, the accommodation must be "reasonable." An accommodation is not reasonable if it would be very difficult or very expensive. If an accommodation is not reasonable, the employer does not have to give it.

Title I protects against many kinds of discrimination, including:

Usually, employers cannot ask workers or people applying for jobs whether they have a disability, or ask them to give details about their disability.

If a person with a disability thinks their employer has discriminated against them, they can make a complaint to the U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission (EEOC). The complaint has to be made within 180 days of when the discrimination happened. If the EEOC thinks discrimination has happened, they will send a letter that tells the person with the disability that they have the right to sue (file a lawsuit against) their employer. The person with the disability may then file a lawsuit in federal court.

Title II protects against discrimination in all activities of state and local governments.

State and local governments have to give people with disabilities the same chances as people without disabilities to use all of their programs and services. If people with disabilities need reasonable accommodations to be able to participate in these programs, the state or local government has to make them.

For example, people with disabilities must be allowed, just the same as people without disabilities, to:

State and local governments also have to:

A special part of Title II covers public transportation. It protects people with disabilities from being discriminated against by public transportation. This includes city buses, subways, commuter trains, Amtrak, and all other transportation that the public can use.

Local and state governments have to:

Wherever there is a bus or train line that runs on a fixed route (it cannot make special stops), the government must provide "paratransit". Paratransit is a service for people with disabilities who cannot use the regular public transportation system. Paratransit (usually a car or bus) picks them up and drops them off where they need to go.

If a person with a disability thinks that they have been discriminated against by a state or local government, they can complain to the United States Department of Justice. The complaint has to be made within 180 days of when the discrimination happened. A few different things might happen after the person files their complaint:

A person with a disability can also file their own lawsuit in a federal court, saying that the state or local government discriminated against them. The person does not need to complain to the Department of Justice first, or have the Department of Justice tell them they have the right to sue.

Title III protects against discrimination by "public accommodations." Public accommodations are private organizations or people which own, lease, or run places meant for the public to use. Examples of public accommodations include:
Title III also protects against discrimination by:

There are two types of places that are exempt from Title III, and do not have to follow its rules. These are:

"All" public accommodations have to do these things:


The rules for what is "accessible" are set out in the 2010 ADA Standards for Accessibility Design. Examples of these rules include:

"Most" public accommodations (but not commercial facilities) have to do these things:


Private companies that teach classes or give tests must make reasonable accommodations to make it possible for people with disabilities to take the classes or tests. Some examples of reasonable accommodations are:

If a person with a disability thinks that they have been discriminated against by a public accommodation, they can complain to the United States Department of Justice. They can write a letter, fax a letter, or use an online form at http://www.ada.gov/filing_complaint.htm. A few different things might happen after the person files their complaint:

If a person is unable to write, fax, or type a complaint because of a disability, the Department of Justice will make reasonable accommodations to help. The person can call the Department of Justice's ADA Information Line. The Information Line is answered by ADA Specialists. A person with a disability can explain their complaint, and the Specialist will write it down for them. If the person is deaf and uses American Sign Language, a Specialist can take their complaint by videophone (so they can see each other and sign back and forth to each other).

A person can also file their own lawsuit against the public accommodation, without needing the Department of Justice to say they have a "right to sue."

Title IV of the ADA protects against discrimination by telecommunications companies in the U.S. (like phone companies).

Title IV protects any person with a disability, but it focuses on people with speaking and hearing disabilities, because they have the most trouble talking by phone.

Title IV says that all telecommunications companies in the United States have to make sure that people with disabilities have equal access to telecommunication. This means that they have to provide telecommunication services that are just as good as what people without disabilities get. For example, they have to:
Relay services have changed a lot since 1990. At first, the most common relay services were teletypewriter (TTY) and Telecommunications for the Deaf (TDD) devices. These were like phones with typewriters attached. Two people with TDDs could type back and forth to each other. Or, if a person with a disability wanted to call a regular phone (like a pizza restaurant), they could type into the phone, an operator would read the message out loud to the pizza restaurant, listen to the restaurant's answer and type it back to the person with a disability.

Title IV also led every state in the U.S. to create Telecommunications Relay Services (TRS), such as STS relay. STS stands for Speech-to-Speech. It was created for people who have speaking problems. STS relay operators listen to what the person is saying and repeats it in a clear voice to make it easier for the other person to understand. Today, many calls that use TRS are made over the Internet by consumers who use broadband connections. Some are Video Relay Service (VRS) calls, while others are text calls. Either way, communication assistants translate between the signed or typed words of a consumer and the spoken words of others. In 2006, according to the Federal Communications Commission (FCC), VRS calls averaged two million minutes a month.

Complaints about discrimination under Title IV go to the Federal Communications Commission (FCC).

Title V includes various other extra rules. For example, it says:


Matey Kaziyski

Matey Kaziyski (; born 23 September 1984) is a Bulgarian volleyball player. He was a member of Bulgaria men's national volleyball team in 2003-2012 and Japanese club Panasonic Panthers, a participant of the Olympic Games Beijing 2008, bronze medalist of the World Championship 2006, World Cup 2007 and European Championship 2009. He is a multiple winner of the CEV Champions League and FIVB Club World Championship with the Italian club Trentino Volley.


Alan Hodgkinson

Alan Hodgkinson MBE (16 August 1936 – 8 December 2015) was an English professional football goalkeeper and goalkeeping coach. 

At just over , Hodgkinson was on the small side for a goalkeeper, but made up for the lack of height by his good positional play. He played for Sheffield United from 1954 to 1971 and for the England national football team from 1957 to 1960.

Hodgkinson died on 8 December 2015 at the age of 79.

William B. Davis

William Bruce Davis (born January 13, 1938) is a Canadian actor, television director, and activist. He is best known for his role as The Smoking Man on "The X-Files". Recently, he has been an activist to stop global warming.

Davis was born in Toronto, Ontario.


Isuzu Rodeo

The Isuzu Rodeo was a mid-size SUV sold from 1991-2004. From 1991-1997, the 2.6-liter 4-cylinder 120 horsepower engine was standard on the 2WD Rodeo S. The Rodeo had an optional V6 engine and four-wheel drive. The first series Rodeos had a number of safety issues. It had very poor crash test scores. Front airbags were installed for the first time in 1995. The second generation Rodeo came out in 1998. A new V6 engine gave it much more power. While the exterior design did not change very much, it became known as one of the best SUVs available at the time. But it could not keep up with the other SUVs in the market. Isuzu would later replace the Rodeo with the Ascender, a badge-engineered GMC Envoy in 2005

GMC Envoy

The GMC Envoy was a midsize SUV sold by the GMC division of General Motors. It was introduced in 1998. In 2002 the Envoy was improved and rode on the same chassisas the new Chevrolet TrailBlazer. The Envoy was later given an extended wheelbase. In 2004 it was given a trim package called XUV. This was an Envoy XL with no third row seating and a retractable roof over the cargo bay. This was an attempt to make it both an SUV and a pickup truck. The resulting odd-looking Envoy XUV did not sell well. 2009 was the last model year for the Envoy. It had daytime running lights, electronic stability control, anti-lock brakes and a rollover sensor that automatically deployed the side curtain air bags. It was replaced by the GMC Terrain.

Isiah Thomas

Isiah Lord Thomas III (born April 30, 1961) is a retired American basketball player. He played professionally for the Detroit Pistons in the National Basketball Association (NBA). Thomas was just over 6 feet tall, making him a "small man" by basketball standards. He was one of the greatest point guards in basketball history. His only peer in the 1980s was Earvin "Magic" Johnson who played for the Los Angeles Lakers.

He grew up poor on Chicago's South Side. As a boy he showed a talent for basketball. At this time Thomas realized his basketball skills might help his family get out of poverty and the unsafe neighborhood. Thomas attended the Indiana University. He was a member of the US men's basketball team at the 1980 Summer Olympics. Because of the US boycott, the team did not go to Moscow.

Thomas was a first round draft choice by the Detroit Pistons. He was signed to a 4-year contract. In 1984 Thomas was given an 11-year, $12 million contract. This was both the longest and highest paying player contract in Detroit Pistons history. A torn achilles tendon forced him to retire in 1994.

Thomas was the 1982 NBA Rookie of the Year. He was named the Most Valuable Player in the 1984, 1986 and 1990. He played in twelve All-star games. In 1996 he was named one of the 50 greatest players in NBA history.

Thomas has one of the best records in NBA history. He scored a total of 18,822 points averaging 19.2 points per game. He was named to the NBA's 50th Anniversary All-Time Team. In 2000 he was named to the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame.

Audencia Nantes School of Management

Audencia Nantes School of Management is a business school in Nantes, France. It is accredited by the Association of MBAs (AMBA), European Quality Improvement System (EQUIS) and the Association to Advance Collegiate Schools of Business (AACSB). The school enrolls 3000 students from almost 50 countries. It offers bachelor's, international master's, specialised masters and MBAs degrees. It also offers executive education courses.

The school was started in 1900 as the "École Supérieure de Commerce de Nantes". The school's name was changed in 2000 to its current name, Audencia Nantes School of Management. The name Audencia comes from two Latin words: "audientia" (meaning to hear or listen) and "audacia" (meaning boldness or daring).

The school has a partnership with the French Civil Aviation University for a dual degree engineering / management.


The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim

The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim is an action role-playing, open-world video game which was made by Bethesda Game Studios and published by Bethesda Softworks. Skyrim is the fifth game in The Elder Scrolls series. It is a sequel to . Skyrim was released worldwide on November 11, 2011 for Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 3, and Xbox 360. Three add-ons were later released for Skyrim. They were Dawnguard, Hearthfire and Dragonborn. The legendary edition of Skyrim was released on June 4, 2013, this included ‘’The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim’’ Dawnguard, Hearthfire and Dragonborn.

The player character is known as the Dragonborn in game, a mortal with a dragon's soul and blood.

"Skyrim"s main story revolves around the player character and their quest to defeat Alduin the World-Eater, A dragon which is said to destroy Tamriel. Tamriel is a ficitional continent in which Skyrim is region. The game takes place two hundred years after takes place. In ‘’Skyrim’’ the user can travel anywhere in the game world due to it being open world.

The game was created using the Creation Engine, which was rebuilt for Skyrim. The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim was released to critical acclaim. The game sold over 20 million copies across all three platforms.

"The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim" is an action role-playing game, it uses first-person and third-person perspectives. The player can freely travel around Skyrim, as it is an open-world game. Skyrim has wilderness, dungeons, cities, towns, fortresses, villages,and bandit bases. Players can travel the world using horses or by fast traveling which allows the player to travel to any discovered place. The game’s main quest can be completed or ignored, up to the players choice. Some quests rely on the main story's progression.

Bad Rats: The Rats' Revenge

Bad Rats: The Rats' Revenge is a puzzle video game from 2009. It was made by Invent4 Entertainment for Microsoft Windows. The mission of the game is to solve physics puzzles to take revenge on cats. The game is known for its popularity and terrible reputation among Steam users.

The goal of each stage is to use rats to activate an object to kill a cat. The player must place objects within a time limit. The player's score is based on the objects used and time taken.

The game did not receive professional reviews on Metecritic or GameRankings. According to "Kotaku", it is a "nearly universally reviled" game.


Ramus Pomifer

Ramus Pomifer (Latin for "apple branch") was a constellation found between Hercules and Lyra. It represented a branch held in Hercules' left hand. It later formed a new constellation: "Cerberus et Ramus" (along with Cerberus, that shared many of the same stars).

Natural Wonder

Natural Wonder is a live album by American musician Stevie Wonder. It was recorded in Osaka, Japan and released on November 21, 1995. It was both Wonder's second album to be released in 1995 and his fourth live album and first since 1970's "Stevie Wonder Live".


(*) Previously unreleased songs.


Song Review: A Greatest Hits Collection

Song Review: A Greatest Hits Collection is a 1996 double disc greatest hits album by Stevie Wonder. Wonder would release another greatest hits album called "At the Close of a Century" three years later.




At the Close of a Century

At the Close of a Century is a box set album that has Stevie Wonder's greatest hits from 1962-1995 and was released on November 21, 1999.





The Definitive Collection (Stevie Wonder album)

Stevie Wonder: The Definitive Collection is a greatest hits album, released in 2002, by American singer Stevie Wonder.




NOTE: In 2003, the set was re-released with a re-recorded version of "Signed, Sealed, Delivered I'm Yours" featuring Blue and Angie Stone.


Ordinary (liturgy)

The catholic mass is made of two parts: One that changes during the year, and the other one that does not. The one that does not change is usually called Ordinary. The part that canges is usually called Proper. The Latin names for these are "Ordinarium" and "Proprium". When talkin about the music performed in Church, an ordinary usually consists of the following (which are either songs or prayers):
Protestant and Eastern Orthodox often use the same songs, but they have adapted the texts. Nowadays, the text is often translated to the local language.

Shirley Stelfox

Shirley Stelfox (11 April 1941 – 7 December 2015) was an English actress. She was best known for her role as Edna Birch on the British soap opera "Emmerdale".

Stelfox died in Yorkshire Dales, Yorkshire from cancer of unknown primary origin on 7 December 2015, aged 74.


Mattiwilda Dobbs

Mattiwilda Dobbs (July 11, 1925 – December 8, 2015) was an African-American coloratura soprano. She was one of the first black singers to enjoy a major international career in opera. After winning the International Music Competition in Geneva, Switzerland, in 1951, she made her professional operatic debut at the Holland Festival, as the Nightingale in Stravinsky's "The Nightingale", in 1952.

Dobbs died on December 8, 2015 at her home in Atlanta, Georgia of cancer of unknown primary origin at the age of 90.


Bonnie Lou

Mary Joan Okum (née Kath; October 27, 1924 – December 8, 2015), known by her performing name Bonnie Lou, was an American musical pioneer. She was one of first female rock and roll singers. She was also one of the first artists to gain crossover success from country music to rock and roll. She was the "top name" on the first country music program regularly broadcast on a national TV network. 

Lou was one of the first female co-hosts of a successful television talk show, and a regular musical performer on popular shows in the 1960s and 1970s. She "was a prime mover in the first days of rockabilly," and is a member of the Rockabilly Hall of Fame.

Lou died from complications of dementia under hospice care in Cincinnati, Ohio, aged 91.

Abduction

Abduction is the criminal act of taking a person away by means of fraud, persuasion, by threat of violence or by force. Kidnapping, by comparison, is limited to a threat of violence or forcefully taking adults or by the taking of children. It often involves some form of false imprisonment. In some states, kidnapping and abduction are treated as the same thing. But in most jurisdictions they are separate crimes. Unlawful interference with family members such as removing a child from its parents is abduction. It does not matter if the minor consents or not. Kidnapping is the unlawful taking of a person against their will. Abduction can also mean the taking of any female person for the purposes of human trafficking, prostitution, concubinage or (forced) marriage.

During wars, children are often abducted. They may be treated brutally or killed. They may be victims of sexual violence or may be used as soldiers. Children are abducted both by armed parties or governments. They may be taken as an act of retaliation against a population. 

When a marriage breaks down, it is not uncommon for one parent to wish to return, with his or her children, to their state of origin. This is usually without the permission of the other parent. This becomes an international child abduction. The United Nations Convention on the Rights of the Child requires "State Parties shall take measures to combat the illicit transfer and non-return of children abroad". Also that they "promote the conclusion of bilateral or multilateral agreements or accession to existing agreements". International child abductions are a matter treated by civil law and in some cases criminal law.


Embezzlement

Embezzlement is the theft or misappropriating of funds or assets belonging to a company or government. It is the misusing of property lawfully entrusted to a person who then converts it for his or her own use. Accounting embezzlement is hiding the theft of funds by the manipulation of accounting records. Embezzlement is most commonly a corporate crime.

There are many different ways to embezzle funds. "Skimming off the top" is when a person continually takes a small amount over a period of time. Someone may disappear after taking a large amount of funds. Managers may steal money by under-reporting income and keeping the unreported funds.

The US Internal Revenue Service requires the reporting of all income when a person files their income tax forms. Failure to include embezzled funds in their gross income can bring charges of tax evasion by the IRS. This is in addition to any other jurisdictions criminal charges of embezzlement. 

Action role-playing game

Action role-playing games (or action RPG) is a sub-genre of role-playing video games. It includes action or action-adventure games.

Eskender Mustafaiev

Eskender Mustafaiev (Ukrainian: Ескендер Аметович Мустафаєв; born July 17, 1981) is a swimmer from Aqyar/Sevastopil. Ukraine. He won a gold medal at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in the 50 metre freestyle S4 race.

Mustafaiev was a member of the swimming team from Ukraine at the 2011 IPC European Swimming Championships in Berlin, Germany. He competed in the Men’s 50m Freestyle S4.

When he was 31-years-old, Mustafaiev won a gold medal at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in the 50 metre freestyle S4 with a time of 38.26 seconds. He also competed in the 100m freestyle, 50m backstroke and 200m freestyle races in London. He was one of three people from the Ukraine who was from Crimea who competed in London. The other two sportspeople were swimmer Dmytro Kryzhanivskyi and shooter Olha Mustafaieva. He finished last in the 50m backstroke final. After the 2012 Games, they gave him the Order of Merit for his sport work.

At the 2013 IPC Swimming World Championships in Montreal, Mustafaiev won a gold in the men’s 50 freestyle S4 with a time of 37.96 seconds. He won a silver medal in the men’s 100 freestyle S4. He lost the race to Slovenia's Darko Duric, who defeated him by a third of a second.

Mustafaiev did not compete at the 2014 IPC Swimming European Championships and did not defend his world championship title.

In October 2014, Mustafaiev, two other Crimean Paralympic and Deaflympic swimmers and a Crimean Paralympic or Deaflympic coach lost their Ukrainian sports scholarship. This was decided after reports they moved to Russia.

Deimatic defence

Deimatic defence is when prey startle predators and so get time to escape. The predator gets a shock, and often jumps back when startled. Many prey use this tactic when a predator gets close. It is an anti-predator defence.

This method is a fake, where a real aposematic warning signal is genuine. Many species of frog put on warning displays; but only some of these species do have poison glands. 

Displays are classified as deimatic or aposematic by the responses of the animals that see them. 
In the second case, the behaviour is both deimatic and aposematic. It startles the predator, and the display truly indicates the prey is bad to eat. 

Tax advantage

Tax advantage refers to the financial gain which applies to certain accounts or investments. These include accounts that are, by statute, tax-reduced, tax-deferred, or tax-free. Governments establish tax advantages to encourage private individuals to contribute money when it is considered to be in the public interest. An example is retirement plans, which often offer tax advantages to savings for retirement. In the United States municipal bonds may also be exempt from certain taxes. 

In countries in which the average age of the population is increasing, tax advantages may put pressure on pension plans. For example, where benefits are funded on a pay-as-you-go basis, the benefits paid to those receiving a pension come directly from the contributions (money paid) of those of working age. If the proportion of pensioners to working-age people rises, the contributions needed from working people will also rise proportionately. In the United States, the rapid onset of Baby Boomer retirement is currently causing such a problem.

Eye-spot (mimicry)

An eye-spot (or ocellus) is an eye-like marking on the body of an animal. They are found on butterflies, reptiles, felids, birds and fish.

Eye-spots may be a form of mimicry: the spot looks like the eye of a larger animal. Its function may be to draw a predator's attention away from the most vulnerable body parts; or to look like an unpleasant or dangerous animal. 

In larger animals, eyespots may play a role in intraspecies communication or courtship – the best-known example is probably the eyespots on a peacock's display feathers.

There is evidence that eyespots in butterflies are anti-predator defences. Some are deimatic displays to distract, startle or scare off predators, or at least to deflect attacks away from vital body parts. Butterfly eyespots may also play a role in mate recognition and sexual selection, like the eyespots on larger organisms.

Tax deduction

A tax deduction is a way to reduce the amount of income that is subject to a tax. Tax deductions and tax credits both lower the amount of money a person has to pay in taxes. But they do it differently. A tax deduction is subtracted from the gross income of a taxpayer. For example, if a couple had an income of $60,000 for the year, and they had paid $10,000 in interest on their mortgage, their taxable income would be reduced to $50,000. The value of a tax deduction depends on a person's tax rate, which rises with income. A tax credit, by comparison, has the same value for all taxpayers. In the USA, there are hundreds of different tax deductions. Some are only available to taxpayers in certain income brackets. Some are available to businesses in particular industries.

Saimaa ringed seal

The Saimaa ringed seal ("Pusa hispida saimensis") is a subspecies of ringed seal ("Pusa hispida"). Usually seals live in the sea, but Saimaa ringed seals live in Lake Saimaa in Finland. There are only 320 Saimaa ringed seals in the world. They are among the most endangered seals in the world. 

After the last ice age was over, dry land was rising slowly. This isolated Lake Saimaa from the sea. Some seals were also isolated in Saimaa. Their successors become Saimaa ringed seals. 

An adult Saimaa ringed seal is between long and weighs between . Usually male seals are larger than females. Their colour is dark gray, with circular white ring patterns.

Saimaa ringed seals give birth towards the end of February. They dig a nest in snow on top of lake ice. Snow nest gives shelter for young seal pups. If there is not enough snow, young seals do not survive. In 2010s, volunteers help seals by building artificial piles of snow on lake ice. Studies by the University of Eastern Finland showed the ringed seals would nest in man-made snowdrifts the same as natural snowdrifts.

<br>

LGBT rights in Alaska

Lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender (LGBT) persons living in the U.S. state of Alaska are able to marry. A U.S. district court declared Alaska's denial of same-sex marriages unconstitutional on October 12, 2014.

State law does not address hate crimes based on gender identity or sexual orientations. Anchorage, however, does have an ordinance "to outlaw discrimination in Anchorage based on sexual orientation or gender identity". Anchorage makes up 41% of the total population of Alaska.

Regnenses

The Regnenses, Regni or Regini were a British Celtic people. They were ruled by a king. Their their territory or kingdom was later a "civitas" of Roman Britain. Their capital was "Noviomagus Reginorum", known today as Chichester in modern West Sussex.

Before the Romans conquered Britain their land and capital appear to have been part of the territory of the Atrebates. Possibly they were part of a confederation of tribes. The tribe made use of hill forts more than other tribes around them. Their location in southern England would have made them a more civilized people. They would have had contact with Europe through trading exposing them to new ideas. 'Regninses', means "people of the kingdom". It is not known how they came by that name. It was recorded by the Romans but it could be a translation or a name the Romans gave them.

Their ruler was Tiberius Claudius Cogidubnus. Tacitus said of him: 
The theory that Cogidubnus was created "legatus", a rank only ever given to senators, is based on reconstructing the damaged Chichester inscription. It would read as "Cogidubni regis legati Augusti in Britannia" ("king and imperial legate in Britain"). It could also be "Cogidubni regis magni Britanniae" ("great king of Britain").

Property tax

A property tax (or millage tax) is a levy on property that the owner is required to pay. The tax is imposed by the governing authority of the jurisdiction in which the property is located. The tax may be paid to a national, state, provincial, county, regional, or municipality governmant. Multiple jurisdictions may tax the same property. This is in contrast to a rent or mortgage tax, which is based on a percentage of the rent or mortgage value.

There are four broad types of property: land, immovable property, personal property and intellectual property. Real property (also called real estate or realty) means the combination of land and improvements. Under a property tax system, the government requires and/or performs an appraisal of the monetary value of each property. A tax is assessed based on that value. Forms of property tax used vary among countries and jurisdictions. Real property is often taxed based on its classification. Classification is the grouping of properties based on similar use. 

Properties in different classes are taxed at different rates. Examples of different classes of property are residential, commercial, industrial and vacant real property. In Israel, for example, property tax rates are double for vacant apartments versus occupied apartments. In the Canadian province of British Columbia a speculation tax on residential properties has been introduced in 2019.

A special assessment tax is sometimes confused with property tax. These are two distinct forms of taxation: one "(Ad valorem" tax) relies upon the appraised fair market value of the property being taxed. The other (special assessment) relies upon a special enhancement called a "benefit" for its justification.

The "property tax rate" is often given as a percentage. It may also be expressed as a per mille (amount of tax per thousand currency units of property value), which is also known as a "millage rate" or "mill" (which is also one-thousandth of a currency unit). To calculate the property tax, the authority will multiply the assessed value of the property by the mill rate. Then they will divide by 1,000. For example, a property with an assessed value of $50,000 located in a municipality with a mill rate of 20 mills would have a property tax bill of $1,000 per year.

Rusty Jones

Isham Russell "Rusty" Jones II (April 13, 1942 – December 9, 2015), better known as Rusty Jones, was an American jazz drummer. He was born in Cedar Rapids, Iowa, but was raised in Chicago, Illinois. Jones was known for performing with Marian McPartland and Stéphane Grappelli.

Jones died in Chicago, Illinois from cancer, aged 73.

John Trudell

John Trudell (February 15, 1946 – December 8, 2015) was a Native American author, poet, actor, musician, and political activist. He was the spokesperson for the United Indians of All Tribes' takeover of Alcatraz beginning in 1969. He was partners with Marcheline Bertrand, Angelina Jolie's mother, until her death in 2007. During most of the 1970s, he served as the chairman of the American Indian Movement. He was born in Omaha, Nebraska.

In 2015, Trudell died of cancer at age 69 in Santa Clara County, California.



Ron Bouchard

Ron Bouchard (November 23, 1948December 10, 2015) was an American NASCAR driver. He was the 1981 NASCAR Winston Cup Rookie of the Year. He was born in Fitchburg, Massachusetts. Bouchard began his NASCAR career in 1981 in the #47 J.D. Stacy Buick for owner Jack Beebe (Race Hill Farm team). In 1982 Bouchard finished a career-high eighth in the final points standing with 15 Top 10 finishes in 30 races. He ran full-time in 1983, 1984, and 1985.

Bouchard died of cancer in Fitchburg, Massachusetts at the age of 67.


Murder of Laquan McDonald

The shooting of Laquan McDonald occurred on October 20, 2014, in Chicago, Illinois, when McDonald—a 17-year-old black male armed with a knife—was shot 16 times by Chicago Police Officer Jason Van Dyke.

As a result, mayor Rahm Emanuel fired Chicago police superintendent Garry McCarthy on December 1, 2015. Few days later, Emanuel apologized for the shooting, but since then, Emanuel has received criticisms and negative comments towards him and his administration.

Video of the shooting, captured on one police cruiser's dashboard camera, was released to the public on November 24, 2015, over 13 months after the shooting. Van Dyke was charged with first-degree murder within hours after the video's release. After turning himself in to authorities, he was initially ordered held without bail at Cook County Jail, but released on November 30 after posting bail.

On November 25, Senator and presidential candidate Bernie Sanders released a statement sending condolences to McDonald's family and criticizing the Emanuel administration and the Chicago's police force.

There have been numerous protests denouncing Laquan McDonald's death. In November 27, a major day for shopping in the U.S., a group of protesters chanted "sixteen shots" and other slogans while marching on Michigan Avenue, the city's central shopping district. This caused some businesses to shut their doors and the police closed Michigan Avenue, a six-lane street.

The FBI opened an investigation into McDonald's death, and the city of Chicago approved a five-million dollar settlement in April 2015, although no lawsuit was filed. The police had originally claimed that McDonald had lunged at an officer. However, video footage contradicts that claim; McDonald made no lunges.

On October 5, 2018, Van Dyke was found guilty of second-degree murder, as well as 16 counts of aggravated battery with a firearm.


Dolph Schayes

Adolph "Dolph" Schayes (May 19, 1928 – December 10, 2015) was an American professional basketball player and coach in the National Basketball Association (NBA). He was a top scorer and rebounder, he was a 12-time NBA All-Star and a 12-time All-NBA selection. Schayes won an NBA championship with the Syracuse Nationals in 1955.

He was named one of the 50 Greatest Players in NBA History and inducted into the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame. He played for the Philadelphia 76ers from 1948 through 1964. He coached the Philadelphia 76ers from 1963 through 1966 and the Buffalo Braves from 1970 through 1972. He was born in The Bronx, New York City.

Schayes died in Syracuse, New York from cancer, aged 87.


SS Daniel J. Morrell

SS "Daniel J. Morrell" was an American Great Lakes ore carrier. It was 603 feet long. The ship usually carried iron ore. The "Morrell" sank during a severe storm on November 29, 1966. The ship broke in two before sinking.

Twenty-eight of the "Morrell"'s 29 crewmen died during the sinking. Only one crewman survived.

Jon Landau

Jon Landau (born July 23, 1960) is an American movie producer. He is best known for his work with James Cameron: "Titanic" (1997), "Solaris" (2002) and "Avatar" (2009). He also produced "Campus Man" (1987), "Honey, I Shrunk The Kids" (1989), "Dick Tracy" (1990) and "" (2018).

Landau was born in New York City, New York. He was the son of Edie, a producer, and Ely A. Landau, a studio executive and producer. He is Jewish.

Mikael Agricola

Mikael Agricola ( ) (c. 1510 – 9 April 1557) was a priest who is often called the "father of written Finnish". In addition, Agricola, Aleksis Kivi and Elias Lönnrot are regarded fathers of a national literature in Finnish.

In his time, Finland was part of Sweden, a Catholic country. He learned the ideas of the Reformation, and thought everyone should be able to read the Bible. To help people in Finland to learn to read, Agricola published a ABC book and a prayer book in Finnish around year 1544. He also translated large sections of the Bible into Finnish.


TOP 09

TOP 09 is a political party in the Czech Republic. It is a right-wing, conservative party. The chairman of the party is former finance minister Miroslav Kalousek and the honorary chairman is former foreign minister Karel Schwarzenberg. TOP 09 have 26 members in the Chamber of Deputies and 4 members in the European parliament. The party's policies are based on conservatism and pro-Europeanism.


Miroslav Kalousek

Miroslav Kalousek (born 16 December 1960) is a Czech politician, former Finance minister, leader of TOP 09 party, and member of Chamber of Deputies.

Avon, Indiana

Avon is a town in the state of Indiana, in the United States. As of the 2020 census, the population was 21,474.

Chamber of Deputies of the Czech Republic

The Chamber of Deputies of Parliament of the Czech Republic () is the lower house of parliament of the Czech Republic. It has 200 members. They are elected by the people. They serve for 4 years. The current parliament was elected in 2013.

Phillips curve

The Phillips Curve shows the relationship between unemployment and wage inflation in an economy. It shows that as unemployment goes down, wages go up. It was discovered by British economist William Phillips. He studied wage inflation and unemployment in the United Kingdom from 1861 to 1957. The theory states that economic growth causes inflation. This causes more jobs to become available which lowers unemployment. In the 1970s high levels of inflation and unemployment were occurring at the same time. This disproved the theory, at least in the long run. Many economists feel that the Phillips curve still has value in the short run where there is still a tradeoff between inflation and unemployment. 


Momoko Kōchi

Momoko Kōchi (born Momoko Okouchi March 7, 1932 - November 5, 1998) was a Japanese actress. She is best known for her roles in the original "Godzilla", playing the character of Emiko Yamane. Kōchi later played the same role in "Godzilla vs. Destoroyah" in 1995. She starred in "The Mysterians", playing Hiroko Iwamoto. 

Kōchi was discovered in 1953 in Toho's New Face Contest. By the late 1950s she found herself typecast into science fiction and horror movies. She decided to pursue formal acting. In the 1960s she was on stage doing Shakespeare. She also did occasional television commercials. She didn't act in movies again until 1995. Kōchi died at age 66 in Tokyo Japan on November 5, 1998 from intestinal cancer. 

European perch

The European perch ("Perca fluviatilis"), also known as the common perch, redfin perch, big-scaled redfin, English perch, Eurasian perch, Eurasian river perch, Hatch or in Anglophone parts of Europe, simply the perch, is a kind of predatory freshwater fish. It belongs in the genus "Perca" and lives in Europe and Siberia. It is typically less than 25 cm long. It has greenish basic colour with 5-9 black bands, and red fins.

European perch lives in water which contains no salt or very little salt. It can be found in lakes, rivers, ponds and areas where sea water mixes with river water such as the Baltic Sea. 

European perch eats small animals in the water, such as insects, worms and small fish. It is most hungry early in the morning and late in the evening. European perch tastes good and fishermen like to catch it.

European perch are greenish with red pelvic, anal and caudal fins. They have five to eight dark vertical bars on their sides. When the perch grows larger, a hump grows between its head and dorsal fin.

The European perch lives in slow-flowing rivers, deep lakes and ponds. It tends to avoid cold or fast-flowing waters but some specimens penetrate waters of these type, although they do not breed in this habitat.

European perch has been widely introduced, with reported adverse ecological impact after introduction. In Australia, the species is implicated in the decline of the now-endangered native fish, the Macquarie perch.


Jiří Paďour

Jiří Paďour (4 April 1943 – 11 December 2015) was a Czech Auxiliary Bishop in the Archdiocese of Prague from 1996 to 2001, and the Bishop of České Budějovice from 2002–2014. Pad'our was born in Vraclav, Czechoslovakia.

On 1 March 2014, Pope Francis accepted Paďour's resignation for health reasons. Pad'our died in Prachatice, Czech Republic at the age of 72.

Douglas Tompkins

Douglas Rainsford "Doug" Tompkins (March 20, 1943 – December 8, 2015) was an American conservationist, outdoorsman, philanthropist, filmmaker, agriculturalist, and businessman. He was born in Conneaut, Ohio. He co-founded and ran two companies: the outdoor equipment and clothing company The North Face and the Esprit clothing company.

On December 8, 2015, Tompkins was kayaking with five others on General Carrera Lake in southern Chile when strong waves caused their kayaks to capsize. Tompkins spent a "considerable amount of time" in waters under . He was flown via helicopter to a hospital in nearby Coyhaique, where he died from severe hypothermia. He was 72 years old and was survived by his wife, two daughters, mother and brother.


Shipwreck

A shipwreck is the remains of a ship that has been wrecked. Shipwrecks are found either beached on land or sunken to the seabed of a body of water. They may be deliberate or accidental. UNESCO estimates that worldwide over 3 million shipwrecks. Some are thousands of years old.

Historic wrecks are attractive to marine archaeologists because they preserve historical information. For example, studying the wreck of "Mary Rose" revealed information about seafaring, warfare, and life in the 16th century. Military wrecks, caused by a battle at sea, are studied to find details about the historic events. They can reveal much about the battle that occurred. Once in a while there is a discovery of a treasure ship, often from the period of European colonisation. Some contemporary wrecks, such as the oil tankers "Prestige" or "Erika", are of interest because of their potential harm to the environment. Other contemporary wrecks are scuttled (sank deliberately) in order to create reef growth.

Some very famous shipwrecks include the RMS "Titanic", HMHS "Britannic", RMS "Lusitania", SS "Andrea Doria", SS "Edmund Fitzgerald" or the "Costa Concordia". There are also thousands of wrecks that were not lost at sea but have been abandoned or sunk. These abandoned, or derelict ships are typically smaller craft, such as fishing vessels. They sometimes pose a hazard to navigation. 


Eddy current

An eddy current can be made when you have a solenoid (coil of wire), in which there is a soft iron core. When you connect the solenoid to an AC power source, metal objects held above the cross sectional area of the solenoid are repelled due to Lenz's Law.

Analytic philosophy

Analytic philosophy is a branch of philosophy that was important in the 20th century. Analytical philosophy focuses on the philosophy of language and on argumentation. Important thinkers of this movement include Gottlob Frege, Bertrand Russell, Ludwig Wittgenstein and Willard Van Orman Quine.


Johan Ludvig Runeberg

Johan Ludvig Runeberg (; 5 February 1804 – 6 May 1877) was a poet from Finland. He is the national poet of Finland. He wrote in the Swedish language.

Runeberg's most famous work is "Fänrik Ståls sägner" (The Tales of Ensign Stål, "Vänrikki Stoolin tarinat" in Finnish). He wrote it between 1848 and 1860. The book consists of 36 poems. The tales are about Finnish War of 1808–09. In the war Russia got Finland from Sweden. In the tales Runeberg tries to tell us that deep down inside people are similar on both sides of the war. In that book, small people from Finland become heroes in their own life. The first poem "Vårt land" ("Our Land", "Maamme" in Finnish) became the Finnish National anthem.

George S. Irving

George S. Irving (George Irving Shelasky; November 1, 1922 – December 26, 2016) was an American actor. He was known for his character roles on Broadway. He voiced the Heat Miser in "The Year Without a Santa Claus" (1974) and in "A Miser Brothers' Christmas" (2008). Irving recorded the audio version of "Scary Stories to Tell in the Dark". He also appeared on stage in "Oklahoma!" and on television in "All in the Family". He won a Tony Award in 1973.


Edmund Lyndeck

Edmund Lyndeck (October 4, 1925 – December 14, 2015) was an American character actor and musical theatre actor. He began his career in 1970 when he appeared in "The Ed Sullivan Show". He appeared on stage as Ebenezer Scrooge in "A Christmas Carol". He also appeared in the stage production of "Into the Woods". 

Lyndeck appeared in guest appearances on "Ed", "The Cosby Show", and "".


Bayonne, New Jersey

Bayonne (pronounced "bay-OWN") is a city in Hudson County, New Jersey, United States. Bayonne is east of Newark, the state's largest city, north of Elizabeth in Union County and west of Brooklyn. As of 2020, the population was 71,686.

H. Arnold Steinberg

H. Arnold Steinberg (May 12, 1933 – December 11, 2015) was a Canadian businessman and philanthropist of Jewish descent. He was the Chancellor of McGill University serving from 2009 through 2014.

He studied at McGill University and Harvard University.

In 1957, he started working at Dominion Securities Corp. Ltd. before joining Steinberg Inc. in 1958. He would remain at the company until 1989 and was Chief Financial Officer.

Steinberg died suddenly in Montreal, Quebec from a heart attack on December 11, 2015 at the age of 82.

Metropolitan Community Church

The Metropolitan Community Church (MCC) is an international Protestant Christian denomination. It is based in Los Angeles, California. It has 222 member congregations in 37 countries. It has a specific outreach to lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender families and communities. The MCC has property worth $50 million. It has 40,000 members. They want to double in size in the next ten years. They also want acceptance by other Christian organizations. The MCC currently has "Official Observer" status with the World Council of Churches. MCC supports same-sex marriage. The MCC has been denied membership in the US National Council of Churches. Many local MCC congregations are members of local ecumenical partnerships around the world. MCC also belongs to several statewide councils of churches in the United States.

Deschooling

Deschooling is a word that was first used by Ivan Illich (Austrian philosopher, 1926–2002). Many homeschoolers use the word to describe the process that children go through when they left the school system to start homeschooling. It is an important process for homeschooling, in which children should prepare for their first homeschool days. Some children need more time to go through it than others. Families do this normally because many things in homechooling are different from the public school system.


Unschooling

Unschooling is a special form of homeschooling. In this form of education, learners choose activities as their medium for learning. It is not as known as traditional homeschooling, but is becoming more known.

Many persons decide to do unschooling because it makes it possible to learn through natural life experiences, or they do not like the concept of schooling and think that they can learn better by doing other activities.

There are different branches of unschooling. Here are some examples:


Critics of unschooling think that children will lack the social skills, structure, and motivation of their schooled peers, while other think that the opposite is true.


John Bannon

John Charles Bannon (7 May 1943 – 13 December 2015) was an Australian politician for the Labor Party. He was the 39th Premier of South Australia from 10 November 1982 until 4 September 1992. He was born in Bendigo, Victoria and grew up in Adelaide, South Australia.

Bannon died from cancer on 13 December 2015 in Adelaide, aged 72.


Abu Ali al-Anbari

Abu Ali al-Anbari (; born 1957/1959 - died 12 December 2015) was an Iraqi government official. He was the nom de guerre for the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL) governor for territories held by the organization in Syria. He was thought to be the second-in-command (along with his counterpart Abu Muslim al-Turkmani (KIA) who held a similar position in Iraq).

He plays a political role of overseeing the local councils and acts as a kind of political envoy. His military role includes directing operations against both other Syrian rebels who oppose President Bashar al-Assad's government and the Syrian government itself.

In November 2015, the New York Times reported that al-Anbari had recently arrived in Libya by boat, where the group has established a powerful branch centered in the city of Sirte. On December 12, 2015 al-Anbari was killed in an airstrike by the Iraqi army.

Benedict Anderson

Benedict Richard O'Gorman Anderson (August 26, 1936 – December 13, 2015) was an American academic and writer. He was a polyglot.He was the Aaron L. Binenkorb Professor Emeritus of International Studies, Government & Asian Studies at Cornell University. He was best known for his book "Imagined Communities", first published in 1983. He worked on the "Cornell Paper." That report showed that the official story of Indonesia's 30 September Movement and the Indonesian killings of 1965–66 was not true. Indonesia forced him to leave that country.

Anderson was born in Kunming, China, to James O'Gorman Anderson and Veronica Beatrice Bigham. In 1941 the family moved to California. In 1957, Anderson received a Bachelor of Arts in Classics from Cambridge University, and he later earned a Ph.D. from Cornell's Department of Government, where he studied modern Indonesia under the guidance of George Kahin. He was the brother of historian Perry Anderson. 

Anderson died in Batu, Malang, in his sleep of heart failure on December 13, 2015 at the age of 79.


Juan Ponce de León

Juan Ponce de León (1460-1521) was a Spanish nobleman, explorer and colonial governor. Looking for gold and a rumored "Fountain of Youth, he landed on the southeast coast of North America near present-day St. Augustine, Florida. He claimed the lands for Spain and named it "La Florida" (place of flowers). In 1521, on his second trip to Florida, he was wounded in an attack. The expedition returned to Cuba where he died in July 1521 from his wound.

Ponce de León was born in 1460 in Santervás de Campos, Spain. He was born into a poor but noble family. His parents may have died while he was still young. He was sent to the estate of Pedro Núñez de Guzmán, Lord of Toral, to serve as a page. He became a soldier and fought against the Moors in Granada. He was probably with Christopher Columbus on his second voyage.

He eventually became a soldier and fought against the Moors in Granada. Like other conquistadores, Ponce de León soon sought fame and fortune through exploration, and it is believed he began his quest as part of Christopher Columbus's second expedition in 1493.

Some ten years later he was a Captain under Nicolás de Ovando, the governor of the island of Hispaniola. Ponce de León put down a mutiny and was made governor of the eastern province of Hispaniola. Ponce de León received a substantial land grant which authorized sufficient Taino slave labor to farm his new estate.

Ponce de León prospered in this new role. He found a ready market for his farm produce and livestock at nearby Boca de Yuma. This was where Spanish ships stocked supplies before the long voyage back to Spain. In 1505 Ovando authorized Ponce de León to establish a new town in Higüey, which he named Salvaleón. In 1508 King Ferdinand authorized Ponce de León to conquer the remaining Tainos and exploit them in gold mining.

Around this time, Ponce de León married Leonora, an innkeeper's daughter. They had three daughters (Juana, Isabel and Maria) and one son (Luis). The large stone house Ponce de León ordered built for his growing family still stands today near the city of Salvaleón de Higüey.

In 1508 Ponce de León led an expedition to what is now Puerto Rico. They searched for and found gold. After founding a colony there he was appointed governor. 

In 1513, with three ships, Ponce de León led an expedition to discover what is now the east coast of Florida. According to tradition, he landed at or near St. Augustine, Florida. He named the place "La Florida". This is most probably because he landed during the Spanish Easter celebration called Pascua Florida. After exploring the coast further, they returned to Puerto Rico.

Ponce de León returned in 1521 with 200 settlers. They brought cattle, horses, and what they needed to farm the land. As they were building the settlement they were attacked by local Indians. In the fighting Ponce de León received a mortal wound, possibly by a poisoned arrow. The party returned to Cuba where Ponce de León died. He was buried in what is now San Juan before the alter of the Dominican church. His remains were later moved to San Juan cathedral.

The story of a fountain of youth goes back many centuries. Herodotus (425 – 484 BC) talked about a group he called the Macrobians who lived somewhere in modern day Ethiopia. He said they remained youthful, were physically strong and lived a long time. Calling it a fountain of youth came much later. The stories of Ponce de León and his search for a fountain of youth developed after his death. There is no mention of such a goal in any of his orders. In 1535 the Spanish historian Gonzalo Fernández de Oviedo y Valdés first stated Ponce de León was searching for a fountain of youth. The legend was repeated by later writers and embellished.

Rowan University

Rowan University is a public university in Glassboro, New Jersey, United States. The school also has a campus in Camden, New Jersey. The school opened in 1923 as Glassboro Normal School on a twenty-five acre site donated by the town. The school became New Jersey State Teachers College at Glassboro in the 1930s. Then it became Glassboro State College in 1958. Starting in the 1970s, it added programs in business, communications, and engineering.

It was renamed Rowan College of New Jersey in 1992, after Henry Rowan and his wife Betty gave the school $100 million. At the time, the gift was largest ever given to a public college. It became Rowan University on March 21, 1997, when it won approval for university status from the New Jersey Commission on Higher Education. In the fall of 2012, Cooper Medical School of Rowan University opened in Camden. It was the first public medical school in New Jersey not associated with the University of Medicine and Dentistry of New Jersey. It later took over the School of Osteopathic Medicine on July 1, 2013. It became the second university in the United States to offer both an M.D. and a D.O. program.


Training corset

A training corset is a corset used for doing body modification (changing the body). It may be used for orthopedic reasons (such as to correct a crooked spine) or for cosmetic reasons (to achieve a smaller waistline which is commonly called waist training).

The term "training corset" is also sometimes used for BDSM corsets used for discipline.


Coccinella septempunctata

The seven-spot ladybird ("Coccinella septempunctata") is a colourful beetle. It has red back (wing cases) with seven black spots, black and white head, legs and stomach. As an adult it is 5-8 mm long.

"Coccinella septempunctata" is the most common lady beetle in Europe. Because it eats harmful insects, people have imported it to North America.

Ladybirds are members of the family Coccinellidae, which is in the infraorder Cucujiformia.

Whooper swan

The whooper swan ("Cygnus cygnus"), is a large white bird which lives in Europe and Asia. It is the Eurasian counterpart of the North American trumpeter swan. Francis Willughby and John Ray's "Ornithology" of 1676 called this swan "the Elk, Hooper, or wild Swan".

An adult whooper swan weighs 9-11 kg. It is 140-160 cm long (including neck and head) and it has a wingspan of 205-235 cm. Young swans are grey-brown. They have a pink and black beak. The young get pale grey in end of their first summer. They get the white adult colour before their second winter. Male and female swans look otherwise similar, but the males are larger.
The whooper swan, Bewick's swan and mute swan look quite similar, but the details are different.
Whooper swan is clearly larger than Bewick's swan. When it lands it water or takes off it slides longer distances. 

Whooper swans eat mainly plants growing in water: leaves, stems and roots. During the winter they also eat grain and vegetables from the fields. Young birds often eat insects. 

The nest is a large pile of plant matter built on dry ground or on small islands near lakeshore. The same nest mound may be used over many years although it is often repaired and new material is added.

Whooper swans spends their summer in Northern Europe and Asia. For winter they migrate to coasts where sea does not freeze.

In year 2006 it was estimated, that there are more than 180,000 whooper swans in the world. Out of these, 10,000-100,000 pairs breed in Russia. Between one thousand and ten thousand birds also spend their winter there.

Roland D-50

The Roland D-50 is a linear/polyphonic 61-key synthesizer made by Roland. It was released in 1987. Its features include Linear Arithmetic synthesis, on-board effects, a joystick for data manipulation, and an analog synthesis-styled keyboard layout. The external Roland PG-1000 programmer could also be attached to the D-50 for more complex manipulation of sounds. It was also produced in a rack-mount version. This was called the D-550 and had almost 450 user-adjustable parameters.

Dexter Gordon

Dexter Gordon (February 27, 1923 – April 25, 1990) was an American jazz tenor saxophonist. He was born in Los Angeles, California. He was also known as "Long Tall Dexter" and "Sophisticated Giant". Gordon's career lasted for over 40 years. He was among the earliest tenor players to adapt the bebop musical language.

Gordon died in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania from renal failure and laryngeal cancer at the age of 67.


Vadym Tyshchenko

Vadym Tyshchenko or Vadim Nikolayevich Tishchenko (24 March 1963 – 14 December 2015) was a Soviet and Ukrainian association football player and coach.

Tyshchenko made his debut for USSR on 29 August 1987 in a friendly game against Yugoslavia. He played in UEFA Euro 1988, but was not selected for the squad for that tournament or for the 1990 FIFA World Cup.

Tyshchenko died in Kiev, Ukraine from a heart attack at the age of 52.


George Tiller

George Richard Tiller, MD (August 8, 1941 – May 31, 2009) was an American physician. He was from Wichita, Kansas. He became well-known as the medical director of Women's Health Care Services, one of only three clinics nationwide to provide late-term abortions at the time.

During his tenure with the center, which began in 1975 and continued the medical practice of his father, Tiller was targeted with protest and violence by anti-abortion groups and individuals. After his clinic was firebombed in 1986, Tiller was shot in both arms by anti-abortion extremist Shelley Shannon in 1993.

On May 31, 2009, Tiller was fatally shot in the side of the head by anti-abortion extremist Scott Roeder, as Tiller served as an usher during the Sunday morning service at his church in Wichita. Roeder was convicted of murder on January 29, 2010, and sentenced to life imprisonment.


Krampus (movie)

Krampus is a 2015 American fantasy comedy horror movie based on Krampus from Alpine folklore. It was directed by Michael Dougherty and written by Dougherty, Todd Casey, and Zach Shields.

The movie stars Adam Scott, Toni Collette, David Koechner, Allison Tolman, Conchata Ferrell, Emjay Anthony, Stefania LaVie Owen, and Krista Stadler. It was released on December 4, 2015, by Universal Pictures to mixed reviews.

Adam Scott

Adam Paul Scott (born April 3, 1973) is an American actor, comedian, director, screenwriter, producer, podcaster, dancer, and poet. He is best known for his role as Ben Wyatt in the NBC sitcom "Parks and Recreation". He has also appeared as Derek in the movie "Step Brothers", and Henry Pollard in the Starz sitcom "Party Down".



Keith Ellison

Keith Maurice Ellison (born August 4, 1963) is an American politician. He is the Attorney General of Minnesota. He is a member of the Democratic-Farmer-Labor Party (DFL), the Minnesota state Democratic Party affiliate.

He was the U.S. Representative for from 2007 to 2019. Ellison is a co-chair of the Congressional Progressive Caucus and a Chief Deputy Whip, also notably serving in the House Committee on Financial Services.

Ellison is the first Muslim to be elected to Congress. He is also the first African American elected to the House from Minnesota.

In November 2016, progressive groups and United States senators, including Bernie Sanders of Vermont, supported Ellison for chair of the Democratic National Committee. On February 25, 2017, minutes after defeating him on a second ballot, Chairman Tom Perez motioned for Ellison to be elected his Deputy Chair which was approved by a unanimous voice vote of DNC members.

On June 5, 2018, Ellison announced that he was running for Attorney General of Minnesota and not seeking reelection to Congress. He won the election in November 2018.

Vitus Bering

Vitus Jonassen Bering (1681 - 1741), also called Ivan Ivanovich Bering (Russian name) was a Danish seafarer and explorer. He went into the service of the Russian navy in 1704. He was commissioned a second lieutenant. During the Great Northern War he distinguished himself and was promoted to the rank of commander.

In 1639 a group of Russian "promyshlenniki" (hunter-traders) sailed from Russia into the Pacific ocean, They were the first Europeans to sailed between Asia and North America. Peter the great, Czar of Russia, wanted to send an expedition to confirm the information. In 1724 he sent the first Kamchatka expedition (1725-30) led by Bering. One of their tasks was to see if Siberia was connected to North America. They sailed first to the Kamchatka Peninsula where a ship was built for the exploration. In 1728 Bering sailed north far enough to discover that Siberia and North America (Alaska) were not connected. 

The Second Kamchatka Expedition (1733-43) was a very large scientific expedition. It was also led by Bering. The scientific expedition sent out smaller explorations to chart the coasts of Siberia, the Pacific, and several research expeditions. Ships were sent to Japan and America to promote Russian interests. Bering reached Alaska in 1741. On the return journey they had to stop at Bering Island. While there nearly half the crew, including Bering, died. In 1991, Danish archaeologists found his grave.

Ritornello

Ritornello is an Italian word meaning "little return". At first in music ritornello was used as an instruction to repeat a part. By the 1600's the word was used to describe a part of the music played by instruments in a vocal piece. These instrumental sections could be at the start (a prelude), in the middle (an interlude), or at the end (a postlude). In dramatic music, the ritornello provided an opportunity for dancing, or for a scene change. In the Baroque period, a common way to write a song, called an aria, was in da capo form. The aria would be written as two contrasting sections, A and B. By adding an instrumental ritornello (R), the aria could be developed further, forming the scheme R–A–R–B–R–A–R.

In the early 1700's composers began using the ritornello form in concertos, the solo instrument replacing the voice. This gave the composer the chance to develop music during the solos with new material and key changes, between repeated sections of full orchestra. Guiseppe Torelli began using this form, which was then developed and extended by Antonio Vivaldi. Vivaldi's way of using this form has the following features:

Later composers such as Bach and Telemann used Vivaldi's form in their works.

Dominant (music)

The dominant in music is the fifth note of a major or minor scale. In a C scale, the fifth and dominant note will be G. Chords built on this note are called dominant chords. In the key of C, the dominant chord will be G-B-D. Keys have the same relationship as notes, so the dominant key will be the key of the fifth note. So in C, the key of G is the dominant key. In musical theory, the dominant is written with the roman numeral "V".

National Medal of Science

The National Medal of Science is an honor given by the President of the United States. It is awarded to people in science and engineering who did important work in behavioral, social sciences, biology, chemistry, engineering, mathematics and physics.

The National Medal of Science was made on August 25, 1959, by an act of the Congress of the United States. The medal was to be to honor scientists in the fields of the "physical, biological, mathematical or engineering sciences".

Camcorder

A camcorder is an electronic device which combines a video camera and a video recorder. Most devices capable of recording video are camera phones and digital cameras primarily intended for still pictures. The term "camcorder" is used to describe a portable, self-contained device, with video capture and recording as its primary function.

<br>

Marilyn Maxwell

Marilyn Maxwell (August 3, 1921 – March 20, 1972) was an American actress and entertainer. She was a sex symbol in the 1940s and 1950s. She appeared in several movies and radio programs. She played Hazel Moon in "Lost in a Harem" (1944). She also played Grace Diamond in "Champion" (1949).

Maxwell was born in Clarinda, Iowa. She died from a heart attack at age 50.

Silver birch

The silver birch ("Betula pendula"), also known as the warty birch, European white birch, or East Asian white birch, is a deciduous tree in the family Betulaceae. It grows in Europe, parts of Asia and North America.

The silver birch is a medium-sized tree, which has triangle-shaped leaves. In autumn the leaves turn yellow and fall. Trunk is shining white. The twigs are slender, and in an old tree the they often hang downwards. The flowers are grouped in an inflorescence called a catkin. The wind spreads the birch seed. The trees are monoecious, with both male and female catkins on the same tree.


Eisaku Satō

Eisaku Satō (27 March 1901 – 3 June 1975) was a Japanese politician and the 39th Prime Minister of Japan. He was first elected in December 1964. He was the first Prime Minister to have been born in the 20th century. Satō shared the Nobel Peace Prize with Seán MacBride in 1974. He received the award for representing the Japanese people's will for peace, and for signing the nuclear weapons Non-Proliferation Treaty in 1970.

Satō was born in Tabuse in Yamaguchi Prefecture. He suffered a stroke on May 23, 1975 and fell into a deep coma. He died on 3 June 1975 a Tokyo hospital.

Eddie Shore

Edward William Shore (November 23, 1902 – March 16, 1985), also known as Eddie Shore, was a Canadian professional hockey player known for playing defense for the Boston Bruins. He was born in Fort Qu'Appelle, Canada.

Shore played for the Melville Millionaires, Regina Capitals, Edmonton Eskimos, New York Americans, Boston Bruins, Springfeild Indians and the Buffalo Bisons.

Armando Cossutta

Armando Cossutta (2 September 1926 – 14 December 2015) was an Italian communist politician. After World War II, he became one of the leading members of the party, representing the most pro-Soviet Union tendency. Cossutta was president of the Party of Italian Communists, and Member of Parliament. He also served as Member of the European Parliament during the 5th European term (1999-2004). In 1999, Cossutta appeared on a list of alleged Italian KGB spies. Cossutta has not been convicted.

Cossutta died on 14 December 2015 in Rome, Italy from bronchopneumonia, aged 89.

Evelyn S. Lieberman

Evelyn May Simonowitz Lieberman (July 9, 1944 – December 12, 2015) was an American public affairs professional. During the Bill Clinton administration, she became the first woman to serve as White House Deputy Chief of Staff serving for a few months in 1996. 

She was the first United States Under Secretary of State for Public Diplomacy and Public Affairs. From 2002 until her death, Lieberman worked for the Smithsonian Institution, most recently as Senior Advisor and Assistant to the Secretary for external relations.

Lieberman died of pancreatic cancer in Washington, D.C., aged 71.


Jansila Majeed

Jansila Majeed is an activist in the Puttalam District of Sri Lanka. In 2010, she received an International Women of Courage Award from the U.S. Department of State.

Majeed was an internally displaced person (IDP) for 20 years. She works for the rights of Muslim and Tamil IDPs in Sri Lanka.

Majeed started her work in 1992 with a group of five people. She is the Managing Trustee of the Community Trust Fund in Puttalam. The group is an NGO that works for minority rights, women's rights, and peace. It also works with young people, and teaches about the dangers of mines in the north and east.

Majeed spoke at the beginning of the UNDP 2010 Asia-Pacific Human Development Report on Gender. In her report, she said that Sri Lanka must change its ideas about women's rights, women in politics, legal rights for women and working women.


Marie Claude Naddaf

Marie Claude Naddaf (Arabic: ماري كلود نداف ) is an activist and a nun from Syria. In 2010, she received an International Women of Courage Award. 

In 1994, Naddaf became Mother Superior at the Good Shepherd Convent in Damascus. In 1996, she opened the "Oasis Shelter" with her convent. The Oasis Shelter was the first organization for victims of human trafficking and domestic violence in Syria. She also started the first telephone hotline in Syria. It was part of an emergency shelter for women.

Naddaf worked for the right of women in police custody in Syria to go to shelter, if they are victims of trafficking. She also started a nursery school and a vocational education program at the prison for women in Damascus.

She received a 2010 International Women of Courage award.


Perry Anderson

Francis Rory Peregrine "Perry" Anderson (born 11 September 1938) is a British historian and political essayist. He is a specialist in intellectual history such as the post-1956 Western Marxism of the New Left.

Anderson was educated at Eton College and Worcester College, Oxford.

He is Professor of History and Sociology at the University of California, Los Angeles (UCLA) and a former editor of the "New Left Review". Anderson has written several books, the latest being "The Indian Ideology" (2012), a polemic against the Indian nation-building project. He is the brother of political scientist Benedict Anderson.


Lillian Vernon

Lillian Vernon (born Lilli Menasche; March 18, 1927 – December 14, 2015) was an American businesswoman, entrepreneur, and philanthropist. She founded the Lillian Vernon Corporation in 1951 and served as its chairman and CEO until July 1989, though she continued to serve as executive chairman until 2003.

Vernon was born in Leipzig, Germany. Because they were of Jewish descent the Vernon family fled to the United States in 1937.

Vernon died from congestive heart failure in Manhattan, New York City at the age of 88.

Jestina Mukoko

Jestina Mukoko is a human rights activist and journalist from Zimbabwe. In 2010, she received the International Women of Courage Award.

Jestina Mukoko is the director of the Zimbabwe Peace Project. She studied to be a journalist, and she was a newsreader with the Zimbabwe Broadcasting Corporation.

On December 3, 2008, Jestina Mukoko was kidnapped from her house near the city of Harare. Dumisani Muleya of "Business Day" newspaper said that she was "abducted by suspected state agents for allegedly being involved in plans for anti government demonstrations."

Mukoko told The Independent newspaper that they asked her about her NGO, the Peace Project. The said she wanted to train young people to fight the government. They beat her on the bottom of her feet with rubber hoses. They said this is a favourite torture instrument in Zimbabwe because it does not leave a mark on the feet for later. 

Many world leaders asked for her freedom, including Gordon Brown and Condoleezza Rice. A "Group of Elders", including Jimmy Carter, Kofi Annan and Graca Machel, wanted to come to Zimbabwe, but the government refused to let them come in. Instead, they talked to the newspapers in South Africa. 

The Zimbabwe High Court told the Zimbabwe Republic Police to look for Mukoko. The police did nothing. They said they did not know where she was. 

On 24 December, Mukoko appeared in court in Harare on charges of trying to get young people to fight the government. She did not have a lawyer. She was with seven other people who were kidnapped. The group included a 72-year-old man and a two-year-old boy whose father and mother, Violet Mupfuranhehwe and Collen Mutemagawo, were also prisoners. In March 2009, three months after her kidnapping, Jestina Mukoko was free on bail. She had to go to the police station every week. They took her passport. On 21 September 2009 the Zimbabwe Supreme Court said she was free. Amnesty International said this was a good decision.


Ananda Prasad Pokharel

Ananda Prasad Pokharel is a Nepali politician. He is currently the Minister for Culture, Tourism and Civil Aviation in Nepal. He is also a member of Napal's Investment Board.

UNOVIS

UNOVIS was an important group of Russian artists. It was taken over by Kazimir Malevich at the Vitebsk Art School in 1919. It started of with a group of students and was called MOLPOSNOVIS. The group developed new idea about art. Once Malevich became the leader they changed their name to UNOVIS. The group only lasted until 1926.
UNOVIS stood for "Utverditeli Novovo Iskusstva" which is Russian. In English it meant "affirmers of the new art".

The group had many changes. First known as MOLPOSNOVIS, after the school's teachers joined and it became POSNOVIS. In 1920, Malevich was invited them to teach at the school in 1919 by Marc Chagall. In February of the same year Malevich became leader.

Zakho

Zakho is a city in Iraqi Kurdistan. It has about 350,000 inhabitants. It is in the Dahuk Province. There is a university in Zaxo. The biggest soccer club is Zakho FC.

Duhok

Duhok is a city in Iraqi Kurdistan. The city is the capital of Dahuk Province and has a population of 500,000. There is a university in Duhok. The soccer club is Duhok SC.

Ethiopian calendar

The Ethiopian calendar is the main calendar used in Ethiopia. It serves as the liturgical calendar for Christians in Eritrea and Ethiopia belonging to the Orthodox Tewahedo churches, Eastern Catholic Church and Coptic Orthodox Church. It is a solar calendar which comes from the Egyptian calendar. But like the Julian calendar, it adds a leap day every four years. It begins the year on August 29 or August 30 in the Julian calendar. A seven to eight-year gap between the Ethiopian and Gregorian calendars results from an alternate calculation in determining the date of the annunciation of Jesus.

Like the Coptic calendar, the Ethiopic calendar has twelve months of 30 days plus five or six epagomenal days, which make up a thirteenth month. The Ethiopian months begin on the same days as those of the Coptic calendar. The names of the days are in Ge'ez. The sixth epagomenal day is added every four years without exception on August 29 of the Julian calendar. This occurs six months before the Julian leap day. Thus the first day of the Ethiopian year, "1 Mäskäräm", for years between 1900 and 2099 (inclusive), is usually September 11 (Gregorian). It, however, falls on September 12 in years before the Gregorian leap year. The Ethiopian New Year falls on September 11 of the Gregorian calendar. On leap years it falls on September 12.

In 1582 the Christian world changed from the Julian calendar to the Gregorian calendar. Ethiopia did not make the change. As a result, Ethiopia is seven years and eight months behind those countries that use the Gregorian calendar. Christmas and Easter fall on different dates than they would elsewhere.

In Ethiopia banks, airlines and other institutions that tourists would use run on the western calendar. Everywhere else the Ethiopian calendar is used. That may cause some confusion.


East of England Ambulance Service

The East of England Ambulance Service NHS Trust (EEAST) provides ambulance services in the counties of Bedfordshire, Cambridgeshire, Essex, Hertfordshire, Norfolk and Suffolk, in the East of England. The service is free, which means people who are hurt do not have to pay money to be driven to a hospital. Under the Patient's Charter every person in the United Kingdom is allowed to use an ambulance if there is an emergency.

The East England Ambulance Service do not only drive people to hospitals, they also help heal people who are injured and are too far from a hospital.

The trust was formed on 1 July 2006, when three ambulance services came together. They were the Bedfordshire and Hertfordshire Ambulance and Paramedic Service NHS Trust, the East Anglian Ambulance NHS Trust, and the Essex Ambulance Service NHS Trust. The result was an ambulance service covering an area of over with a population of 5.8 million people, and one which answers over 500,000 emergency calls every year.

In 2009, the Trust got in trouble by the Care Quality Commission because the ambulances were dirty and the employees did not know how to handle many medical procedures.

In 2009 and 2010, the company went to 668,451 emergency calls, including 207,626 high-priority "category A" emergencies. It arrived at 75.67% of these "category A" calls within eight minutes, and 96.04% within 19 minutes.
The company has the following vehicles and stations in operation:


The company has a driving school. This school has trained more than 220 employees in emergency driving.

3,994 people work at the ambulance company.



Geastrum quadrifidum

Geastrum quadrifidum or the rayed earthstar, or four-footed earthstar, is an inedible species of mushroom. It is a species of "Geastrum", or earthstar fungi. It was first described scientifically by Christian Hendrik Persoon in 1794. It is found in Europe, the Americas, Africa, Asia, and Australasia. The fungus is a saprobe. It feeds on dead wood and plant materials.

<br>

Physical dependence

Physical dependence is a term used in medicine: If a drug is taken regularly, a certain level of tolerance may have developed. Abruptly stopping to use the drug will cause drug withdrawal symptoms. If the drug has been taken for a longer period of time, or the dosage was higher, the withdrawal symptoms will be more severe. Well known drugs with withdrawal symptoms include opioids, alcohol, and may of the drugs knownn as neuroleptics.

Gabre Gabric

Ljubica "Gabre" Gabric (17 October 1914 – 16 December 2015) was a Croatian-born Italian track and field athlete. She competed in the 1936 Summer Olympics and in the 1948 Summer Olympics. Her best discus throw was 43.35 m (1939). 

She was the widow of Sandro Calvesi, mother-in-law of Eddy Ottoz and the grandmother of Laurent Ottoz and Patrick Ottoz.


Licio Gelli

Licio Gelli (; April 21, 1919 – December 15, 2015) was an Italian financier, politician, and writer. He was known for his role in the Banco Ambrosiano scandal. He was revealed in 1981 as being the Venerable Master of the clandestine lodge Propaganda Due (P2).

Gelli was born in Pistoia, Tuscany. During the 1930s, Gelli volunteered for the Blackshirts expeditionary forces sent by Mussolini in support of Francisco Franco's rebellion in the Spanish Civil War.

In 1996, Gelli was nominated as a candidate for the Nobel Prize in Literature, supported by Mother Teresa and Naguib Mahfouz.

Gelli died in Arezzo, Tuscany from respiratory failure at the age of 96.



John Cabot

John Cabot (, (1449 – 1499) was an Italian navigator and explorer. In 1497, sailing westward from England in his ship "Matthew", he landed in what he thought was Asia. In fact he came to North America, in what is now eastern Canada, which he claimed for King Henry VII. he landed in what is now known as Bonavista, Newfoundland. A town in the most eastern province of Canada. He died in England in 1499.

Giovanni Caboto (his Italian name) was probably born in Genoa about 1469. Most of his early life was not written about because so much of his history is missing. When he was still young, his family moved over to Venice. Venice was a much larger seaport than Genoa and at the time was the most important in all of Europe. Growing up there, he learned a great deal about sailing and the sea. Cabot became an excellent sailor. His father was a trader and taught Giovanni (John) all about the spice trade.

Cabot married a young woman named Mattea (female form of the name Matthew) in about 1474. They had three sons, who Cabot taught to sail, and they also became great sailors. By this time he was a merchant and traveled widely. He and his family then moved to the port of Bristol, England about 1495.
He set sail from Bristol. Cabot sailed across the North Atlantic in about 70 weeks. His ship, the "Matthew" had a crew of 69 men. During the voyage they saw enormous quantities of cod fish. Fishermen would soon follow to take advantage of the rich fishing of the Grand Banks of Newfoundland.

Euler–Bernoulli beam theory

Euler–Bernoulli beam theory (also known as engineer's beam theory or classical beam theory) is a simple method to calculate bending of beams when a load is applied. This applies to small deflections (how far something moves) of a beam without considering effects of shear deformations. Therefore, it can be considered a special case of the Timoshenko beam theory. It was first introduced around 1750. It gained popularity during the development of the Eiffel Tower and the Ferris wheel in the late 19th century. After that, it was used in many engineering fields including mechanical engineering and civil engineering. Although other advanced methods have been developed, the Euler-Bernoulli beam theory is still widely used because of its simplicity. 

Leonhard Euler and Daniel Bernoulli were the first to put together the theory in 1750.
At the time, science and engineering were viewed differently than today. Mathematical theories such as the Euler-Bernoulli Beam theory were not trusted for practical engineering use. Bridges and buildings continued to be designed using the same methods until the late 19th century. This is when the Eiffel Tower and Ferris wheel showed the validity of the theory on a larger scale.

The Euler–Bernoulli equation describes the relationship between the beam's deflection and the applied load is as shown below:
Where formula_2 describes the deflection of the beam in the formula_3 direction at some position formula_4. formula_5 is a distributed load, in other words a force per unit length (analogous to pressure being a force per area); it may be a function of formula_4, formula_7, or other variables.

Shameful Secrets

Shameful Secrets, also known as Going Underground, is an American television movie. It was aired on ABC on October 10, 1993. It is about a child custody battle between Maryanne Walker-Tate (played by Joanna Kerns) and her abusive husband Daniel Tate (played by Tim Matheson).

William Ruto

William Samoei arap Ruto (born 21 December 1966) is a Kenyan politician who is the 5th President of Kenya since 2022. He was the Deputy President of Kenya from 2013 to 2022. 

Before becoming Deputy President, he had many ministerial positions including the Ministry of Agriculture and Ministry of Higher Education. He was Secretary General of KANU, the former ruling political party. Ruto was a member of Parliament for Eldoret North Constituency between December 1997 and January 2013. He won the seat in the 1997 Kenyan election after defeating Reuben Chesire.

Ruto was charged with crimes including murder by the International Criminal Court. The trial has been ongoing since 10 September 2013. The charges against him were dropped in 2016 due to lack of evidence by Fatou Bensouda. 

On 12 April 2022, Kenya Kwanza political coalition endorsed Ruto as its presidential candidate for 2022 elections. He would win the election with 50.5% of the vote, beating former Prime Minister Raila Odinga in August 2022.

Willamette Valley

The Willamette Valley () is a long valley in the Pacific Northwest region of the United States. The entire valley is in the state of Oregon. The valley contains the political and cultural areas of Oregon. It is home to about 70 percent of its population. This includes Portland, its largest city, and Salem, the state capital. The Willamette River flows the entire length of the valley. The valley is surrounded by mountains on three sides - the Oregon Coast Range to the west, the Cascade Range to the east, and the Calapooya Mountains to the south. 

The valley's many waterways are important to the economy of Oregon. They continuously put highly fertile alluvial soils on the valley's broad, flat plain. The valley was widely publicized in the 1820s as a 'promised land of flowing milk and honey'. Throughout the 19th century it was the destination for the oxen-drawn wagon trains of people on the Oregon Trail.

Today the valley is home to "Oregon Wine Country". Tt contains more than 19,000 acres of vineyards and 500+ wineries.

Indian softshell turtle

The Indian softshell turtle ("Nilssonia gangetica"), or Ganges softshell turtle is a species of softshell turtle. It lives in rivers such as the Ganges and Mahanadi in India and Bangladesh. Its shell can be up to in length. It feeds mostly on fish, amphibians, carrion and other animal matter, but also eats aquatic plants. The turtle is listed as a vulnerable species.

The turtle has a long neck and a long nose, which means it is able to easily keep the tip of the nose out of the water to breathe. It has an oval shaped shell, which is also fairly flat and smooth which means it is able to swim very fast.

These turtles are often kept in the temple ponds of Odisha where they are considered sacred.

The Indian softshell turtle is under threat as 30 to 40 tons of turtle meat is sold in markets every week. The shells are also used to make masks, which are sold to tourists. The turtles' habitat is also being changed by the building of dams, drainage works, and increasing levels of fishing and farming.

Marine Le Pen

Marine Le Pen (; born Marion Anne Perrine Le Pen; 5 August 1968) is a French politician. She was the leader of the National Front (FN) political party from 2011 until her resignation in 2017. She is a lawyer. She is the youngest daughter of Jean-Marie Le Pen, who was leader of FN for many years. She is the aunt of Marion Maréchal-Le Pen.

Le Pen unsuccessfully ran for President of France in the 2017 election, losing to Emmanuel Macron in the second round. She ran again in the 2022 election, advancing again to the second round against Macron and lost.

Marine Le Pen and her family has been the target of an assassination attempt in 1976 when she was 8 years old. She has studied law at Panthéon-Assas University and has become a barrister. She joined the National Front in 1998 and rose to prominence, being elected in several positions such as Member of the European Parliament in 2004, to finally succeed to her father at the head of the party in 2011.

Since that, Le Pen has led a movement of "de-demonisation of the National Front" (in reference to her father's nickname "The Devil of the Republic") in order to detoxify it and soften its image. She is considered to be far more republican and democratic than her controversial and nationalist father. Her success is also based on a renovated political speech and a renewed team. She got the best FN score at the 2012 French presidential election and her party have progressed in next elections until shoving the traditional bipartisan between right and left wings in France.

She has been ranked among the most influential people in the 2011 and 2015 Time 100.

Akseli Gallen-Kallela

Akseli Gallen-Kallela (26 April 1865 – 7 March 1931) was an artist from Finland. He started his career with realistic pictures of poor people from the countryside, and continued with romantic paintings of the themes of the Kalevala, the Finnish national epic. His work was considered very important for the Finnish national identity. He pioneered major changes in Finnish art. 

In addition to paintings Gallen-Kallela made prints, frescoes and designed textiles and furniture. His house and studio "Kalela" became a work of total art.

When Finland became independent, Gallen-Kallela designed uniforms and medals for its army.

Root hair

A root hair of a vascular plant, is a tubular outgrowth of a hair-forming cell on the epidermis of a plant root.

They are lateral extensions of a single cell, and invisible to the naked eye and light microscope. The function of root hairs is to collect water and mineral nutrients from the soil. This solution goes up through the roots to the rest of the plant.

Root hair cells survive for 2 to 3 weeks and then die off. New root hair cells are continually being formed at the tip of the root. This way, the root hair coverage stays the same.


Tenualosa ilisha

Tenualosa ilisha (ilish, hilsa, hilsa herring or hilsa shad) is a species of fish in the Clupeidae (herring) family. 

It is a popular food dish in South India, East India and in the People's Republic of Bangladesh. The fish contributes about 12% of the total fish production and about 1% of GDP (money earned) in Bangladesh. About 450,000 people are directly involved with catching it for a living. About four to five million people are involved in the trade.

It is also the National fish of Bangladesh. Other names include: palla fish, hilsha, ellis, ilish, (Bengali:ইলিশ): ilish, (Oriya:ଇଲିଶି): ilishii, Sindhī: پلو مڇي pallu machhi, (Telugu:పులస): pulasa or polasa.


Meyerasaurus

Meyerasaurus is an extinct genus of plesiosaur. An almost complete fossil was found in Holzmaden, Baden-Württemberg, southeastern Germany. It was a medium-sized, 3.35 m (11.0 ft) long, pliosaur.

The specimen was collected from shale over 150 years ago. The shale dates to the early Jurassic, about 183–180 million years ago (mya). The specimen was described as a species of "Plesiosaurus" a hundred years ago. It got its new name in 2010.

Most members of its family, the Rhomaleosauridae, have been found in England. They were found in the lower Blue Lias deposits which date to the earliest Jurassic, just above the boundary with the Triassic.

In the Line of Duty: The FBI Murders

In the Line of Duty: The F.B.I. Murders is a 1988 television crime movie starring David Soul. It is about a real event that happened in April 1986 and has since become known as "Bloody Friday". Two former army buddies, Mike Platt (played by David Soul) and Bill Matix (Michael Gross), commit a series of murders and bank robberies in Miami, Florida. A group of F.B.I. agents led by Benjamin Grogan (Ronny Cox), was assigned to the investigation. The story ends with one of the bloodiest clashes in FBI history, the 1986 FBI Miami shootout. It took place in the middle of a residential suburb in broad daylight. The movie was released on November 27, 1988.

Diatonic scale

The diatonic scale is one of the scales used in music. It is also called heptatonic scale, because it uses seven distinct pitch classes or tones. For each octave there are five whole steps and two half steps. The two half steps are separated by two or three whole steps. The word "diatonic" comes from the Greek , meaning progressing through tones.

The seven pitches of any diatonic scale can be obtained using a chain of six perfect fifths. An example of this would be the seven natural pitches which form the C-major scale. It can be constructed from a stack of perfect fifths starting from F:
This property of the diatonic scale is called Pythagorean tuning. It was historically relevant and contributed to the worldwide diffusion of diatonic scales, because it allowed musicians to tune musical instruments easily by ear.

Any sequence of seven successive natural notes, such as C-D-E-F-G-A-B, and all transpositions, are diatonic scales. Piano keyboards are designed to play natural notes, which are diatonic scales, with their white keys. A diatonic scale can be also described as two tetrachords separated by a whole tone.

The term "diatonic" originally referred to the diatonic genus, one of the three genera of the ancient Greeks. In musical set theory, Allen Forte classifies diatonic scales as set form 7–35.

The following scales are diatonic:

Examples of scales that are not diatonic are whole-tone scales, as well as the gypsy scales, which are often used for folk music.


Deepto TV

Deepto TV () is a private HD television channel in Bangladesh. The channel started broadcasting on 18 November 2015. The channel has daily drama serials. It also shows Bengali-dubbed programs from other countries

 

Vanessa Paradis

Vanessa Chantal Paradis (born 22 December 1972) is a French singer, model and actress.

She became a child star at age of 14 with the great worldwide success of her single "Joe le taxi". Since 1991, she has been a spokesmodel for Chanel. She was in a relationship with American actor Johnny Depp from 1998 to 2012, and they have two children: Lily-Rose and John "Jack" Christopher Depp III. She is also the older sister of Alysson Paradis, who is also an actress.


Database of Molecular Motions

The Database of Macromolecular Motions is a bioinformatics computer database on the Internet. It attempts to divide motions of protein and some RNA biological molecules into different types.

It was originally made by Mark B. Gerstein, Werner G. Krebs and Nat Echols in the molecular biophysics and biochemistry group at Yale University. People can use an Internet page to search this computer database for a particular motion by either the protein name or Protein Data Bank number. However, many people find this computer database by just coming over from the Internet page for the protein entry at the Protein Data Bank. For proteins found in both computer databases, this different computer database often gives a link back to the Internet page for the protein on this Internet site.

The computer database includes an Internet tool or free Software as a service (the "Morph server") which lets 
non-experts see certain protein motions through the generation of short motion pictures. The motion pictures are made automatically by computer software on the Internet site. When done the Internet site sends an email with the motion picture information back to the user.

The "Morph Server" tool was originally a research tool rather than a tool for making motion pictures, and thus offered
only limited user control over rendering, color, and point of view, and the original method
sometimes required a fair amount of computer time to complete. Since the site's
initial introduction in 1996, the Internet site has been made better
to try to fix some of these issues as well
as add new things.
Other people have now made alternative systems, such as MovieMaker from the University of Alberta.


Helge Solum Larsen

Helge Solum Larsen (14 January 1969 – 18 December 2015) was a Norwegian businessman and politician. He was a member of the Liberal Party. He served as deputy leader of the party from 2010 to 2012.

From 1994 to 1997 he was leader of the Young Liberals of Norway, the youth wing of the Liberal Party. He served as a deputy representative to the Parliament of Norway from Rogaland during the terms 1997–2001 and 2005–2009.

Larsen died from a sudden illness on 18 December 2015, aged 46.

Buckshot Hoffner

Sebastian Fabian Hoffner, known by his nickname Buckshot Hoffner (January 20, 1924 – December 17, 2015), was an American politician. He was a member of the North Dakota House of Representatives and North Dakota State Senate for 18 years in total. 

He was born and raised in Esmond, North Dakota. He was a veteran of World War II. Hoffner served as a Democrat in three separate stints in the House of Representatives: from 1962 to 1966, 1968 to 1972 and 1983 to 1984 in addition to serving as the House's minority leader in the 1971 session. During his eight years in the Senate from 1972 to 1980, he was its minority leader from 1975 to 1980.

Hoffner died on December 17, 2015 in Bismarck, North Dakota from heart failure, aged 91.

Harry Zvi Tabor

Harry Zvi Tabor (7 March 1917 – 15 December 2015) was a British-born Israeli physicist. He was known as the father of Israeli solar energy. Tabor was also involved in bringing Israel's solar energy program to international awareness.

Tabor was born in London. He died in Jerusalem on 15 December 2015 at the age of 98.


Hal Brown

Hector Harold "Hal" Brown (December 11, 1924 - December 17, 2015), nicknamed "Skinny", was an American pitcher in Major League Baseball. He played from through for the Chicago White Sox, Boston Red Sox, Baltimore Orioles, New York Yankees, and Houston Colt .45s.

He batted and threw right-handed; nicknamed 'Skinny Brown' by his parents because he was obese as a child. Brown weighed and stood tall during his active career. Brown was born in Greensboro, North Carolina.

Brown died in Greensboro, North Carolina, aged 91.


Peter Dickinson

Peter Malcolm de Brissac Dickinson OBE FRSL (16 December 1927 – 16 December 2015) was an English author and poet. He was best known for children's books and detective stories.

Dickinson won the annual Carnegie Medal from the Library Association for both "Tulku" (1979) and "City of Gold" (1980), each being called as the year's outstanding children's book by a British subject. Through 2012 he is one of seven writers to win two Carnegies; no one has won three. 

For his contributions as a children's writer Dickinson was a finalist for the Hans Christian Andersen Medal in 2000.

Dickinson died on his birthday in Winchester, Hampshire, England from an illness, aged 88.

Combine harvester

A combine harvester, also called a combine, is a machine that harvests crops. Its name comes from doing three separate parts of harvesting crops at once: 

Far fewer people work in farming as a result of the combine harvester.

Greville Janner

Greville Ewan Janner, Baron Janner of Braunstone (11 July 1928 – 19 December 2015) was a British politician, barrister and writer.

He was QC since 1971, he was a Labour MP from 1970 to 1997; and then a member of the House of Lords until he died. He was associated with a number of Jewish organisations including the Board of Deputies of British Jews, of which he was chairman from 1978 to 1984, and he was prominent in the field of education about the Holocaust.

Janner was alleged to have abused vulnerable children from 1955 to 1988.

Janner died on 19 December 2015 in London from Alzheimer's disease, aged 87 and months earlier he had been deemed unfit to stand trial over allegations of 33 years of sexually abusing vulnerable children.

Prayer in C

"Prayer in C" is a song by the band Lilly Wood and the Prick. It was originally released as a folk-pop song. The song was later remixed by DJ Robin Schulz in 2014. Schulz' remix peaked at number one on Billboard's Hot Dance/Electronic Songs chart. It hit number one in many European countries including the UK and Belgium. It reached the top twenty in Canada. The remix is a dance and house song. It was included on Schulz' album, "Prayer".

Mutabar Tadjibayeva

Mutabar Tadjibayeva ("Uzbek: Mo'tabar Tojiboyeva") is a journalist and human rights activist from Uzbekistan. She started the “Fiery Hearts Club” NGO. She also started the Uzbek news website Jarayon. In 2009 she received the International Women of Courage Award.

In August 2003, Tadjibayeva got people in a group to demonstrate against corruption. The police stopped the demonstration. Tadjibayaeva was hurt and went to the hospital. In 2005, Tadjibayeva wrote about the Andijan Massacre. Many people died when police stopped the demonstration. Tadjibayeva was in jail from October 2005 to June 2008.

In 2005, the international organization "Peace Women Across the Globe", part of the Nobel Committee, added Tadjibayeva’s name to the list of "1000 women peace activists". This made her a candidate for the Nobel Peace Prize.

Mutabar Tadjibayeva was on a top 10 list of women who worked for human rights.

In 2008, Tadjibayeva received the Martin Ennals Award. When she received the award, she was still in prison. 

For the 60th anniversary of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, the Fiery Hearts Club received the "Liberty, Equality, Fraternity" Prize from France. Mutabar Tadjibayeva accepted the prize in Paris.

In March 2009, Tadjibayeva received the International Women of Courage Award from the U.S. State Department. Later she returned the award.

In 2011, Mutabar Tadjibayeva was on a list of ten most influential women in Central Asia.


The Fly (1958 movie)

The Fly is an American science fiction horror movie set in Montreal. It is directed by Kurt Neumann and written by James Clavell.

It was followed by two sequels: "Return of the Fly" and "Curse of the Fly". A remake was released in 1986.

Ambiga Sreenevasan

Ambiga Sreenevasan (born 1956) is a lawyer and human rights advocate from Malaysia. In 2009, she received the International Women of Courage Award. 

Sreenevasan went to high school at Convent Bukit Nanasin Kuala Lumpur. in 1979, she got a Bachelor of Laws (LLB) from the University of Exeter in England. She became a lawyer in 1980. She worked in two London law firms, then she became a member of the Malaysian Bar in 1982. In July 2011, she received an Honorary Doctorate in Law (LLD) from the University of Exeter in England.

Sreenevasan was the president of the Malaysian Bar Council from 2007 to 2009. She was also the head of Bersih, an NGO for free and fair elections. 

Because Sreenevasan wanted to help with problems between ethnic groups, she received hate mail and death threats. Hundreds of people from religious groups and conservative members of government protested against Sreenevasan at the Bar Council building and called for her arrest.

In 2008, as President of the Malaysian Bar she helped start LAWASIA, the International Bar Association's Human Rights Institute and Transparency International-Malaysia, to study abuses of power.

Sreenevasan was head of Bersih 2.0, the organisation behind the July 2011 demonstration in Kuala Lumpur. There were 20,000 people at the demonstration. Sreenevasan said the main problems for Malaysia were "unhappiness... in the Sarawak [election], unhappiness about corruption, [and] unhappiness about the lack of independence of our institutions."

Sreenevasan said the problems from the first demonstration in 2007 were not fixed, so there was another demonstration.


Red Fisher

Red Fisher (22 August 1926 – 19 January 2018) was a Canadian retired sports journalist. His columns focused on the National Hockey League and its Montreal Canadiens team. He was born in Montreal, Quebec. he began his hockey coverage in "The Montreal Star" newspaper in 1954 where he remained as writer and sports editor until that paper's demise in 1979. He retired in 2012.

Fisher died in Montreal on 19 January 2018 at the age of 91.


Wazhma Frogh

Wazhma Frogh is a women's rights activist from Afghanistan. In 2009, she received the International Women of Courage Award.

In the eighth grade, Frogh taught her landlord's children, so that the landlord would reduce her rent. She wanted money so she and her sisters could go to school. At age 17, she worked as an intern at a newspaper in Pakistan. Because of her job, she saw the difficult lives of the women in Afghan refugee camps.

From 1992 to 2001, Frogh lived in Peshawar, Pakistan, while she started programs for women in Aghanistian. In 2002 Frogh finished the first study of women’s conditions in Nuristan, Afghanistan. Frogh also helped start women's centers in the Kandahar, Ghazni, Herat, and Parwan provinces of Afghanistan.

Frogh helped start the Afghan organization "Research Institute for Women". She became the director. In 2013, she wanted to visit the United States after she wrote about a militia commander in a report to NATO. The militia commander was a repeat abuser of rights. The militia commander threaten Frogh and her sisters. The Institute of Inclusive Security invited Frogh to come to the U.S. as a visiting fellow, but her visa was refused. Frogh also wrote for "The Guardian" on the subject of Afghanistan.

Wazhma Frogh's blog 

Chris Diamantopoulos

Christopher "Chris" Diamantopoulos (born May 9, 1975; ) is a Greek-Canadian actor and comedian. He is known for playing Moe Howard in the 2012 "The Three Stooges" film, and for voicing Mickey Mouse in the 2013 TV series of the same name.



The Rest of the Robots

The Rest of the Robots (1964) is a collection of eight short stories and two full-length novels by Isaac Asimov. The stories are all part of the "Robot" series, and follow on from ʽI, Robotʼ. The novels were not included in some published versions.

The stories are as followsː

"Robot AL-76 Goes Astray" (1941).

Robot AL-76, known as Al, is manufactured to do mining work on the Moon, but ends up in a rural part of Earth. It can't find the tool it is meant to use, so builds a better one out of ̼junk it finds in a workshop.

"Victory Unintentional" (1942)

Intelligent life has been discovered on the planet Jupiter. Humans cannot land on the planet because of the powerful gravity and lack of air. They send a spaceship containing three very powerful ZZ series robots. They land on Jupiter, but the inhabitants, known as Jovians, try to attack and kill them. But when the Jovians eventually discover that the robots are too powerful to be destroyed, they decide instead to make peace with humans.

"First Law" (1956)

A robot engineer tells a story about Emma Two, a EM series robot, that abandoned him to die in a storm on the asteroid Titan.

"Let's Get Together" (1957)

An American secret service agent claims that the Soviet Union has developed humanoid robots (they cannot be distinguished from humans), and that they are being infiltrated into the USA. The head of robotics realises just in time that the agent is himself a robot and destroys him.

"Satisfaction Guaranteed" (1951)

Robot TN-3, Tony, is introduced into the house of Claire Belmont as an experiment, by her husband, a robot engineer with US Robots. Tony realises that Claire has very low self-esteem and tries to help, even offering to become her lover and making sure that the neighbours know it.

"Risk" (1955)

Humans have set up an experimental base on an asteroid to build the first spaceship to travel through hyperspace (faster than light). The ship is piloted by a robot, but the experiment fails. An engineer goes on board and discovers that the fault lies with the robot, not the ship.

"Lenny" (1958)

An LNE robot, known as Lenny, is built, but with a fault. It's brain is childlike and it can't speak. Susan Calvin experiments with it and eventually teaches it to speak a few words.

"Galley Slave" (1957)

Robot EZ-27, known as Easy, is placed in a university to carry out a variety of jobs, including proof-reading. A professor of sociology, Simon Ninheimer, claims that the robot changed the text of a book by himself that it was checking. He takes US Robots to court. Susan Calvin is able to prove that Ninheimer set up the text changes deliberately, so that he could ruin the reputation of the Company and the robots they make.

The Caves of Steel (1953)

The Naked Sun (1956)

Algis Budrys praised the collection as "a fine book of entertainment," but faulted Asimov's extensive annotations, saying they "[suck] the juice out of some very vivacious writing indeed, and [embalm] one of science fiction's most ebullient personalities."

Selma Reis

Selma Reis (24 August 1960 – 19 December 2015) was a Brazilian actress and singer. She was born in São Gonçalo, Rio de Janeiro. She acted in many telenovelas and miniseries for Rede Globo, including "Caminho das Índias", "Páginas da Vida", "Presença de Anita" and "Chiquinha Gonzaga". After 1987, she released a debut album, the first of eleven releases.

She was married to photographer Locca Faria, with whom she had a son. The couple separated but remained friends for the last three years of her life.

In July 2014, Reis was diagnosed with brain cancer. Reis died at a hospital in Teresópolis, Brazil from the disease, aged 55. She was cremated in a Lutheran service in Nova Friburgo.

Red Star OS

Red Star OS is the operating system used by computers in North Korea. The latest version of the operating system is Red Star 3 and it looks almost exactly like macOS. Before Red Star 3 came out, Red Star looked more like Windows instead of macOS. Red Star OS also has its very own web browser called Naenara which means "my country" in Korean. It has a modified version of Mozilla Firefox and it has the North Korean internet called Kwangmyong.

Maureen McGovern

Maureen McGovern (born July 27, 1949) is an American singer and Broadway actress. She is well known known for her renditions of songs such as "The Morning After" from the 1972 movie "The Poseidon Adventure". 

McGovern was born in Youngstown, Ohio. In August 2022, McGovern was diagnosed with a rare form of dementia.

Because You Loved Me

"Because You Loved Me" is a 1996 pop-R&B ballad by Canadian singer Celine Dion. Its lyrics are about the protagonist thanking a loyal loved one for guiding, encouraging and protecting her and for making her who she is. It was originally written for the movie "Up Close and Personal". Diane Warren, who wrote the song (and others for artists like Cher, Aerosmith, Monica, and Lady Gaga), said the song was a tribute to her father. "Because You Loved Me" won Warren a Grammy Award for Best Song Written for a Motion Picture, Television, or Other Visual Media.

"Because You Loved Me" is the second track on Dion's album "Falling into You". The song was at the top of the U.S. "Billboard" Hot 100 for six weeks. It finished as the third-best performing song of 1996 there. It also reached number one in Canada and Australia and reached number five in the UK. It was certified Platinum in the US for sales and shipments of over one million copies.

Delirium (Ellie Goulding album)

Delirium is the third studio album by English singer-songwriter Ellie Goulding. The album was released on 6 November 2015. It features the lead single "On My Mind", which reached the top five in the United Kingdom and the top twenty in the United States. The hit song "Love Me like You Do", recorded for the movie "Fifty Shades of Grey", is also included on the album. "Delirium" has reached number two on the album charts in Canada and the top three in the US, UK, and Australia.

IPhone 6S

The iPhone 6S and iPhone 6S Plus are two smartphones designed by Apple Inc. They were released on September 25, 2015. They replace the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, respectively. These "S" models have a rose gold finish. They have cameras on the front (5 megapixels) and back (12 megapixels). The screens are for the 6S and for the 6S Plus. The storage capacities are 16, 64, and 128 gigabytes. A new feature, Force Touch, is on these models and is also on the Apple Watch. Live Photos is a new feature that allows users to take moving photos.


Deaths in 2016

The following is a list of notable deaths in 2016. For notable deaths for each month, please see "Months". Names under each date are reported in alphabetical order by last name or pseudonym. Deaths of non-humans are reported here also if notable.



Deaths in January 2016

The following is a list of notable deaths in January 2016. For notable deaths before the current month, please see "Previous months". Names under each date are reported in alphabetical order by last name or pseudonym. Deaths of non-humans are reported here also if notable.



































Patricia Elliott

Patricia Elliott (July 21, 1938 – December 20, 2015) was an American actress. She was born in Gunnison, Colorado. She was known for her roles as Renée Divine Buchanan in the soap opera "One Life to Live" and as Countess Charlotte Malcolm in the Stephen Sondheim musical "A Little Night Music". She won a Tony Award for Best Performance by a Featured Actress in a Musical in 1973.

Elliott died in New York City, from cancer, aged 77.


Carol Burns

Carol Burns (22 February 1947 – 21 December 2015) was an Australian actress. She was born in Brisbane, Queensland. She worked in Australia and in the United Kingdom. She began her career in 1967. Burns was known for her role as Franky Doyle in the soap opera "Prisoner".

Burns died of cancer at her home in Brisbane at the age of 68.


Georgetown, Guyana

Georgetown is the capital city of Guyana. It is located in the Demerara-Mahaica region. It is the country's largest city. The population in 2012 was about 235,017 people.

Joe Kittinger

Joseph William Kittinger II (July 27, 1928 – December 9, 2022) was a Colonel in the United States Air Force and a USAF Command Pilot. He was born in Tampa, Florida. He set a world record for the longest skydive from a height more than . He was also the first man to cross the Atlantic Ocean, alone, in a hot air balloon.

He was a fighter pilot in the Vietnam War and was a prisoner of war in a North Vietnamese prison.

Kittinger died at the age of 94 on December 9, 2022, from lung cancer.

Duolingo

Duolingo is a free language-learning program. Its website and mobile apps are available to anyone with an internet connection plus a computer, tablet or smartphone. Duolingo can be used on iOS, Android, Windows 8 and 10 operating systems. Duolingo allows people to learn over 106 different language courses in 40 languages. There are over 500 million people learning a language on Duolingo.

The project was started by Professor Luis von Ahn and graduate student Severin Hacker. The main development language used was Python.

Wyre Forest

Wyre Forest is a large, semi-natural woodland and forest measuring . It sits across the borders of Worcestershire and Shropshire, England. It is lightly managed.

The forest has a variety of wildlife. It was much larger, but it still is one of the largest remaining ancient woodlands in Britain. The Forestry Commission looks after about half of today's forest. Two-thirds of the forest is a SSSI (1,753.7 hectares), and a further fifth (549 hectares) is a National Nature Reserve. The Dowles Brook flows through the heart of the forest, and the A456 road also runs through the southern edge of the woodland.

It is one of the largest areas of semi-natural (partially unmanaged) woodland in the UK. Wildlife species to be found in the forest include hawfinch, fallow deer, dipper, common crossbill, pied flycatcher, redstart, and long-eared owl among many other woodland birds and plants. The small but colourful moth "Oecophora bractella" has one of its few English populations here, and does not seem to occur much farther northwards.

The forest is an important habitat for adders, which have been the subject of a notable study.

Jan Góra

Jan Wojciech Góra OP (8 February 1948 – 21 December 2015) was a Polish Dominican Roman Catholic Priest, Doctor of Theology, academic and chaplain. Since 1997, he had been the organiser of the Polish Youth Meeting Lednica 2000 at the Lednica Fields. He was the animator for the academic chaplaincy centre "Respublica Dominicana" in Jamna. He was the author of numerous books and articles. He was born in Prudnik.

Góra died at the age of 67 in Poznań, Poland from a heart attack.

Rolf Bossi

Rolf Bossi (10 September 1923 – 22 December 2015) was a German criminal defense lawyer. He was born in Munich. He was known for defending known actors such as Ingrid van Bergen and Romy Schneider, as well as notable criminals such as Jürgen Bartsch, Dieter Zlof, and Dieter Degowski. He also defended four former East German border guards who were accused of having killed Chris Gueffroy, who was trying to escape over the Berlin wall. He was considered to be one of Germany's best-known defense lawyers.

Bossi died in Munich, Germany from natural causes at the age of 92.

Hocine Aït Ahmed

Hocine Aït Ahmed (; (August 20, 1926 – December 23, 2015) was an Algerian politician. He was founder and leader of the historical political opposition, Socialist Forces Front, in Algeria until 2009. He was born in Ain El Hammam, Algeria. Arrested and sentenced to death in 1964, he escaped from the El Harrach prison on May 1, 1966. Exiled in Switzerland, he became a doctor of law.

Aït Ahmed died at age 89 in Lausanne, Switzerland on December 23, 2015.

Laurence R. Harvey

Laurence Robert Harvey (born 17 July 1970) is an English actor. He is best known for playing Martin Lomax in the horror movie "The Human Centipede 2 (Full Sequence)" and as Dwight in "The Human Centipede 3 (Final Sequence)".

Dieter Laser

Dieter Laser (17 February 1942 – 29 February 2020) was a German actor. He is known to English speaking audiences for his roles as Mantrid in "Lexx", Prof. Otto Blaettchen in "The Ogre", Dr. Josef Heiter in "The Human Centipede (First Sequence)" and Bill Boss in "The Human Centipede 3 (Final Sequence)". 

Dieter Laser died twelve days after his 78th birthday on 29 February 2020. His death was not announced until a message to his official Facebook page was posted on 9 April 2020.


Tom Six

Tom Six (born 29 August 1973) is a Dutch filmmaker. He is best known for his body horror movies, "The Human Centipede (First Sequence)", "The Human Centipede 2 (Full Sequence)" and "The Human Centipede 3 (Final Sequence)".


The Human Centipede 2 (Full Sequence)

The Human Centipede 2 (Full Sequence) is a 2011 British-Dutch black and white exploitation movie written, directed, and co-produced by Dutch filmmaker Tom Six. It is a sequel to Six's 2009 movie "The Human Centipede (First Sequence)". The movie stars Laurence R. Harvey and Ashlynn Yennie. It was followed by "The Human Centipede 3 (Final Sequence)".

The movie is about a mentally challenged English man, Martin, who watches and becomes obsessed with the first "Human Centipede" movie, and decides to make his own "centipede" made up of twelve people.

It was originally banned in the United Kingdom by the BBFC because of its "revolting" content but was eventually granted an 18 certificate after over 30 cuts were made. The film was also banned in Australia for a short period of time. It is banned in New Zealand. The film received negative reviews for its plot, excessive gore and violence.


The Human Centipede 3 (Final Sequence)

The Human Centipede 3 (Final Sequence) is a 2015 English-language Dutch body horror movie written and directed by Tom Six. It is the third and final installment in Six's "Human Centipede" trilogy. It was confirmed to be in production in May 2013.

Starring Dieter Laser and Laurence R. Harvey, the leading actors from the first two movies, in new roles. It also stars Eric Roberts as The Governor. "The Human Centipede 3" was released both theatrically and on video on demand on 22 May 2015.

Don Howe

Donald "Don" Howe (12 October 1935 – 23 December 2015) was an English football player, coach, manager and pundit. He was born in the Springfield area of Wolverhampton.

Howe spent most of his playing career at West Bromwich Albion.
Howe joined the West Bromwich Albion ground staff after leaving school, joining the club as a youth player in December 1950. He turned professional in November 1952, but did not make his debut until 1955, against Everton. 

A full back, he played nearly 350 games for the Baggies in twelve years, as well as becoming a regular in the England team; he played in the 1958 FIFA World Cup, and won 23 caps in total.

Howe was signed by Billy Wright's Arsenal in 1964, and was made club captain. However, in March 1966 he broke his leg playing against Blackpool and never recovered well enough to play in the first team again.

Howe retired from coaching in the summer of 2003 after more than 30 years. He occasionally wrote as a pundit for the BBC Sport website. He also had a regular column in the official Arsenal magazine. Right up until his death he ran youth coaching schemes across the United Kingdom.

Howe died, aged 80, in December 2015.

West Bromwich Albion


Arsenal

Wimbledon

Arsenal



Pazyryk rug

The Pazyryk rug is one of the oldest carpets in the world, dating around the 4th–3rd centuries BC. It is now in the Hermitage Museum in St. Petersburg, Russia. The Pazyryk rug was found in 1949 in the grave of a Scythian nobleman in the Bolshoy Ulagan dry valley of the Altai Mountains in Kazakhstan. The Pazyryk rug had been frozen in the ice and it was very well preserved. The rug has a ribbon pattern in the middle, and a border which has deer, and warriors riding on horses. All parts of the rug are made of wool, including the pile and the base.

Being produced either in Ancient Armenia, Persia, or Central Asia, this carpet has 3600 symmetrical double knots per dm² (232 per inch²), in modern terminology also called "Ghiordes knot (or "Turkish knot"). The design and the systematic motifs of the Pazyryk rug would later be found in similar Turkmen carpets, carpets of the early Seljuq period, and subsequently modern Turkish carpets and kilims.

The origin of the rug is unknown. There are different theories regarding the origin of the carpet. While a number of scholars presume a Oghuz-Turkic origin, Volkmar Gantzhorn assumes a Urartian and Armenian origin of the rug. A Persian theory also exists, but has not been further elaborated; The rug may have originated between the Iranian-Altaian corridor through ancient contacts. Some authors assume that the wool, the artistic conception, as well as the workmanship, may have been provided by Armenians of the Near East; The rug itself is considered as a Sakic funeral accessory. Although a previous study in 1983/1985 did not support an involvement of Armenian cochineal, a Soviet-based conference held in Riga (1987) still maintained the claim that the red threads of the rug resemble those of the Armenian cochineal type. Later it was found by an American research center (Bard Graduate Center, 1991) that the bluish-red color used for the rug and other felts was actually made from Polish cochineal ("Porphyrophora polonica"), a scale insect native to Eastern Europe, Central Asia and Western Siberia, or from one of the Porphyrophora species recently discovered in Kazakhstan: "P. Altaiensis", "P. Turaigiriensis" (Jashenko, 1988), "P. Akirtobiensis" (Jashenko, 1988), "P. eremospartonae" (Jashenko, 1989), and "P. matesovae" (Jashenko, 1989). Armenian authors, however, still insist in the Soviet-based perception of 1987. Further confirmation on the nature of "Ararat Kermes" of the Armenian cochineal gained by the analysis of "Porphyrophora hameli" insects in 1990 by Harald Böhmer, has shown that the Pazyryk rug cannot have been dyed with this insect.

The numerical values of the carpet show striking genealogical parallels to the Oghuz-Turkic legend, perhaps based on an older version of the Massageteans. This genealogy is shown in the way the pattern is divided into 24 tribes. On the left and right their are groups of 12 tribes in each. According to Rashid-al-Din Hamadani, the founder of the Oghuz tribes had six sons, with each having four sons. As mentioned in the “Shiji” (“Historical Records”) of Sima Qian this scheme was a result of the military administrative reform of the Xiongnu leader Modu Chanyu in 209/206-174 BC which in turn originated from the Turkic primordial ancestor Oghuz Khagan. Many Turkic cultures today use his legend to describe their ethnic origins. Historian Sergei Tolstov writes that this scheme “...was preserved by the Aral foreland Huns, the Kidarites-Hephthalites, and was inherited by their descendants, the tribes of the Oghuz alliance in the 10th – 11th centuries AD and, finally, by the Turkmens of the 19th century AD – beginning of the 20th century AD.”

Gantzhorn supports the view that the Pazyryk rug is of Armenian origin. He put forward the hypothesis that the rug is actually not depicting Scythians, but Armenians. He found similarities at the ruins of Persepolis in Iran where various nations are depicted as bearing tribute, the horse design from the Pazyryk carpet is the same as the relief depicting part of the Armenian delegation. Gantzhorn and Schurmann further stated, that the rug is weaved with the armenian double knot technique, and the red filaments color was made from Armenian cochineal.


George Clayton Johnson

George Clayton Johnson (July 10, 1929 – December 25, 2015) was an American science fiction writer. He was most famous for co-writing the novel "Logan's Run" with William F. Nolan, the basis for the 1976 movie. 

He was also known for his television screenplays for "The Twilight Zone" (such as "Nothing in the Dark", "Kick the Can", "A Game of Pool", and "A Penny for Your Thoughts"), and the first episode of "", "The Man Trap". He also wrote the story on which the 1960 and 2001 movie "Ocean's Eleven" were based.

Johnson died of bladder and prostate cancer on December 25, 2015 at a hospital in North Hills, Los Angeles, California at the age of 86. His death was falsely reported on December 22.


Jason Myers

Jason Myers (born May 12, 1991) is an American football placekicker for the Seattle Seahawks of the National Football League (NFL). He was born in Chula Vista, California. He played college football at Marist College in Poughkeepsie, NY. In 2014 Myers played for the Arizona Rattlers and the San Jose SaberCats of the Arena Football League. On March 3, 2015, Myers signed with the Jacksonville Jaguars. On August 31, 2015, the Jaguars announced that Myers had earned the placekicker role on the team. Veteran Josh Scobee was traded to the Pittsburgh Steelers.

Trams in Malmö

The Malmö tramway is a former tramway network in the city Malmö of Sweden. It remains a network about 2 km as a historic line.

The Malmö tramay existed between 1887 and 1973. It started service as a horse car. The horse cars had been replaced by electric trams since 1906. The last electric tram has been replaced by bus in 1973.


Originally the service had been provided by two-axle motor cars. From 1949, they had been replace by newer ones.

At a length of 2 km, there still remains a line for historical purpose, it starts at Malmöhus and ends at the museum.



Freda Meissner-Blau

Freda Meissner-Blau (March 11, 1927 – December 22, 2015) was an Austrian politician and activist. She was an important figure in the Austrian environmental movement. She was a founder and the federal spokesperson of the Austrian Green Party. She was born in Dresden, Germany.

Meissner-Blau died in Vienna, Austria from complications following a stroke at the age of 88.


Jean-Marie Pelt

Jean-Marie Pelt (24 October 1933 – 23 December 2015) was a French biologist, botanist and pharmacist with degrees in both Biology and Pharmacy. He was professor at the University of Lorraine. As municipal councilor of Metz between 1971 and 1983, Jean-Marie Pelt pioneered a policy of urban ecology. Pelt was born in Moselle, France.

Pelt died in Metz, France from a heart attack, aged 82.

Lennart Johansson

Nils Lennart Johansson (5 November 1929 – 4 June 2019) was a Swedish sports official. He was the fifth and, to date, the longest serving president of UEFA, the Union of European Football Associations, from his election at UEFA's Malta Congress in 1990 until his retirement in 2007. He was made honorary president shortly afterwards.

He started as a leader in the sport of bandy in Sweden for his hometown team AIK. Johansson then came through the ranks in the Swedish Football Association, and served as the association's president between 1984 and 1991.

Johansson died on 4 June 2019 in Stockholm, aged 89.


Peter Lundblad

Gustaf Peter Lundblad (26 August 1950 – 22 December 2015) was a Swedish singer and songwriter. He was known for his 1986 song "Ta mig till havet". Lundblad started his career in the band 'The most Remarkable Nailband'.

Lundblad died of prostate cancer on 22 December 2015 in Stockholm at the age of 65.


Ray Mathews

Raymond Dyral Mathews (February 26, 1929 – December 20, 2015) was an American football running back and wide receiver in the National Football League for the Pittsburgh Steelers (1951-59) and the Dallas Cowboys (1960). He played college football for Clemson University. He was born in Dayton, Pennsylvania.

Mathews died at his house in Marion, Pennsylvania from complications of Alzheimer's disease at the age of 86.


Bronchodilator

A bronchodilator is a substance that (opens up) the bronchi and bronchioles which increases airflow to the lungs. Bronchodilators may be endogenous (originating naturally within the body), or they may be medications taken to treat breathing difficulties. They are most useful in obstructive lung diseases. Asthma and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease are the most common such conditions. They are also used to treat respritory blockages that usaully occur when you have the common cold. They are well prescribed by doctors and are really common in house holds. Although this remains somewhat controversial, they might be useful in bronchiolitis and Bronchiectasis.They are often prescribed but of unproven significance in restrictive lung diseases.

Bronchodilators are either short-acting or long-acting. Short-acting medications provide quick or "rescue" relief from acute bronchoconstriction. Long-acting bronchodilators help to control and prevent symptoms. They are used along with inhaled steroids for control of asthma symptoms on a long-term basis. The three types of prescription bronchodilating drugs are β2-agonists (short- and long-acting), anticholinergics (short-acting), and theophylline (long-acting).

The bronchodilators are divided in short- and long-acting groups:



Osmany Juantorena

Osmany Juantorena Portuondo (born 12 August 1985) is a Cuban volleyball player with Italian citizenship, a member of Cuba national volleyball team in 2003–2006 and current member of Italy national volleyball team and Italian club Cucine Lube, bronze medalist of the World League 2005. He is a multiple winner of the CEV Champions League and Club World Championship with the Italian club Trentino.


Henri Ducard

Henri Ducard is a fictional character in the "Batman" comic book universe. He was created by Sam Hamm. Ducard's first appearance was in "Detective Comics" #599 (April 1989), part of the "Blind Justice" story arc that Hamm, the screenwriter of the 1989 "Batman" movie, was asked to guest-write for "Detective Comics" by "Batman" editor Denny O'Neil. 

The character was the undercover name of Ra's al Ghul which appeared in the movie "Batman Begins" played by Liam Neeson.

Ron Jacobs

Ron Jacobs (December 27, 1942 – December 24, 2015) was an American basketball coach. He was born in Marion, North Carolina. He coached for college basketball teams such as Loyola Marymount University and for Northern Cement. He also coached the Philippine national team.

Jacobs moved to Pasig City, Philippines during the 1980s. He suffered a major stroke in 2001 which left him in a wheelchair. Jacobs died in Makati, Philippines from complications following the stroke at the age of 72.

Carpetbagger

Carpetbagger is a term from the United States political history. A carpetbagger was a northerner who moved to the South after the American Civil War. This period is called the "reconstruction era". 

White southerners feared they would loot the defeated South. Sixty carpetbaggers were elected to Congress. Among them were most Republican governors in the South during reconstruction. A historian said:
"Carpetbagger" referred to the cheap carpet bags (a form of luggage) which many of the newcomers carried. The term came to be associated with opportunism and exploitation by outsiders. It is used today for a "parachute candidate": a political candidate for public office in an area far from home.

The Sims (video game series)

The Sims is a series of sandbox games in which you have a life and job. The game developed by Maxis and published by Electronic Arts. The games also have expansion packs which you can download. If you download them you get extra content.

There is also a series of SimCity games listed here


Battle of Cannae

The Battle of Cannae ( or ) was a major battle of the Second Punic War. It took place on 2 August 216 BC in Cannae, Apulia, in southeastern Italy. The army of Carthage, under Hannibal Barca, defeated a larger Roman army. The Romans were led by the consuls Lucius Aemilius Paullus and Gaius Terentius Varro. Hannibal's victory was one the greatest tactical feats in military history and also one of the worst defeats in Roman history although they were outnumbered by the Carthaginians.

After recovering from their losses at Trebia (218 BC) and Lake Trasimene (217 BC), the Romans decided to fight Hannibal at Cannae. The Roman army had about 70,000 soldiers. The Romans massed their heavy infantry in a deeper formation than as usual. Hannibal attacked by using a double-envelopment tactic. That was so successful that the Roman army was destroyed as a fighting force by a Carthaginian army half its size.

About 45,500 Roman and allied soldiers were killed. Also killed were 2,700 Roman cavalry. About 17,000 were taken prisoner. Hannibal lost a total of about 4,000 men.

After the Roman defeat, many of Rome's allies changed sides and allied themselves with Carthage.

Roberto Rossellini

Roberto Gastone Zeffiro Rossellini, (8 May 1906 – 3 June 1977), was an Italian movie director, producer and screenwriter. He was born in Rome. He was best known for his movies "Rome, Open City" (1945), "Paisà" (1946) and "Germany, Year Zero" (1948).

Rossellini died from a heart attack in Rome, Italy, aged 71.

Placekicker

The placekicker, also called a kicker, is the player in American and Canadian football who is responsible for the kicking duties of field goals and extra points. In many cases, the placekicker also serves as the team's kickoff specialist or, more rarely, punter, as well. A kicker is often called the most valuable player on the team. This is because in many cases, he scores the most points in a game. Each time his team gets to the 35 yard line or closer, they have a chance to score 3 points. Each time their team makes a touchdown, the kicker comes in to make the extra (1) point. A kicker is a member of the special teams.

To be a kicker in the NFL requires strong legs. The kicker also needs excellent concentration and coordination. A kicker is the only member of a team who can move the ball with their feet. But the kicker is often the smallest member of the team. Probably the most important requirement is "nerves of steel". You have to kick the ball perfectly while being rushed by the other team. 

The kicker is the only player on a team who has the opportunity to score points each time he goes out on the field. Kickers today often use a soccer-style kick instead of a straight ahead kick. If he makes a great kick he is a hero. If he misses he is a chump|. An entire game can be won or lost by the kicker. A kicker cannot afford to miss too many field goals or they can find themselves traded off the team.


Ali Eid

Ali Eid (14 July 1940 – 25 December 2015) was a Lebanese politician. He was the leader of the Alawite Community. He founded the Arab Democratic Party in 1972 and until his death served as General Secretary of the Arab Democratic Party. He was born in Tripoli.

On 25 December 2015, it was announced that Eid died in Damascus, Syria at the age of 75.

Coptic calendar

Coptic calendar (also known as Alexandrian calendar) is a calendar used by the Coptic Church in Egypt. It is based on the Egyptian calendar which was first introduced in 238 BC.


Jacques Santer

Jacques Santer (born 18 May 1937 in Wasserbillig) is a Luxembourgian politician.

He was finance minister of Luxembourg from 1979 until 1989. He was the 22nd Prime Minister of Luxembourg serving from 1984 to 1995. He was a member of the Christian Social People's Party, which has been the leading party in the Luxembourg government since 1979. 

As Prime Minister of Luxembourg he also led the negotiations on the Single European Act, which effectively set aside the 20-year-old Luxembourg Compromise. He was the President of the European Commission from 1995 to 1999.

Egyptian calendar

The ancient civil Egyptian calendar was a calendar used by the ancient Egyptians. At first it had a year that was 365 days long. The year was made up of 12 months each having 30 days. At some point during the First Dynasty five additional days were added (sometime around 3000 BC). Egyptian astronomers observed that the annual flood of the Nile River fell very close to the first visibility of the star Sirius in the morning sky just before sunrise. This calendar would drift by 1 day every four years. But this drift was not enough to cause any problems. Even if a person lived to be 60 years old the drift between solar and civil calendars would only be 15 days. In 238 BC the Decree of Canopus added a sixth day every four years to correct this. But it was largely ignored. In 30 BCE the Roman Emperor Augustus reformed the Egyptian calendar by adding a leap day to every fourth year. This brought the Egyptian calendar in line with the Julian calendar used at the time in Rome.

Ukrainian National Union

The Ukrainian National Union () is nationalist paramilitary political party in Ukraine. Started as a political organization in 2009 and became a political party in 2013.
The organisation was founded in 2009 by Oleg Goltvyansky and a group of sympathisers. Since July 15, 2012 the head of organisation became Vitaly Krivosheev. In April 27, 2013, the Ukrainian National Union leaders proclaimed their intention to create a political party. Рarty is one of the organisers of the "Euromaidan". Activists of the Ukrainian National Union takes part in the war in Eastern Ukraine



West Berlin discotheque bombing

On 5 April 1986 three people were killed and around 230 injured when "La Belle" discothèque was bombed in West Berlin, West Germany. The entertainment venue was commonly used by United States soldiers, and two of the dead and 79 of the injured were American servicemen.

A bomb placed under a table near the disk jockey's booth exploded at 1:45 am CET instantly killing a Turkish woman, and a United States Army sergeant. A second US Army sergeant died from his injuries two months later. Some of the victims were left permanently disabled due to the injuries.

Libya was accused by the US government of sponsoring the bombing, and US President Ronald Reagan ordered strikes on Tripoli and Benghazi in Libya ten days later. The strikes reportedly killed 15-30 people, including Colonel Gaddafi's adopted daughter. Reagan's actions were condemned by the United Nations General Assembly.

A 2001 trial in the US found that the bombing had been "planned by the Libyan secret service and the Libyan Embassy."

Malta Summit

The Malta Summit was a meeting between U.S. President George H. W. Bush and U.S.S.R. leader Mikhail Gorbachev. It took place between December 2-3, 1989, just a few weeks after the fall of the Berlin Wall. It was their second meeting following a meeting that included then President Ronald Reagan, in New York in December 1988. 

During the summit, Bush and Gorbachev would declare an end to the Cold War, although whether it was truly such is a matter of debate.


Germany national volleyball team

The Germany men's national volleyball team is the national team of Germany. It is governed by the DVV (Deutscher Volleyball-Verband). It takes part in international volleyball competitions. Germany won the gold medal in World Championship 1970 under East Germany. It won the bronze medal in the 2014 World Championships.

After German reunification, West Germany (1949–1990) was renamed Germany and they absorbed East Germany (1949–1990) with the records.


Italy national volleyball team

The Italy men's national volleyball team is the volleyball national team of Italy. It dominated international volleyball competitions in the 1990s and early 2000s, by winning four World Championships (1990, 1994, 1998 and 2022), seven European Championships, one World Cup (1995) and eight World League (1990, 1991, 1992, 1994, 1995, 1997, 1999 and 2000).


Brazil national volleyball team

The Brazil men's national volleyball team is the national team of Brazil. It is governed by the Confederação Brasileira de Voleibol "(Brazilian Volleyball Confederation)" and takes part in international volleyball competitions. Brazil has two gold medal at the Olympic Games, won three times the World Champioship and nine times the World League. Brazil is the #1 team on the FIVB World Rankings. The team is often referred to as volleyball's "Dream Team" due to its success under coach Bernardo Rezende.


Professional Air Traffic Controllers Organization (1968)

The Professional Air Traffic Controllers Organization or PATCO was a United States trade union. It ran from 1968 until its decertification in 1981 following an illegal strike that was broken by the Ronald Reagan Administration. The 1981 strike and defeat of PATCO was called "one of the most important events in late twentieth century U.S. labor history" by labor historian Joseph A. McCartin.

Eugenia Charles

Dame Mary Eugenia Charles, DBE (15 May 1919 – 6 September 2005) was a Dominican politician and lawyer. She was the Prime Minister of Dominica serving from 21 July 1980 until 14 June 1995. She was Dominica's first, and to date only, female prime minister, as well as the nation's longest-serving prime minister. 

Charles died in Fort-de-France, Martinique from a pulmonary embolism caused by hip surgery that she had a few days before. She was 86 years old.


Cranial nerve

A cranial nerve is any nerve which is attached directly to the brain or brainstem. This is different from spinal nerves which are attached to segments of the spinal cord. Cranial nerves relay information more directly between the brain and body (mostly parts of the head and neck).

Each cranial nerve exists as a pair and is present on both sides of the central nervous system. All cranial nerves appear above the first vertebra in the neck (cervical vertebra).

In humans there are twelve cranial nerves pairs. They are numbered using Roman numerals I–XII based on their order from the front of the brain to the back, where the brainstem is.

Cranial nerves provide motor and sensory stimulation mainly to places within the head and neck. This sensory stimulation includes sensations such as temperature, touch, taste, vision, smell, balance and hearing.

The olfactory nerve (CN 1) sends information about smells from the nose up to the brain. In the brain, this information is processed and becomes olfaction, or our sense of smell. The olfactory nerve is an is an afferent sensory nerve, meaning it takes in information from the outside world and sends it to the central nervous system. 
The olfactory nerve is the shortest cranial nerve. It is one of two cranial nerves that does not connect to the brain stem, the other being the optic nerve (CN 2). 

The olfactory nerve is not just one nerve, but a group of neurons working together to perform the same task. The olfactory neurons start branched out in the nasal cavity. From here, they reach up through the roof of the nasal cavity and connect to the olfactory bulb.

The olfactory nerve is unique because it is the only cranial nerve that can regenerate parts of itself if it is damaged. 

Smell molecules called aromatics come up the nose and into the nasal cavity. Here, they are detected by olfactory neurons. These neurons are branched out along the lining of the nasal cavity. Olfactory neurons take in the signal from the smell molecules and make electric signals called action potentials. The action potentials move up the olfactory neurons through the roof of the nasal cavity, also known as the cribiform plate. After passing through the cribiform plate, the olfactory neurons send the action potentials to the olfactory bulb. From here, signals are sent through the olfactory tract and out to different parts of the brain. For example, some signals are sent to the frontal lobe, where smells are identified and labeled.

Damage to this path can cause anosmia, or loss of the ability to smell.

The optic nerve (CN II) transmits visual information from the retina to the brain.

The oculomotor nerve (CN III) controls most of the muscles related to the movement of the eye, including the eyelids and control of the pupil. The trochlear nerve (CN IV) and abducens nerve (CN VI) are each responsible for their own single eye muscles.

The trigeminal nerve (CN V) is called "trigeminal" because it is made of 3 parts. Together, all these parts are responsible for sensation in the face and larger facial movements such as biting and chewing.

The facial nerve (CN VII) controls the muscles of facial expression, and helps carry taste sensations from the back of the tongue and mouth.

The vestibulocochlear nerve (CN VIII) transmits sound and equilibrium (balance) information from the inner ear to the brain.

The glossopharyngeal nerve (CN IX) is a mixed nerve that carries a wide range of sensory and motor information.

The vagus nerve (CN X) allows for parasympathetic control of the heart and digestive tract. It is the longest nerve of the autonomic nervous system in the human body.

The accessory nerve (CN XI) is a cranial nerve that controls the sternocleidomastoid and trapezius muscles.

The hypoglossal nerve (CN XII) is involved in controlling tongue movements required for speech and swallowing.

After leaving the brain, the cranial nerves travel inside the skull. Some must leave this bony compartment to reach their destinations. Often the nerves pass through holes in the skull, called foramina. Other nerves pass through bony canals, longer pathways enclosed by bone. These foramina and canals may have more than one cranial nerve, and may also contain blood vessels.


Volleyball at the Summer Olympics

Volleyball has been played at the Summer Olympics ever since the 1964 Summer Olympics. The history of Olympic volleyball can be traced back to the 1924 Summer Olympics in Paris, where volleyball was played as part of an American sports demonstration event. It was only added as an Olympic sport, however, after World War II. This was when the FIVB was founded and of some of the continental confederations. In 1957, a special tournament was held at the 53rd IOC session in Sofia, Bulgaria, to support such request. The competition was a success, and the sport was officially introduced in 1964. The Olympic Committee initially dropped volleyball for the 1968 Olympics, meeting protests.


John Boyega

John Adedayo B. Adegboyega (born 17 March 1992), better known as John Boyega, is a British actor. He is best known for playing Finn in "" (2015), "" (2017) and "" (2019). He has also appeared in "Attack the Block" (2011), "Detroit" (2017) and "" (2018). He won the 2016 BAFTA Rising Star Award.

Boyega was born in Peckham, London. His parents are Nigerian.

Daisy Ridley

Daisy Jazz Isobel Ridley (born 10 April 1992) is a British actress. She is best known for playing Rey in "" (2015), "" (2017) and "" (2019). She also appeared in "Casulty" and "Silent Witness".

Ridley was born in Westminster, London. Her great-uncle was "Dad's Army" actor Arnold Ridley.

Adriana Olguín

Adriana Olguín de Baltra (born Luz Adriana Margarita Olguín Buche) (18 November 1911 – 24 December 2015) was a Chilean lawyer and politician. She was born in Valparaíso, Chile. Olguín served as Chile's Minister of Justice serving from 29 July 1952 through 3 November 1952 under the Gabriel González Videla administration. She was the first woman to hold a position in any presidential cabinet in Latin American history.

Olguín died in her home in Viña del Mar, Chile from natural causes at the age of 104.

Daddy's Home (movie)

Daddy's Home is a 2015 American comedy movie directed and written by Sean Anders. It was produced by Will Ferrell and Adam McKay. It stars Ferrell, Mark Wahlberg, Linda Cardellini, Thomas Haden Church with John Cena. It was filmed in New Orleans, Louisiana, but the movie takes place in California. It was released to mixed reviews on December 25, 2015. It was rated M in Australia and New Zealand for violence, sexual references and offensive language.

Dalton Trumbo

James Dalton Trumbo (December 9, 1905 – September 10, 1976) was an American screenwriter and novelist.

Trumbo was one of the Hollywood Ten, he refused to testify before the House Un-American Activities Committee (HUAC) in 1947 during the committee's investigation of Communist influences in the motion picture industry. 

Trumbo won two Academy Awards while blacklisted; one (for "Roman Holiday") was originally given to a front writer, and one (for "The Brave One") was awarded to "Robert Rich", Trumbo's pseudonym.

On December 19, 2011, the Writers Guild of America announced that Trumbo was being given full credit for his work on the screenplay of the 1953 romantic comedy "Roman Holiday", almost sixty years after the fact.

Actor Bryan Cranston plays Trumbo in the 2015 biopic "Trumbo" directed by Jay Roach.

Trumbo died of a heart attack in Los Angeles, California on September 10, 1976 at the age of 70.


Run-Around

"Run-Around" is a song by American jam band, Blues Traveler. It was released on the 1994 album "Four". It won the band's first Grammy Award in 1995, for "Best Rock Vocal Performance by a Duo or Group.

The song was the band's first successful single, peaking at #8 on the "Billboard" Hot 100.

Trumbo (movie)

Trumbo is a 2015 American biographical-drama movie directed by Jay Roach. It was written by Michael London. The movie is about when screenwriter Dalton Trumbo is blacklisted as a communist for his support of the Communist Party of the USA during the 1950s. 

It stars Bryan Cranston as Trumbo with Diane Lane, Helen Mirren, Louis C.K., Elle Fanning, Michael Stuhlbarg, and John Goodman. It was released to positive reviews on November 6, 2015. 


Jim O'Toole

James Jerome "Jim" O'Toole (January 10, 1937 – December 26, 2015) was an American professional baseball pitcher. He played in Major League Baseball (MLB) for the Cincinnati Reds (1958–1966) and Chicago White Sox (1967). He was left-handed.

O'Toole was born in Chicago, Illinois. He married Betty Wall on July 2, 1960. They had 11 children.

O'Toole died from cancer on December 26, 2015 in Cincinnati, Ohio. He was 78.

Dichen Lachman

Dichen Lachman (born 22 February 1982) is a Nepalese-born Australian actress and movie producer. She is best known for her roles in the television series "Neighbours", "Dollhouse", "", "Hawaii Five-0", "Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D." and "".

Lachman was born in Kathmandu. Her mother is Tibetan and her father is an Australian of German ancestry. She grew up in Adelaide, South Australia. She moved to the United States in 2007 and lives in Los Angeles, California. She is married to Max Osinski and has one child.

Dami Im

Dami Im ( , , ; born October 17, 1988) is a South Korean singer who lives in Australia. She is known for her song "Sound of Silence", which came second place in the Eurovision Song Contest 2016.

She is best known for winning the fifth season of "The X Factor" in 2013. Her first album was an ARIA number one. She has three studio albums, two extended plays, nine singles, two album appearances, and four music videos. 

She represented Australia at the Eurovision Song Contest in 2016 with the song "Sound of Silence". She won the jury vote but did not receive enough points from the public vote to win and finished in second place. 

Im was born in Incheon. Her family moved to Australia when she was 9. She grew up in Brisbane, Queensland. She is married and lives in Daisy Hill, a suburb of Logan City, Queensland. She is a Christian.


Haskell Wexler

Haskell Wexler, A.S.C. (February 6, 1922 – December 27, 2015) was an American cinematographer, movie producer, screenwriter and director. He was born in Chicago, Illinois. He won an Academy Award for Best Cinematography in 1966.

Wexler was known for his works "One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest" (finished by Bill Butler), "Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf?", "Medium Cool", "In the Heat of the Night", "Days of Heaven" and "Matewan". He was said to be one of film history's ten most influential cinematographers in a survey of the members of the International Cinematographers Guild.

Wexler died in his sleep at the age of 93 on December 27, 2015 at his home in Santa Monica, California.


Dave Henderson

David Lee Henderson (July 21, 1958 – December 27, 2015), nicknamed Hendu, was an American professional baseball player. He played in Major League Baseball (MLB) for the Seattle Mariners, Boston Red Sox, San Francisco Giants, Oakland Athletics, and Kansas City Royals during his 14-year career. He was born in Merced, California.

Henderson died of a massive heart attack in Seattle, Washington, one month after receiving a kidney transplant, at the age of 57.


Jose Offerman

Jose Offerman was a Major League Baseball player who played for the Boston Red Sox among other teams.


Jim Klobuchar

James John "Jim" Klobuchar (April 9, 1928 – May 12, 2021) was an American journalist, author, and tour guide. He wrote for the "Star Tribune" in Minneapolis for thirty years. He wrote an occasional column for the "Christian Science Monitor". He was the father of U.S. Senator Amy Klobuchar. He was born in Ely, Minnesota.

Klobuchar died in Burnsville, Minnesota on May 12, 2021 from problems caused by Alzheimer's disease, aged 93.

Mark Warner

Mark Robert Warner (born December 15, 1954) is an American politician and the senior United States Senator from Virginia, in office since 2009. He is a member of the Democratic Party. Warner was the 69th Governor of Virginia, holding the office from 2002 to 2006.


Ellsworth Kelly

Ellsworth Kelly (May 31, 1923 – December 27, 2015) was an American painter, sculptor, and printmaker. He worked with hard-edge painting, Color Field painting and the minimalist school. His works showed unique techniques showing simplicity of form, similar to the work of John McLaughlin and Kenneth Noland. 

Kelly died in Spencertown, New York on December 27, 2015 of respiratory failure at the age of 92.

The Babadook

The Babadook is a 2014 Australian-Canadian psychological horror drama movie, written and directed by Jennifer Kent as her directorial debut. It is about a woman and her son being tortured by an evil spirit based on a child's book. The movie stars Essie Davis and Noah Wiseman, while Daniel Henshall, Hayley McElhinney, Barbara West, and Ben Winspear appear in supporting roles.

"The Babadook" was produced by Causeway Films (Kristina Ceyton) and is based on the short movie "Monster" (2005), also written and directed by Kent. The movie was shown at the 2014 Sundance Film Festival and received positive reviews. On Rotten Tomatoes' aggregation, it was ranked as the third most-liked movie of the year.


Alfredo Pacheco

Alfredo Alberto Pacheco (1 December 1982 – 27 December 2015) was a Salvadoran footballer. He played for FAS and the New York Red Bulls. He also had the record for most appearances for his national team, playing 86 times.

Pacheco was born in Santa Ana. He was married with five children and lived in the United States.

Pacheco was shot and killed on 27 December 2015 in Santa Ana, aged 33.

Fetal alcohol syndrome

Fetal alcohol syndrome (FAS) is a group of mental and physical problems that can happen when a mother drinks alcohol while she is pregnant. A "syndrome" is a group of symptoms. "Fetal" means anything that has to do with a fetus. Fetal alcohol syndrome includes ways a fetus is hurt by alcohol while it is still in its mother's womb.

Fetal alcohol syndrome is caused by a mother drinking alcohol while she is pregnant. When a mother drinks while she is pregnant, the alcohol goes through the umbilical cord to the fetus. This is why doctors say "when a [pregnant] woman drinks alcohol, so does her baby."

Alcohol is poisonous to a fetus and can cause brain damage. This can cause many other problems once the baby is born.

Alcohol can cause problems with the way the fetus develops at any time during a pregnancy. This includes the earliest part of pregnancy, when the mother might not even know she is pregnant.

A fetus is most likely to develop fetal alcohol syndrome if its mother:

It does not matter whether the mother drinks beer, wine, hard liquor, or any other kind of alcohol. One kind is not safer than any other. They are all equally likely to cause FAS.

To be diagnosed with fetal alcohol syndrome, a child must have problems in three different areas.

Having "abnormal facial features" means that parts of the child's face look different than a child without FAS. To be diagnosed with FAS, a child must have:

Children with FAS do not grow as well as children without FAS. These growth problems can start even before birth, so many babies with FAS are born weighing less than other babies.

To be diagnosed with FAS, a child must have a height, weight, or both that are lower than normal. Their height or weight must be in the 10th percentile or lower, meaning 90% of all other children are taller or heavier.

The central nervous system controls everything in the body. When it is damaged by alcohol during pregnancy, the damage can cause many different problems. To be diagnosed with FAS, a child must have three different kinds of central nervous system problems:

"Structural" problems are problems with the shape of the head or the brain. For example:

Neurological problems are problems with the way the brain and nerves control the body. For example:

"Functional" problems are problems doing everyday tasks. To be diagnosed with FAS, a child has to have a lot more trouble doing everyday things than other children his age. The child has to have a low IQ or developmental delay, or problems in three of these areas:

In the United States, alcohol is the most common cause of birth defects that can be prevented. Fetal alcohol syndrome can be prevented in every pregnancy if the mother drinks no alcohol while she is pregnant.

Doctors suggest that women who are trying to get pregnant should also drink no alcohol. This is because a woman may not know she is pregnant for the first 4–6 weeks of her pregnancy. Some women drink alcohol during this time, since they do not realize they are pregnant. But drinking during the earliest part of a pregnancy can cause severe FAS because the earliest part of the pregnancy is when the fetus's brain starts developing. This is why it is safest not to drink any alcohol if a woman thinks she might get pregnant.

Stein Eriksen

Stein Eriksen (11 December 1927 – 27 December 2015) is a Norwegian-American alpine skier. He won gold and two silvers at the 1952 Winter Olympics in Oslo. He retired in 1954.

Eriksen was born in Oslo. His parents were Marius Eriksen (1886–1950) and Birgit Heien (1900–1996). He lived in the United States for six decades.

Eriksen died on 27 December 2015 in Park City, Utah. He was 88.


Meridian arc

In geodesy, a meridian arc is the distance between two points with the same longitude. In geometry it is an arc: a segment of a curve. The length of an imaginary rope laid over the globe would be that distance.

Two or more such measurements at different places get the shape of the reference ellipsoid which is most like the shape of the geoid. This process is called "the determination of the figure of the Earth". The earliest determinations of the size of a spherical Earth used a single arc. The latest determinations use astro-geodetic measurements and the methods of satellite geodesy to get the reference ellipsoids.

The Alexandrian scientist Eratosthenes about 240 BC, first calculated a good value for circumference of the Earth. He knew that on the summer solstice at local noon the sun goes through the zenith in the ancient Egyptian city of Syene (Assuan). He also knew from his own measurements that, at the same moment in his hometown of Alexandria, the zenith distance was 1/50 of a full circle (7.2°). Assuming that Alexandria was due north of Syene, Eratosthenes concluded that the distance between Alexandria and Syene must be 1/50 of Earth's circumference.

In 1687 Newton published in the "Principia" a proof that the Earth was an oblate spheroid of flattening equal to 1/230.


Philip of Hesse-Darmstadt

Philip of Hesse-Darmstadt (July 20, 1671 in Darmstadt – August 11, 1736 in Vienna) was a Prince of Hesse-Darmstadt, Imperial Field Marshal and Governor of Mantua.

Philip was a younger son of Louis VI, Landgrave of Hesse-Darmstadt (1630–1678) and his second wife Elisabeth Dorothea of Saxe-Coburg (1640–1709), daughter of Ernest II, Duke of Saxe-Gotha.

Philip fought for the Habsburgs in the Spanish War of Succession. In 1708 he became Field Marshal and Supreme Commander of the Imperial troops in newly conquered Naples. After the war in 1714, under influence of Prince Eugene of Savoy, he became governor of the former Duchy of Mantua until his death.

Philip was a great lover of music. When he was with his soldiers in Naples, he was patron of Nicola Porpora. When he was governor of Mantua, he made Antonio Vivaldi "Maestro di Cappella" of his court. Vivaldi wrote the opera Tito Manlio to celebrate Philip's wedding to Princess Eleanora of Guastalla, however the wedding never took place.

On March 24, 1693, Philip married Marie Therese of Croÿ (1673–1714), daughter of Ferdinand François Joseph, Duke of Croy-Havré. He had to beome a Catholic for the wedding, which made his mother very upset.

Philip and Marie had five children : 



Sean Hayes (actor)

Sean Patrick Hayes (born June 26, 1970) is an American actor, comedian, and producer. He is best known for his role as Jack McFarland on the NBC sitcom "Will & Grace". During the series he won an Emmy Award, four SAG Awards, and one American Comedy Award, and earned six Golden Globe nominations. After "Will & Grace" he guest starred in programs such as "30 Rock", "Portlandia" and "Parks and Recreation".

Robert Spitzer (psychiatrist)

Robert Leopold Spitzer (May 22, 1932 – December 25, 2015) was an American psychiatrist. He was a professor of psychiatry at Columbia University in New York City. He was a major figure in the development of the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders (DSM). He helped remove homosexuality as a mental disorder.

Spitzer was born in White Plains, New York. He studied at Cornell University and at New York University School of Medicine. He worked at Columbia University until his retirement in 2010. Spitzer died of heart disease at his home in Seattle, Washington at the age of 83.


Mujaddid

Mujaddid () in Islam is a reformer who is given the task of removing errors that have occurred among Muslims. Their job is to show people the great religious truths which the Muslim community will be asked to face. According to the popular Muslim tradition, it refers to a person who appears at the turn of every century of the Islamic calendar to revive Islam, cleansing it of extraneous elements and restoring it to its pristine purity. In contemporary times, a mujaddid is looked upon as the greatest Muslim of a century.

Ikhtilaf (disagreements) exist among vatious hadith specialists. Scholars and historians like Al-Dhahabi and Ibn Hajar al-Asqalani have interpreted that the term mujaddid can also be understood as plural, thus referring to a group of people.

The Arabic word mujaddid means "reformer", "renovator", "reviver", "renewer" or "regenerator". It is someone who revives and renovates the religion. The concept of tajdid (renewal or revival) and the term mujaddid come rather from a hadith, a statement of the Prophet Muhammad. This hadith was written down by Abu Dawood in his Sunan, one of the six authoritative Sunni collections of the Prophet's statements. In this hadith, the Prophet says:

This means reform is in the essential nature of Islam and Muslims are called all the time to work hard to make new ideas cope with tradition. It also means that not everything in the Muslim tradition is useful and good for this modern age; there are certain things that were possible in the past but are no longer relevant today. Slavery would be a prime example.

Tajdid (renewal) in Islamic thought means renewing the ideology representing the intellectual product of Muslims in the fields of science, knowledge and ijtihad to interpret Islam and understand and explicate its rulings.

Al-Suyuti mentioned in his book Al-Jami' al-Sagheer, "Renewing religion means renewing its guidance, clarifying its truth and precedence, refuting the innovations and extremism presented to its followers or their reluctance in upholding it, and following its rules in managing the interests of the people and the law of society and civilization."

Among the most manifest aspects of tajdid (renewal) in Islamic thought is the renewal of Islamic sciences as follows:

"Mujaddids" can include prominent scholars, pious rulers and military commanders.

There is no formal mechanism for designating a mujaddid. The persons of this list are claimed to be Mujaddid.

While there is no formal mechanism for designating a "mujaddid" in Sunni Islam, there is often a popular consensus.
















Eleanor Coen

Eleanor Coen (October 21, 1916 – July 9, 2010) was an American painter. She was born in Normal, Illinois. Coen worked at the Art Institute of Chicago. Coen's work is displayed at the Smithsonian American Art Museum and Art Institute of Chicago.

Coen died of heart failure at the age of 93 in Evanston, Illinois. 

Martin Bell (director)

Martin Bell (born January 16, 1943) is an American movie director. He was best known for his movies such as "Streetwise" and "American Heart". His career began in 1971 wile making short movies. He was married to Mary Ellen Mark until her death in 2015.

Aaron T. Beck

Aaron Temkin Beck (July 18, 1921 – November 1, 2021) was an American psychiatrist and a professor emeritus in the department of psychiatry at the University of Pennsylvania. He was thought to be as the father of cognitive therapy, and his theories are widely used in the treatment of clinical depression.

Beck was born in Providence, Rhode Island to a family of Russian Jewish immigrants. He studied at Brown University and at Yale Medical School.

Beck also developed self-report measures of depression and anxiety including Beck Depression Inventory (BDI), Beck Hopelessness Scale, Beck Scale for Suicidal Ideation (BSS), Beck Anxiety Inventory (BAI), and Beck Youth Inventories. Beck is known for his research in psychotherapy, psychopathology, suicide, and psychometrics, which led to his creation of cognitive therapy and the BDI, one of the most widely used instruments for measuring depression severity.

Beck worked with psychologist Maria Kovacs in the creation of the Children's Depression Inventory, which used the BDI as a model. Beck's work at the University of Pennsylvania inspired Martin Seligman to create his own cognitive techniques and exercises, and later work on learned helplessness.

Beck is the President Emeritus of the non-profit Beck Institute for Cognitive Behavior Therapy and the Honorary President of the Academy of Cognitive Therapy, which certifies qualified cognitive therapists.

Beck married judge Phyllis W. Beck in 1950. Together, they had four children. He lived in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. Beck turned 100 on July 18, 2021 and died later in the year on November 1 at his home in Philadelphia.



Ralph Torres

Ralph Deleon Guerrero Torres (born August 6, 1979) is an American Republican politician from Saipan, Northern Mariana Islands. He was the 9th Governor of the Northern Mariana Islands from the death of governor Eloy Inos on December 28, 2015 until January 9, 2023. He previously served as the 10th Lieutenant Governor. He was elected to this position in the 2014 election. He lost re-election in 2022 to Arnold Palacios.

William Waad

Sir William Waad (also Wade or Wadd) (1546 - 1623) was an English diplomat and administrator. He served as a special diplomatic agent for Elizabeth I of England. She sent him to France to collect papers which were used to convict her sister, Queen Mary. Waad also carried out the questioning and interrogations of political prisoners, often using torture to get the answers. He was involved in questioning Sir Walter Raleigh, members of the Gunpowder Plot, and the Essex rebellion among others.

Carlos Romero Barceló

Carlos Antonio Romero Barceló (September 4, 1932 – May 2, 2021) was a Puerto Rican politician. He served as the fifth Governor of Puerto Rico. He was the second governor to be elected from the New Progressive Party (PNP) and also Resident Commissioner of Puerto Rico from 1993 to 2001.

On July 3, 2017, he was appointed by Governor Ricky Rosselló as Puerto Rico's first United States Shadow Senator to the U.S. Senate.

Romero Barceló was hospitalized in San Juan, Puerto Rico in March 2021 for sepsis and a urinary tract infection. He died a month later on May 2, 2021 at the age of 88.


Movie: "Bajo otra Bandera" made 1997.

Coronagraph

A coronagraph is a telescope to see things around the Sun. The telescope uses a disk to block the bright surface of the sun, exposing bright objects around the sun to be visible to human eyes.

James Braid

James Braid (1795 - 1860) was a Scottish surgeon and hypnotist.

He was born in Portmoak, Scotland. He died in of an illness in Chorlton-on-Medlock, Manchester.

Braid saw a demonstration of mesmerism by Charles Lafontaine in 1841 and began to explore and research the subject for himself. He argued that the trance like state that a person went into, which he called hypnotism, was a state of mind. He said it was not caused by the transferring "mesmeric fluid" or "animal magnetism". He believed a hypnotic state could be caused by having a person stare at a small bright object. When a person was in a hypnotic state, they could be given suggestions which they did not remember when fully awake. He also noted changes in pulse and blood circulation, which he believed were able to cure some illnesses. He began using hypnotism and suggestion as way of treating some of his patients.

His ideas were later developed by a group of doctors in Paris, who were called "Braidists". Led by the neurologist J. M. Charcot, their work made it scientifically acceptable to study hypnotism.

Braid wrote a book and several articles about his research and his ideas:

Colin Dexter

Norman Colin Dexter, OBE, (29 September 1930 – 21 March 2017) was an English crime writer. He was known for his Inspector Morse novels, which were written between 1975 and 1999 and adapted as a television series from 1987 to 2000.

In 2000 Dexter was appointed an Officer of the Order of the British Empire for services to literature. In 2001 he was awarded the Freedom of the City of Oxford.

Dexter died in his sleep at his home in Oxford on 21 March 2017, aged 86.

Sheila Mercier

Sheila Mercier (1 January 1919 – 4 December 2019) was an English actress. She was born in Hull, East Riding of Yorkshire, England. She played Annie Sugden in "Emmerdale" for over 20 years between 1972 and 1994, she made 3 further appearances in 1995, 1996 and 2009.

Buick Rendezvous

The Buick Rendezvous was a midsize crossover SUV. It was built by General Motors from 2002 to 2007. The Rendezvous was built on a short wheelbase of the GM U platform similar to the Pontiac Aztek. It slotted between the Rainier and the Terraza. From 2002 to 2006, it offered the option of front-wheel-drive or all-wheel drive. This was dropped for the final model year. The Rendezvous was later discontinued due to a drop in sales and replaced by the slightly larger Buick Enclave CUV which also replaced the Rainier and Terraza.

Stuck in the Middle (TV series)

Stuck in the Middle is a Disney Channel Original Series. It was created by Alison Brown and executive producer Linda Videtti Figueiredo. The series stars Jenna Ortega as Harley Diaz. The series aired on February 14, 2016. The main character of the show is one year older than Lincoln Loud from The Loud House.

The series is about a family of 9, seen through the point of view of Harley Diaz, a 12-year-old inventor who just so happens to be the middle kid in a large family,


The Disney Channel series "Stuck in the Middle" started airing on February 14, 2016. The series premiered on March 11, 2016. Production began on November 30, 2015.


Budō

Budō is a Japanese term describing modern Japanese martial arts. Budō, which means "the martial ways", has its origins in bushidō, "the way of the warrior". The budō arts include aikido, judo, jūkendō, Kendo, Kyūdō, naginata, shorinji kempo and sumo. In battle, budō teaches defense with the ideas of nonviolence and spiritual enlightenment. Originally designed for warfare, budō became a way of self-defense. From his book "Meditations on Violence", Rory Miller wrote:
"It is better to avoid than to run; better to run than to de-escalate; better to de-escalate than to fight; better to fight than to die. Budō is based on the principles of Zen. The term budō is often used in another sense to refer to specific martial arts such as Akai Budo, Judo and Kendo.

<br>

Rearguard

A rearguard is a part of a military force that protects the main force from attack from the rear. This is either during an advance or withdrawal. The term can also be used to describe forces protecting lines of communication behind an army. In modern armies the rearguard may be used to delay an enemy, to keep supply routes open or may also gather intelligence on an enemy approaching from the rear. One of the best recorded examples of a rearguard action is found in The Song of Roland. It is based on the historical events of the attack on the rearguard of Charlemagne's army in the Pyrenees. It was written in the 11th century, three hundred years after it happened.

<br>

The Song of Roland

The Song of Roland () is an epic poem based on the Battle of Roncevaux in 778 during the reign of Charlemagne. It is the oldest surviving major piece of French literature. It exists in different manuscript versions which shows its great popularity in from the 12th to 14th centuries.

The date of poem is somewhere between 1040 and 1115. An early version began around 1040. Additions and changes were made up until about 1115. The final text has about 4,000 lines of poetry. These are further divided into 298 poetic units called laisses. It was written to be performed, possibly to music. The author of the poem is unknown.

The epic poem is the oldest example of the "chanson de geste". This was a literary form popular between the 11th and 15th centuries. It was all about legendary deeds and heroes.

The poem is about an actual historical event that happened centuries earlier. In 778 Charlemagne invaded Spain. On his way through the Pyrenees he looted and plundered Basque lands. He found little resistance in Spain until he reached the city of Zaragoza. Charlemagne demanded they surrender. The city governor, Hussain Ibn al-Ansari, refused. Charlemagne then laid siege to the city but with little success. Finally the governor paid Charlemagne a large amount of gold in return for Charlemagne's army leaving the area. Charlemagne had a pending Saxon revolt at home so he needed little persuasion to leave.

As Charlemagne marched north back to France he again passed through Basque territory. His large army was deep in the Pyrenees in a long column on August 15, 778. His rearguard was commanded by Roland, one of Charlemagne's most trusted leaders. The rearguard was attacked starting the Battle of Roncevaux Pass. The Basques using their knowledge of the terrain were able to overcome the Frankish rearguard. But their job was to protect the main army so they fought to the last man. The Basques plundered the baggage trains and captured the gold Charlemagne was paid at Zaragoza. Before the Frankish army could turn to fight the Basques, they had gone. Roland and his men died as heroes.



Chumar

Chumar is a place in the provences of Jammu and Kashmir, India. The area is claimed by both China and India. According to China's Ministry of Defence "the two countries’ border, to this day, has not been designated". The problem is that for centuries, the sparsely inhabited mountainous region existed as a buffer zone between empires. A border war broke out in 1962 that has to date killed thousands of soldiers. The tension between the two countries has come and gone but is now raised again.

Elżbieta Krzesińska

Elżbieta Maria Krzesińska née Duńska (November 11, 1934 – December 29, 2015) was a Polish track and field athlete from Warsaw.

She competed in the long jump. She competed for her native country at the 1956 Summer Olympics held in Melbourne, Australia where she won the gold medal in the Women's Long Jump. She returned to the 1960 Summer Olympics in Rome but failed to defend her title, finishing second behind Soviet Vera Krepkina.

Krzesińska died after a long-illness at her home in Warsaw at the age of 81.

Pavel Srníček

Pavel Srníček (10 March 1968 – 29 December 2015) was a Czech professional footballer. He played as a goalkeeper from 1990 to 2007, mainly for Newcastle United. 

He represented Sheffield Wednesday, Portsmouth and West Ham United in England, and also played in Italy for Brescia and Cosenza, in Portugal for Beira-Mar, and in his native country for Banik Ostrava. After retiring, he worked as a goalkeeping coach for his own private school and for Sparta Prague.

Srníček played internationally for the Czech Republic from 1994 to 2001, earning a total of 49 caps. He was part of their squad that came runners-up at UEFA Euro 96, and was their first-choice goalkeeper when they came third at the 1997 FIFA Confederations Cup and contested UEFA Euro 2000.

On 4 January 2012, Sparta Prague confirmed the appointment of Srníček to their coaching staff.

Srníček suffered a massive heart attack while out jogging on 20 December 2015. He was put into an induced coma at a hospital in his native Ostrava. He died nine days later at the age of 47, when his life support was turned off due to irreversible brain damage.

Progeria

Progeria (), also called Hutchinson–Gilford progeria syndrome and HGPS progeria syndrome is a very rare genetic disorder. Children born with progeria show symptoms which are like aging. This can include skin wrinkles and grey hair or baldness. Progeria is one of several progeroid syndromes. The word "progeria" comes from the Greek words "pro" (πρό), meaning "before" or "premature", and "gēras" (γῆρας), meaning "old age". 

It is very rare, only 1 child in every 8 million live births. People with progeria usually only live to their mid teens to early twenties. It is a genetic condition that occurs as a new mutation. It is rarely inherited, as people with the condition do not usually live long enough to have children. 

Scientists are studying progeria because it might reveal clues about the normal process of aging. Progeria was first described in 1886 by Jonathan Hutchinson. It was also described independently in 1897 by Hastings Gilford. The condition was later named Hutchinson–Gilford progeria syndrome.

Antony Booth

Anthony George Booth (9 October 1931 – 25 September 2017), later known as Tony and Antony, was a retired English actor. He is best known for his role as Mike Rawlins in the BBC series "Till Death Us Do Part".

Booth is the father-in-law of former Prime Minister of the United Kingdom Tony Blair. Blair is married to Booth's daughter Cherie Booth.

Booth suffered a stroke in 2010. He was diagnosed with Alzheimer's disease in 2004. He died of the disease in London on 25 September 2017 at the age of 85.

Bob Cerv

Robert Henry Cerv (May 5, 1925 – April 6, 2017) was a former American baseball player. Before his professional career, he was a collegiate baseball and basketball player at the University of Nebraska. He was born in Weston, Nebraska.

Cerv signed with the New York Yankees in 1950 and was a little-used reserve outfielder on the Yankee teams of the early 1950s. Cerv played for the Yankees from 1951 through 1956, again in 1960, and lastly from 1961 through 1962. He also played for the Kansas City Athletics (1957-1960), Los Angeles Angels (1961), and the Houston Colt .45s (1962).

Cerv died on April 6, 2017 in Blair, Nebraska from a stroke, aged 91.

Robin Williams (canoeist)

Robin Williams is a British slalom canoeist who competed in the 1980s. He won two medals in the C-2 team event at the ICF Canoe Slalom World Championships with a gold in 1981 and a bronze in 1983.

Florida A&amp;M University

Florida A&M University or FAMU, is a public, historically black university in Tallahassee, Florida. Its official name is Florida Agricultural and Mechanical University. Florida A&M University was built on the highest of seven hills in Tallahassee. It opened on October 3, 1887.

It is one of the largest historically black universities in the United States, in number of students. It awards bachelor's, master's and doctorate degrees.

FAMU's main campus is in Tallahassee. It is close to the State Capitol and the campus of Florida State University. The university also has campuses in Orlando, Miami, Jacksonville, Tampa and Crestview.

 has 132 buildings that spread out over . Part of the campus is listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places. This is named the Florida Agricultural and Mechanical College Historic District. It was placed on the list on May 9, 1996.

The district is in the center of the campus. In the National Register, it covers . It includes 14 historic buildings and 1 object. One campus building, the old Carnegie Library, is listed separately on the National Register.

On April 18, 2012, the AIA's Florida Chapter put Lee Hall at Florida Agricultural & Mechanical University on its list of "Florida Architecture: 100 Years. 100 Places".


Frank Malzone

Frank James Malzone (February 28, 1930 – December 29, 2015) was an American baseball player. He was a former Major League Baseball third baseman and right-handed slugger who played for the Boston Red Sox (1955–65) and California Angels (1966). He was born in The Bronx, New York.

Malzone died in Needham, Massachusetts of natural causes at the age of 85.


Over and Over Again (song)

"Over and Over Again" is a song by English recording artist Nathan Sykes. The song was written by Sykes and was released in the United Kingdom on 20 November 2015 as the second single from his debut studio album. The song peaked to number 8 on the UK Singles Chart.

Sykes performed the song live on "The X Factor" on 22 November 2015.

Kim Yang-gon

Kim Yang-gon (; 24 April 1942 – 29 December 2015) was a North Korean politician. He was a member of the ruling party Workers' Party of Korea (WPK). He served as head of relations with South Korea from 2007 until his death, under both Kim Jong-il and later Kim Jong-un. He was born in Anju, South Pyongan Province.

Kim died in a car accident on 29 December 2015, aged 73.

Rufous-tailed lark

The rufous-tailed lark ("Ammomanes phoenicura") is a passerine bird. It is native to India and northeast Pakistan.

Terpenoid

Turpenoids, or isoprenoids, are a large group of organic compounds. They are built of five-carbon isoprene units put together and modified in thousands of ways.

They are lipids, and are found in all classes of living things. They are the largest group of natural products. About 60% of natural products are terpenoids.

Plant terpenoids are often used for their scent. They are used in traditional herbal remedies. Terpenoids help the scent of eucalyptus, the flavors of cinnamon, cloves, and ginger, the yellow color in sunflowers, and the red color in tomatoes. Well-known terpenoids include citral, menthol, camphor, salvinorin A in the plant "Salvia divinorum", the cannabinoids found in cannabis, ginkgolide and bilobalide found in "Ginkgo biloba", and the curcuminoids found in turmeric and mustard seeds.

The steroids and sterols in animals are biologically produced from terpenoid precursors.

Bad Orb

Bad Orb is a spa town in Hesse, Germany.

Astrocyte

Astrocytes are characteristic star-shaped glial cells in the brain and spinal cord. They are also known collectively as astroglia.

The proportion of astrocytes in the brain varies. Studies have found that the astrocyte proportion varies by region from 20% to 40% of all glia. 

Astrocytes do many things. They help the endothelial cells of the blood–brain barrier, provide nutrients to the nervous tissue, keep extracellular ions in balance. They also help repair the brain and spinal cord after traumatic injuries.

Research since the mid-1990s has shown that astrocytes release Ca ions, and adjust brain functions. Such discoveries have made astrocytes an important area of research in neuroscience.

Natoli

Natoli is an Italian surname.

It may refer to:

Mangesh Padgaonkar

Mangesh Keshav Padgaonkar (Devanagari: मंगेश केशव पाडगांवकर; 10 March 1929 – 30 December 2015) was an Indian poet from Maharashtra, India. He was born on 10 March 1929 in Vengurla, Sindhudurg District in Maharashtra. 

Padgaonkar has 40 publications to his credit. He began writing at the age of 14. The United States Library of Congress has 31 of his publications in their collection. He has also translated works of Kabir and Surdas in Marathi along with Shakespeare's plays "The Tempest", "Julius Caesar" and "Romeo and Juliet". In 2008, his translation of the Bible was released.

Padgaonkar died in Mumbai from a short illness at the age of 86.

Joe Houston

Joe Houston (July 11, 1926 – December 28, 2015) was an American tenor saxophonist. He played jazz and rhythm and blues. He was born in Bastrop, Texas. His career began in the 1940s in Kansas City, Missouri.

Houston formed his own band The Rockets, and moved to Los Angeles in 1952. He scored his only two chart hit singles in 1952 with "Worry, Worry, Worry" and "Hard Time Baby" both of which peaked at #10 on "Billboard's" R&B singles chart.

Houston's musical career ended after he suffered a stroke in 2005. He died on December 28, 2015 in Long Beach, California, following a series of strokes, aged 89.

Apgar score

The Apgar score is used in medicine. It is a quick way of measuring how healthy a newborn baby is.

Virginia Apgar invented the Apgar score in 1952. She was an anesthesiologist, and created the score to measure how babies were affected by anesthesia given to their mothers during childbirth.

Today, the Apgar score is very commonly used by doctors, nurses, midwives, emergency medical technicians (EMTs), and other medical professionals. One of the reasons it is so popular is that doing an Apgar test is very quick. It usually takes less than a minute, sometimes just seconds.

When an Apgar test is done, five simple things about the newborn baby are checked. The newborn gets a score of 0, 1, or 2 on each of these give things. The scores are added up, and the total is the newborn's Apgar score.

"Apgar" is the name of the woman who invented the Apgar scale. But "APGAR" is also a backronym that stands for the things the Apgar scale checks. These are Appearance, Pulse, Grimace, Activity, and Respiration.
The Apgar test is usually done one minute after birth, and again five minutes after birth. It may be repeated later if the score is low and stays low. 

The main goal of the Apgar score is to see whether the newborn needs medical help. Usually:

If a newborn has a low Apgar score one minute after birth, this does not mean the baby is going to have long-term health problems. This is especially true if the Apgar score is better five minutes after birth.

But an Apgar score that stays below 3 at later times—like 10, 15, or 30 minutes after birth—may show that the newborn has brain damage. These newborns are a little more likely to have cerebral palsy. However, the Apgar test cannot predict (say for sure) whether a baby will have long-term health problems.


Neheb

Neheb is listed on the Palermo Stone as a Predynastic ancient Egyptian king who ruled in the Lower Egypt. There is no other evidence of such ruler. Neheb may be a mythical king only remembered in unwritten stories, or may even be completely fictitious.

Doug Atkins

Douglas Leon Atkins (May 8, 1930 – December 30, 2015) was a former American football defensive end. He played for the Cleveland Browns, Chicago Bears and New Orleans Saints in the National Football League. He played college football at the University of Tennessee under legendary head coach Robert Neyland. He is a member of the College Football Hall of Fame and the Pro Football Hall of Fame. He was born in Humboldt, Tennessee. 

Atkins died in Knoxville, Tennessee on December 30, 2015 at the age of 85.

Jerzmanice-Zdrój

Jerzmanice-Zdrój is a small village in Lower Silesia, Poland. The first time it appeared in sources was in 1253 as Hermanstorph. The village administrator is Edward Janiec.

Jerzmanice-Zdrój was a health resort from 1881, when a doctor from the nearby town Złotoryja made a small place for sick people called "Hermsdorf Bad". This lasted until World War II. After the war, the health resort did not re-open.

The origin of "Jerzmanice" is unknown. One theory is that this part of the name is a Polish crack from German name "Hermsdorf" or "Hermannsdorf". These names are an earlier name of Jerzmanice-Zdrój. The origin of "zdrój" is means "spring" or "spa" in English. 

A lot of people do not say "Jerzmanice-Zdrój", only "Jerzmanice". The earlier names of Jerzmanice are: Bad Hermsdorf, Hermsdorf, Hermannsdorf, Hermanstorph, Hermsdorf am Katzbach. In 1946 the name "Jerzmanice Zdrój" was established.

The highest point in Jerzmanice is Goleń Hill. It is above sea level. It is in the valley of Kaczawa.

The village has a primary school and public library. 

Through Jerzmanice run a few streets: DW364 and DW328. The most popular way of travel is private transportation.

Most citizens are Roman Catholics, but only about 20% practise it. Some people are Jehovah's Witnesses or atheists.

Gino Marchetti

Gino John Marchetti (January 2, 1926 – April 29, 2019) was an American professional football player in the National Football League and businessman. A defensive end, he played in 1952 for the Dallas Texans and from 1953 to 1966 for the Baltimore Colts.

Marchetti was born in Smithers, West Virginia. He was raised in Antioch, California. Marchetti studied at Modesto Junior College and at the University of San Francisco.

In 2004, Marchetti was voted to the East-West Shrine Game Hall of Fame.

Marchetti died of problems caused by pneumonia on April 29, 2019 at a hospital in Paoli, Pennsylvania at the age of 93.


Mekh

Mekh is listed on the Palermo Stone as a Predynastic ancient Egyptian king who ruled in the Lower Egypt. There is no other evidence of such ruler. Mekh may be a mythical king who is only remembered in unwritten stories, or may even be completely fictitious.

Reign

A reign is the period of time that a monarch (a king, queen, emperor, etc.) rules over a country. It can also be the period of time that a spiritual leader rules in a particular office. For example, the reign of a pope, dalai lama, patriarch etc. A reign can also be used for an office or championship. In many cases a reign lasts until the monarch (or leader) resigns, dies, or is removed. A monarch's reign was sometimes used to mark time officially. In Anglo-Saxon England for example, many royal documents were dated by the regnal year of the king. This lasted until about the 10th century.

Some of the longest reigning current monarchs are:


Some of the longest reigning monarchs of all time are:

Some of the shortest reigns in history are:

Double Falcon

Double Falcon (also possibly Dju and Nebwy) was a Predynastic pharaoh of Lower Egypt belonging to Dynasty 0. The exact timeline of his reign is unknown, although it is estimated to be during the 33rd century BCE. The length of his reign is unknown.

In 1910 M. J. Clédat, an Egyptologist, discovered the first evidence for king Double Falcon. A farmer at el-Mehemdiah in the north-eastern delta brought him a jar and some incised fragments found while planting a palm-grove in nearby el-Beda. Clédat soon discovered four serekhs of king Double Falcon.

In 1912 Hermann Junker found a tomb at Tura, which contained a complete jar with a serekh topped by two falcons.

More serekhs of king Double Falcon have been found in the Sinai, in Tell Ibrahim Awad in the eastern delta, in Adaima and Abydos in Upper Egypt, and in the Palmahim quarry in southern Israel. Because these finds have mainly been in Lower Egypt and north-western Sinai, it shows Double Falcon may have only ruled over these areas. However as some of his serekhs have been found in Upper Egypt and Canaan, it shows that the power of the Dynasty 0 kings was spreading. This had already begun towards the end of the Naqada III period, through trading or warfare.

The serekh of Double Falcon is unique. Firstly, it is the only one topped by two Horus falcons, facing each other. Secondly, the serekh does not have a place for the name. Instead this space is filled by vertical lines which usually represent the niched facade of a palace. The serekh does not have the horizontal line that separates the palace facade from the name of the ruler above. Finally, each falcon stands on its own peak. Experts believe that these features are symbolic. The two falcons could represent Lower Egypt and the Sinai, as it seems that Double Falcon reigned over both regions. Dreyer believes that the falcons stand on a on a sign meaning "mountain" which is N26 of Gardiner's sign list: N26 He reads the name as "Dju" ('), so that the name of the king is shown by a pair of falcons on mountains above a plain serekh. But another expert, van den Brink, reads the name as "Nebwy" ('), meaning "the two lords", and similar to a much earlier palette on display in the Barbier-Mueller Museum of Geneva.

Alcohol withdrawal

Alcohol withdrawal (also called alcohol withdrawal syndrome) is medical problem. It is a set of symptoms that can happen when a person who has drunk alcohol for a long time stops drinking. It can also happen when a person starts drinking less than they used to.

Alcohol withdrawal can be very dangerous. In the worst cases, it can even kill a person. This is why it is dangerous for people who drink a lot to stop drinking without talking to a doctor first.

Alcohol is a central nervous system depressant. This means that alcohol slows down the activity in some parts of the brain. This can create good feelings, like feeling relaxed and happy.

If a person drinks a lot of alcohol, eventually their body will get used to the alcohol. After a while, the person will need to drink more and more alcohol to feel drunk and to slow down parts of their brain. This is called "tolerance".

Once the body is used to having alcohol (and having parts of the brain slowed down), suddenly taking away the alcohol will cause withdrawal symptoms. The central nervous system is used to being slowed down by alcohol. So without alcohol, the central nervous system gets very excited and over-active.

A person who gets tolerant to alcohol, and gets withdrawal symptoms when they stop drinking, is "physically dependent" on alcohol. This is also called "physical addiction."

Not everybody who drinks a lot of alcohol gets withdrawal symptoms when they stop. No one knows why some people get withdrawal symptoms and others do not.

About half of people with alcoholism will get withdrawal symptoms if they drink less than usual. About 5% to 20% of patients withdrawing from alcohol will get the most dangerous form of alcohol withdrawal: delirium tremens. About 1/3 (one out of three) people who have withdrawal seizures will get delirium tremens.

Symptoms of alcohol withdrawal are mostly caused by a central nervous system that is over-excited and working too hard.

Everybody has a different set of withdrawal symptoms. Some people have only mild symptoms, like being unable to sleep or feeling anxious. Other people have very bad, life-threatening symptoms, like delirium, hallucinations, very high blood pressures, and very high fevers.

Withdrawal usually begins 6 to 24 hours after a person takes their last drink. Acute withdrawal can last for up to one week.

To be diagnosed with alcohol withdrawal syndrome, patients must have at least two of these symptoms:.

Many things affect how bad alcohol withdrawal symptoms can be. The most important things are: 

Symptoms are also grouped together and put into categories based on how bad they are:

Every person goes through alcohol withdrawal differently. Even the worst of alcohol withdrawal symptoms can happen as soon as 2 hours after a person stops drinking. Because of this, it is best to talk to a doctor, go into the hospital, or get treatment before a person stops drinking alcohol. In many people, however, symptoms usually happen in this order:

"Six to 12 hours after the last drink:"

"Twelve to 24 hours after the last drink:"

"24 to 48 hours after the last drink:"

"48 hours after the last drink:"<BR>
Usually, people will start to feel better after 48 hours. But sometimes, after 48 hours, alcohol withdrawal can still get worse and turn into delirium tremens. Delirium tremens can last anywhere from 4 to 12 days.

Acute alcohol withdrawal usually lasts only a week. But many alcoholics have what is called Post-Acute Withdrawal Syndrome (PAWS) (also called "protracted alcohol withdrawal syndrome). This means that some withdrawal symptoms continue beyond the acute withdrawal stage. Some withdrawal symptoms can last for at least a year after a person stops drinking.

Symptoms of post-acute withdrawal syndrome (PAWS) can include:

Insomnia is also a common symptom of PAWS. It often keeps happening after acute (immediate) alcohol withdrawal. Research has showed that people with insomnia are more likely to relapse (start using alcohol again). Studies have found that magnesium or trazodone can help treat insomnia in recovering alcoholics.

For some people, the acute phase of alcohol withdrawal can last longer than usual. Protracted (longer than usual) delirium tremens has been reported in medical research, but is not common.

People with bad alcohol withdrawal symptoms often need to go into a hospital to make sure they are safe while they are withdrawing from alcohol.

Many different medicines can help with the symptoms of alcohol withdrawal:

Benzodiazepines are the most commonly used medication for the treatment of alcohol withdrawal. They can help decrease alcohol withdrawal symptoms and prevent seizures.

The most commonly used benzodiazepines are long-acting (medications whose effects last a long time), like chlordiazepoxide and diazepam (Valium). These seem to be the best medicines for treating delirium, and do not have to be given as often.

Although benzodiazepines work very well at treating alcohol withdrawal, they should be carefully used. Benzodiazepines should only be used for short periods in alcoholics. This is because alcoholics are more likely to get addicted to benzodiazepines. There is a risk of replacing an alcohol addiction with benzodiazepine dependence or adding another addiction. Also, both alcohol and benzodiazepines are depressants. If a person takes both at the same time, they are more likely to get depression or become suicidal.

Alcoholics often do not have enough of certain vitamins in their bodies. One of these important vitamins is thiamine. If a person does not have enough thiamine in their body, they can get serious health problems and even brain damage.

When a person is going through alcohol withdrawal, the most important vitamins are thiamine and folic acid. If an alcoholic who stops drinking does not have enough of these vitamins, they can get Wernicke syndrome, a very serious brain problem. To keep this from happening, people who have stopped drinking alcohol are often given thiamine and folic acid intravenously (through a needle placed into a vein). They may also be given other vitamins. This can help prevent Wernicke syndrome.

Sometimes, anticonvulsant (anti-seizure) medicines are given to try to prevent seizures.

Some evidence says that topiramate (Topamax), carbamazepine (Tegretol), and other anticonvulsants are helpful in treating alcohol withdrawal; however, research is limited.

Other studies have shown that benzodiazepines work just as well as anticonvulsants.

Clonidine may be used along with benzodiazepines to help some of the symptoms of alcohol withdrawal.

Antipsychotic medicines, such as haloperidol, are sometimes used along with benzodiazepines to control agitation or psychosis. However, antipsychotics have to be used carefully. They can make alcohol withdrawal worse, since they make it more likely for a person to have a seizure.

If alcohol withdrawal is not treated correctly, people can die or have permanent brain damage.

Alcoholics often cannot stop drinking alcohol after their withdrawal symptoms are over. Often, they need support for months or years after withdrawal is over.

Pilot Butte, Saskatchewan

Pilot Butte is a town in Saskatchewan, Canada. It has over 2,100 people living in it. Most people live in town but drive into the nearby city Regina to work. The town got its name after the hill (or butte) that it surrounds. Pilot Butte is sometimes known as the "Sand Capital of Canada" because of all of the sand and gravel it has. The Pilot Butte Storm are a junior ice hockey team that play in Pilot Butte.

Basidium

A basidium (plural basidia) is a microscopic type of spore-producing cell found on certain fungi. Most often the basidia are elongated and club shaped. But there is variation in the shape. A basidium usually bears four sexual spores called basidiospores.

Comedic genre

Comedy may be divided into many genres. The genre may depend on the source of humor, how the joke is told, and context.

Cocaine withdrawal

Cocaine withdrawal happens when a person who uses a lot of cocaine stops using cocaine. It can also happen when a person who uses a lot of cocaine starts using less cocaine than they did before.

Cocaine (also called coke) is a powerful stimulant. It is an illegal drug outside of hospital usage. It makes people feel very happy, talkative, energetic, and not want to eat as much food.

Cocaine's most dangerous side effects include:

After using cocaine regularly, some users will become addicted. When a person who is used to using cocaine stops right away, they will go through what is called a "crash" along with many of other cocaine withdrawal symptoms, like:


Some cocaine users also report having similar symptoms to schizophrenia patients and feel that their mind is lost. Some users also report formication: feeling like things are crawling on the skin (also called, "coke bugs" or "spiders"). These symptoms can last for weeks or, in some cases, months.

Even after many withdrawal symptoms go away, most users feel like they need to keep using cocaine. This feeling can last for years and may get worse during times of stress. About 30-40% of cocaine addicts start using other kinds of drugs or alcohol after they stop using cocaine.

"Twelve-step programs" like Cocaine Anonymous (modeled on Alcoholics Anonymous and Narcotics Anonymous) have been widely used to help people addicted to cocaine. Cognitive Behavioral Therapy (CBT) and Motivational Therapy (MT) have proven to be more helpful than 12-step programs in treating cocaine dependency. However, both of these approaches have a fairly low success rate.

Ibogaine has been researched a treatment for cocaine dependency. It is used in clinics in Mexico, the Netherlands, and Canada, but it cannot be used legally in the United States.

Non-drug treatments like acupuncture and hypnosis have been studied. However, these studies have not clearly shown that acupuncture or hypnosis helps with cocaine withdrawal.

Cocaine addiction continues to be the second-most difficult addiction to manage, behind heroin addiction.

Medications that have been studied to treat cocaine withdrawal include acetylcysteine, baclofen, bupropion, vanoxerine, and vigabatrin.

Kim Janda has been working for years on a vaccination that would treat cocaine use disorders.

The anti-depressant desipramine, and the stimulants methylphenidate and pemoline, have been used to treat cocaine dependence in people who also have a mental illness.

Several drugs have been used to treat cocaine withdrawal and cravings:

Finally, drugs have been used to cause an "aversion reaction" (a very bad reaction) when given with cocaine. The most common of these drugs is phenelzine.

On February 14, 2011, two Swiss psychologists published two years' research on cocaine addiction. They found that addicts who gambled were less likely to use cocaine or to relapse on cocaine. They think gambling may refocus the brain's "reward center" from cocaine to gambling. They said that psychotherapy should be used along with gambling. More research is being done on long-term relapse rates (the number of people who eventually start using cocaine again).

However, a more recent study looked at prize-based contingency management: a treatment method that offers addicts chances to win prizes if they do not use cocaine. This study found that prize-based contingency management helped cocaine addicts stay off cocaine, whether or not they had gambled recently. This suggests that it is the chance of a reward, not the gambling itself, that helps cocaine addicts stay off of cocaine.

Naloxone

Naloxone (often called Narcan), is a medication. It is used to reverse the effects of opioid painkillers, especially when a person has overdosed on opioids. Examples of opioids include: 

These painkillers are central nervous system depressants. This means they slow down certain areas of the brain. If a person takes too many opiates, this can shut down the part of the brain that controls breathing. The person may become unable to breathe and die.

When a person has taken too much of one of these painkillers, naloxone can reverse the painkillers' effects and save the person's life.

Naloxone may be mixed into the same pill as an opioid painkiller to decrease the risk of misuse. 

When given intravenously (into a needle placed into a vein), naloxone works within two minutes. When injected into a muscle, it works within five minutes. The medication may also be shot up the nose. 

The effects of naloxone last about half an hour to an hour. Since most opioids last longer than naloxone, a person may need several doses of naloxone to fight the effects of an overdose.

When a person takes opioids, the opioids have to attach to certain receptor sites in the brain in order to work, like a lock in a keyhole. Once the opioids attach to these opiate receptor sites - like a lock fitting into a keyhole - the opiates start to work. They kill pain, create euphoria, and make people feel calm and relaxed. But if a person takes too many opiates, they can also make it impossible to breathe.

Naloxone fits better onto these opiate receptor sites than actual opiates do. If a person takes naloxone, the naloxone will throw any opiate off of the opiate receptor sites (like a key getting taken out of a door). Naloxone will stay attached to these opiate receptor sites. This reverses the effects of the opiates that the person took.

Naloxone reverses the effects of opiates. Because of this, if a person who is addicted to opiates gets naloxone, they will have symptoms of opioid "withdrawal". People have withdrawal symptoms when their body gets used to having opiates all the time.

Because naloxone reverses the effects of opiates, the side effects of naloxone can include restlessness, agitation, nausea, vomiting, a fast heart rate, pain, and sweating. To prevent this, small doses every few minutes can be given until the desired effect is reached. 

Naloxone has to be given carefully to people with heart disease. Naloxone can cause more heart problems, like changes in the rhythm of the heart beat, in these people. 

Naloxone seems to be safe in pregnant women. Naloxone is a pure opioid antagonist. 

In rare cases, naloxone causes seizures and pulmonary edema (fluid in the lungs).

Naloxone was patented in 1961 by Jack Fishman, Mozes J. Lewenstein, and the company Daiichi Sankyo. The drug was approved for opioid overdose by the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in 1971. It is on the World Health Organization's Model List of Essential Medicines, the most important medications needed in a basic health system. 

Naloxone is available as a generic medication and is not very expensive. Its wholesale price is between $0.50 and $5.30 USD per dose.

Naloxone can be used to reverse opioid overdose and to reduce the slowed breathing or mental depression that opioids can cause.

Naloxone is included as a part of emergency overdose response kits distributed to heroin and other opioid drug users. This has been shown to reduce deaths due to overdose. 

A prescription for naloxone is recommended if a person is:

If naloxone is prescribed to a person, that person should also be taught about how to prevent, identify, and react to an overdose, including how to perform rescue breathing, CPR, and how to call an emergency telephone number like 9-1-1.

Naloxone may be mixed with a number of opioids like buprenorphine. (Buprenorphine mixed with naloxone is called Suboxone.) Buprenorphine is used to decrease cravings for opiates. When buprenorphine and naloxone are mixed, and taken by mouth, only buprenorphine has an effect. But if a person misuses Suboxone by injecting it or taking large doses, the naloxone blocks the effect of the opioid. This combination is used to try to prevent abuse.

Pulmonary edema

Pulmonary edema (pulmonary oedema in British English) is fluid in the lungs ("Pulmonary" means "lungs"; "edema" means "swelling" or "fluid"). Normally, the lungs fill with air when a person breathes in. From the alveoli in the lungs, oxygen goes into the blood. The blood then carries oxygen to the entire body. Every part of the body needs oxygen to survive.

When a person has fluid in their lungs (pulmonary edema), there is not enough space left for air to get into the lungs. The person will not be able to breathe in as much air. This means not as much oxygen will get into the blood, and the body will not get the oxygen it needs.

The most common cause of pulmonary edema is heart failure on the left side of the heart. The left side of the heart is supposed to pump blood to the entire body. If the left side of the heart is too weak to do this, blood will back up into the lungs. This is called "cardiogenic pulmonary edema". ("Cardiogenic" means "caused by the heart.")

Other, "non-cardiogenic" causes of pulmonary edema include:

Symptoms of pulmonary edema may include:

Flash pulmonary edema is a medical emergency. It is pulmonary edema that comes on very quickly. Usually pulmonary edema takes a few hours to develop. But in the worst cases of flash pulmonary edema, a person's lungs can fill completely with fluid in minutes. Flash pulmonary edema can also be caused by moving a person with pulmonary edema, or lying them down.

No matter what the cause is, pulmonary edema can be treated by:

Other treatments can focus on the cause of the pulmonary edema. For example, if a person with kidney failure has had too much salt or fluid, they can have dialysis to take away the extra fluid and salt.

Armand Hammer United World College of the American West

Armand Hammer United World College of the American West (UWC-USA) is an independent boarding school for students in high school in Montezuma, New Mexico, USA. UWC-USA was opened in 1982. Classes take place in a historic hotel and students live in buildings nearby. It is branch of an international school called United World College. UWC-USA is a high school that focuses on active learning and a worldwide community. People from all over the world study at this college. There are 200 students at the school in grades 11 and 12. 



Serekh

A serekh was an important type of heraldic crest used in Ancient Egypt.
Serekhs, particularly those found throughout Egyptian history, are typically composed of three components: a recessed or niched façade, the king’s name inscribed in a panel, and a falcon. While both the façade and name depictions are consistent in history, during a portion of Egyptian history there appears variety among the animal incarnation specified. This can be seen by the falcon being presented singularly, joined alongside a Seth chimera, completely replaced by the Seth, or absent of both. Prominent examples include the mid-Dynasty II’s ruler Peribsen whose serekh exclusively displays the Seth animal and his predecessor, Khasekhemwy, whose serekh joins both falcon and Seth animal. 

Dissecting these components, it appears each element serves a purpose in its iconography of kingship. The recessed or niched façade, which appears at the bottom of the serekh, is often considered associated with the king’s ownership of large building such as a palace or tomb. This rendition would serve both to certify the king’s authority but also to acknowledge his possession of wealth. The panel, which exists between the niched façade and the falcon, is observed as the space where the king’s name is written. It’s underlying purpose is often debated, however, some claim it to be an allusion to early architectural elements such as the in many pharaonic tombs. On top of this panel, as stated earlier, is often a falcon denoting the god Horus. Horus’s presence in the serekh suggests the name inscribed in the panel as being the king’s Horus name, but the god’s association with kingship often lends credibility to the monarch. Both the Seth and Horus animals can be shown wearing a red, white, or double crown of Egypt and in some instances, appear in control of weapons. Such personification indicates the larger role played by the serekh, and potentially the use of the animal god as a representation of the king. The king himself would often be known to contain or exemplify the ‘Ka’ of Horus, which was the internal spirit that was later removed following the kings death and transitioned to fill that of the succeeding king. This retention of a godly spirit would be then be used as the deciding testament for the kings right to the throne. This relationship between the king’s Ka and the Horus god in royal serekh’s can be traced to many of the earliest texts and coalesce with the development of early writing. Until Dynasty IV, serekhs served as the only means for royal identification and later become secondary to the cartouche. 

The name depicted in the panel is denoted as the king’s Horus name- in the case that the Horus animal is depicted- and is a tribute to the belief that kings were considered son of the god Osiris and therefore a semi-divine earthly representation of Horus. This name, which is one of five great names, is further argued to be the king’s Ka name. The characterization of the Horus falcon also provides a means of dating serekhs and further identifying their owner. For instance, Horus's represented in crouching positions is a distinguishing trademark of Dynasty 0 and First Dynasty serekhs. Additionally, the presence of a concave top below the Horus symbol, rather than straight, suggests a date no later than the reign of king Aha. After Dynasty 2, the previously broad falcon tail is also redesigned to become more narrow and straight. 

The word "serekh" comes from the Egyptian word for "facade". There are many different serekhs on different types of objects. Many different decorations and details of the facade are shown in many different examples. It seems that there were no strict rules for the design of the serekh.

A serekh was normally used as a royal crest, showing the name of the pharaoh. They have been found as far back as the predynastic Naqada II (Gerzean) period (ca. 3400 BC.). The hieroglyphs forming the king's name were placed inside a rectangular area above the serekh. From the Old Kingdom period onward, the word serekh appears in old papyri.

A serekh was not only important in validating the authority of the king during his time of rule, but it subsequently allowed fallen kings to maintain a legacy long after death. In the time of ancient Egypt this was especially important as the adoption of a name signified the beginning of one’s existence. This connection between name and existence was so well established that often it was not uncommon for the serekh of a royal to stand in his place. This is captured by the many serekhs exhibiting arms and hands attached to either the falcon animal or the panel element wielding weapons or holding captives. This personification of serekhs suggests an active participance in its surroundings and therefore its role as embodiment of the inscribed king. This anthropomorphizing of glyphs and symbolic images, such as the catfish glyph on an ivory cylinder of Narmer which epitomizes the duality of function, continues throughout Egyptian history and can be seen in a variety of contexts. It is seen most noticeably in the serekh's of king Aha where the falcon god Horus yields a weapon within the confines of the serekh.

Given the predominant usage of serekhs in the identification of kingship, especially preceding Dynasty IV, the presence of such also serve to demonstrate Egyptian presence in foreign areas. Inscribed serekhs into natural stone sites provide compelling evidence of travel or expansion of Egyptian populations into such areas. 

Serekh’s appear on a variety of surface throughout history, progressing alongside the material industry current at the time. Most noticeably appearing on statues and landmarks, they also sit on the likes of many less elaborate medium such as rock or pots. These less precious materials, however, simultaneously exhibit reduced precision and detail of incised serekhs compared to those on more esteemed material such as alabaster. Additionally, names included within serekhs are often short-handed on pottery vessels. Frequently in rock art, such as on stone massifs, serekhs are accompanied by other pictorial hieroglyphs or artistic scenes. The style of artwork placed alongside the serekhs also serves to help date illegible or damaged components. 

Dwight Gayle

Dwight Devon Boyd Gayle (born 17 October 1989) is an English professional footballer who plays as a striker for Sky Bet League One club Derby County.

Stansted

Crystal Palace

Newcastle United

Individual


Tuskegee syphilis experiment

The Tuskegee Syphilis Experiment (/tʌsˈkiːɡiː/) was a clinical study. The study was done between 1932 and 1972 by the United States Public Health Service. Its goal was to study how syphilis progressed (got worse) if it was not treated. The study's subjects (the people who were being studied) were poor African American sharecroppers. They were told that they were receiving free health care from the U.S. government.

This experiment is infamous because none of the men being studied were told that they had syphilis. Even after the 1940s, when doctors realized that penicillin could cure syphilis, the men were not given this cure, or any other treatment. The men were not told that they were not getting real treatment, or that a cure was available. This study raised many important questions about medical ethics.

In the 1930s, when the study started, syphilis was a very serious health problem in the United States. In fact, syphilis had been a serious health problem throughout all of history. Syphilis gets worse over time. It can be very painful. If it is not treated, it causes brain damage and death. In the 1930s, there was no cure for syphilis. The treatments that were used did not work well and some were poisonous. Doctors did not understand syphilis. Because of this they did not have any way to help people with the disease.

There had been very few studies done on how syphilis affected people. One study was done in Norway in 1928, but it studied only white men. In the 1930s, people believed that syphilis affected people of different races in different ways. Doctors thought that African Americans' cardiovascular system was more affected by syphilis than the central nervous system. The Tuskegee study group decided to study how syphilis affected African Americans. They reasoned that they could not cure or treat people with syphilis anyway, and that they would learn things that would help doctors understand syphilis better.

The Public Health Service started working on the Tuskegee syphilis experiment in 1932 during the Great Depression. Tuskegee University, a college in Alabama that was open to African-American students, also helped with the study. They helped because they thought the study would improve public health for poor people in the area.

For the study, researchers signed up a total of 600 African American men from Macon County, Alabama. A total of 399 of these men had syphilis before the study began. The remaining 201 did not have syphilis. (In research, this healthy group is called a "control group"). Researchers wanted to compare the difference between people with and without syphilis. The men were given free health care, meals, and free burial insurance for being in the study.

The researchers' original goal was to study the effects of syphilis for just six months. At first, they studied the men in the experiment for six to eight months. They were then given the only treatments that were known at the time. These included arsphenamine (which is now used as a chemotherapy), ointments made of mercury and bismuth. These treatments were all very poisonous. Some treatments helped a little while others made things worse.

The Tuskegee study received money to treat the men in the study from the Rosenwald Fund. This was a major organization from Chicago whose purpose was philanthropy. Specifically, they supported improving black education and developing communities in the South.

In 1928, the Rosenwald Fund had worked with Public Health Services in a study of over 2,000 black workers in Mississippi's Delta Pine and Land Company. The study's goal was to see how common syphilis was in this group. The Rosenwald Fund helped provide treatment for 25% of the workers who had tested positive for syphilis. However, in 1929, the Stock Market Crash happened. The Great Depression also began. The Rosenwald Fund said they could no longer pay for medicine to treat the Tuskegee men.
After funding (money) for treatment was lost, the study was continued. The study's subjects were never told that they would never get treatment. In fact, the men were told they were being treated for "bad blood." "Bad blood" was a local word that people used to describe different diseases, including syphilis, anemia, and fatigue.

Researchers started using tricks and lying to the men in the study, without caring about medical ethics or the men's rights. For example, researchers wanted to do lumbar punctures ("spinal taps") on the men to measure the effects of syphilis. These spinal taps were dangerous and very painful. To make sure that the men would come get the spinal taps, the researchers sent all 400 subjects a letter titled "Last Chance for Special Free Treatment." This was a lie; the spinal taps were not treatment.

All of the study's participants also had to have an autopsy after death in order to receive funeral benefits (money given to their families to pay for a funeral).

After penicillin was discovered as a cure in the 1940s, researchers did not give penicillin to any study participants. They also did not tell any of the participants about penicillin. Many patients were lied to and given placebo treatments so that researchers could keep studying how syphilis affected the men. The researchers did this even though they knew that without treatment, the syphilis would eventually kill the men.

During World War II, 250 of the Tuskegee men registered for the draft. These men were given medical exams by the military, and were diagnosed as having syphilis. They were ordered to get treatment for syphilis before they could be taken into the military. But the Tuskegee study's researchers tried to keep these men from getting treatment. A Public Health Service worker was quoted at the time saying: "So far, we are keeping the known positive patients [the men with syphilis] from getting treatment."

By 1947, penicillin had become the normal treatment for syphilis. It was not just a treatment, but a cure. The United States government created several public health programs to help people get the cure. The government formed "rapid treatment centers" where people could go for penicillin. The governments goal was to eradicate syphilis (to make it not exist any more). But when these programs came to Macon County, study researchers kept the Tuskegee men from participating.

The study continued until 1972, when Peter Buxton, who also worked for the Public Health Service, gave information about the experiment to a reporter. This caused the study to end, on November 16, 1972. By that time, all of the Tuskegee men with syphilis had gotten no real treatment for 40 years.

By the end of the study in 1972, only 74 of the test subjects were alive. Of the original 399 men, 28 had died of syphilis. Another 100 were dead of related complications. A total of 40 of their wives had been infected and 19 of their children were born with congenital syphilis.


2015–16 UEFA Champions League

The 2015-16 UEFA Champions League was the 61st season of Europe's premier club football tournament organised by UEFA. It is the 24th season since it was renamed from the European Champion Clubs' Cup to the UEFA Champions League.

The was played at the San Siro in Milan, Italy. Barcelona were the defending champions but Real Madrid won the tournament in penalties over Atlético Madrid.

16 goals

9 goals

8 goals
7 goals
6 goals

5 goals

4 goals

3 goals

2 goals

1 goal

Own goals

Howard Davis Jr.

Howard Edward Davis, Jr. (February 14, 1956 – December 30, 2015) was an American amateur and professional boxer. He was born in Glen Cove, New York, but raised in Long Island, New York.

After being inspired by a movie about Muhammad Ali, Davis began his amateur career in boxing. He won the 1976 Olympic gold medal one week after his mother died. He was also awarded the "Val Barker Trophy at the Olympics.

He became professional after the Olympics and went on to a professional record of 36–6–1 with 14 knockouts. He retired in 1996. After retirement he became a trainer. Eventually he worked as boxing director at American Top Team in Coconut Creek, Florida, where he trained both amateur and professional boxers and MMA fighters. He was also a motivational speaker and a musician.

Davis, Jr. died on December 30, 2015 from lung cancer in Plantation, Florida at the age of 59.

Ian Murdock

Ian Murdock (28April 1973 – 28December 2015) was a German-born American software engineer. He was known for being the founder of the Debian project and Progeny Linux Systems, a commercial Linux company. He was born in Konstanz, Germany.

Murdock died on 28 December 2015 from unknown causes in San Francisco, California at the age of 42. Details surrounding his death have not been released. The last tweets at his Twitter account described violent encounters with police. It was reported that he declared an intention to commit suicide over Twitter, but there is as of now no public record of such a tweet. It was reported that police officer found Murdock drunk and that he did not appear suicidal.


Lester Piggott

Lester Keith Piggott (5 November 1935 – 29 May 2022) was an English professional jockey. With 4,493 career wins, including nine Epsom Derby victories, he was seen as one of the greatest flat racing jockeys of all time.

He was known as "The Long Fellow". He was known for his competitive personality, keeping himself thirty pounds under his natural weight, and on occasion not sparing the whip on horses such as Nijinsky. Piggott regarded Sir Ivor as the easiest to ride of the great winners.

Piggott died in hospital in Switzerland on 29 May 2022 at the age of 86.

Murray Walker

Graeme Murray Walker (10 October 1923 – 13 March 2021), known as Murray Walker, was an English Formula One motorsport commentator and journalist. For most of his career he worked for the BBC, but when it lost the contract for Formula One coverage to ITV, he continued commentating after the change of broadcaster.

Walker was born Graeme Murray Walker in Hall Green, Birmingham, Warwickshire on 10 October 1923.

Walker was diagnosed with lymphoma in 2013. He died on 13 March 2021 in Fordingbridge, Hampshire at aged 97.


Clinical Institute Withdrawal Assessment for Alcohol

The Clinical Institute Withdrawal Assessment for Alcohol (often called CIWA or CIWA-Ar (an updated version)), is a scale used to measure alcohol withdrawal symptoms. The scale lists ten common symptoms of alcohol withdrawal. Based on how bad a person's symptoms are, each of these is assigned a number. All ten numbers are added up to make one final score. The highest possible score is 67. Higher scores are a sign of more severe alcohol withdrawal:

The CIWA is used not just to measure how bad withdrawal symptoms are, but also to guide decisions about what treatments to give, like when to give benzodiazepines.

The CIWA measures ten of the most common signs and symptoms of alcohol withdrawal:

The CIWA scale is validated, which means it is proven to measure what it means to measure - alcohol withdrawal symptoms. It also has high inter-rater reliability. This means that if more than one medical professional used the CIWA on the same patient, they would get very similar results. Validation and inter-rater reliability are signs of good, accurate tests. 

Studies have shown that when the CIWA scale is used to guide treatment:



Sandy Gall

Henderson Alexander "Sandy" Gall, CMG, CBE (born 1 October 1927), is a Scottish journalist, author, and former ITN news presenter. His career as a journalist has lasted more than 50 years.

Gall was born in Penang, Malaysia. He studied at the Aberdeen University.


Doug Ellis

Sir Herbert Douglas "Doug" Ellis, OBE (3 January 1924 – 11 October 2018), was an English entrepreneur. He was known as the former chairman of Aston Villa Football Club. Ellis was knighted in the 2012 New Year Honours for charitable services.

Ellis died on 11 October 2018 at the age of 94.

Prunella Scales

Prunella Scales (born Prunella Margaret Rumney Illingworth; 22 June 1932) is an English actress. She is best known for her role as Basil Fawlty's wife Sybil in the BBC comedy "Fawlty Towers" and her BAFTA award-nominated role as Queen Elizabeth II in "A Question of Attribution" ("Screen One", BBC 1991) by Alan Bennett.

In March 2014, her husband Timothy West revealed to "The Guardian" that Scales was living with Alzheimer's disease.


John Noakes

John Noakes (6 March 1934 – 28 May 2017) was a British television presenter and personality. He was best known for co-presenting the BBC children's magazine programme "Blue Peter" in the 1960s and 1970s. He remains the show's longest-serving presenter for a total of 12 years.

Noakes was born in Halifax, West Yorkshire. He studied at the Rishworth School. 

On 30 June 2015, Noakes was reported missing from his home in Andratx, Majorca. His wife issued the alert to local police, who confirmed that Noakes had a diagnosis of Alzheimer's disease and had been living with the condition for some years. He was found the same day close to his home and taken to hospital, having fallen into some long grass "in the bottom of a storm drain".

Noakes died on 28 May 2017 at his home in Andratx, Majorca, Spain from complications of Alzheimer's disease at the age of 83.


Farm Sanctuary

Farm Sanctuary is an animal protection organization founded in 1986 by Gene Baur and Lorri Houston. It is the leading shelter for farm animals in the United States. Farm Sanctuary not only provides shelter to injured or endangered farm animals but also supports animal rights. The organization has a history of fighting laws that help the factory farming industry. Farm Sanctuary currently owns and operates three animal shelters in these cities: Watkins Glen, New York, Los Angeles, California and Orland, California. Combined, these locations house over 1000 farm animals, including chickens, cows, sheep, goats, pigs, ducks, rabbits, and geese. Various books about Farm Sanctuary have been written by co-founder Gene Baur. These include "Farm Sanctuary: Changing Hearts and Minds About Animals and Food" and "Living the Farm Sanctuary Life: The Ultimate Guide to Eating Mindfully, Living Longer, and Feeling Better Every Day". Both of these books reached bestseller lists and have received national attention.


Marvin Panch

Marvin Panch (May 28, 1926 – December 31, 2015) was an American stock car racing driver. Panch won the 1961 Daytona 500. He also won seventeen NASCAR Grand National - now Sprint Cup Series - events during a 17-year career. He was born in Menomonie, Wisconsin.

Panch died of natural causes after he was found in his car in Port Orange, Florida at the age of 89.


Brian Johns (businessman)

Brian Francis Johns (6 May 1936 – 1 January 2016) was an Australian company director and journalist. He was the managing director of the Australian Broadcasting Corporation (ABC) from 1995 to 2000. Johns was born in Gordonvale, Queensland, Australia.

Johns died on 1 January 2016 in a hospital in Sydney, Australia after battling cancer at the age of 79.

Carolingian dynasty

The Carolingian dynasty was a Frankish noble family who ruled over a large part of western Europe from 751 to 987. They were a line of mayors, kings, and princes who succeeded the Merovingian dynasty. The most famous member of the family was Charlemagne. The dynasty was named after Charlemagne's grandfather, Charles Martel. He was a Mayor of the Palace of Austrasia and Neustria. The mayors of the palace were the real power behind the throne. 

Charles Martel (meaning "the hammer") left his wealth and power to his two sons, Pepin III and Carloman. In 771 Carloman died leaving his half to Pepin who became Mayor of the Palace. When the last of the Merovingian kings, Childeric III, was deposed by the Pope in Rome, Pepin was made king of the Franks. Pope Stephen III traveled to France and placed the crown on his head. Pepin left the kingdom to his two sons, Charles and Carloman.

Charles and his brother shared the kingdom for some time. Carloman then traveled to Rome and became a monk. Charles became the sole king. He then earned his name "Charles the Great" (Charlemagne) by defeating the Lombards, the Saxons, and the Avars. In 800 Charlemagne was crowned Holy Roman Emperor by Pope Leo III. The dynasty was passed down to his son, Louis the Pious and to his grandsons. By the time Louis inherited the kingdom the Carolingian Empire had already started to decline. By the end of the 9th century it came to an end. With the collapse of the empire the dynasty came to an end.

Pierre-Marie Rudelle

Pierre-Marie Rudelle (18 June 1932 – 28 December 2015) was a French trompe-l'œil painter. He painted First Lady of the United States Jacqueline Kennedy a pair of doors in her dressing room in the White House. He also worked for Mohammad Reza Pahlavi and Pamela Harriman. He was born in Paris.

Rudelle died on 28 December 2015 in Paris, aged 83.

Gabriel Tambon

Gabriel Tambon (23 March 1930 – 27 December 2015) was a French politician for the Union for a Popular Movement (UMP). He served as the Mayor of Le Castellet, Var from 1965 until his death. He was born in Castellet, Vaucluse.

Tambon died on 27 December 2015 at the age of 85.

Åge Nordkild

Åge Nordkild (19 September 1951 – 28 December 2015) was a Norwegian Sámi politician. He was a member of the Norwegian Sami Association. He held many places in the Sami Parliament from 2001 to 2005 and 2009 to 2013. He was born in Narvik.

Nordkild died on 28 December 2015 at the age of 64.

Fred Tuttle

Frederick Herman "Fred" Tuttle (July 18, 1919 – October 4, 2003) was an American dairy farmer, actor and 1998 candidate for the U.S. Senate from the state of Vermont for the Republican Party. He was born in Tunbridge, Vermont. He appeared in movies such as "Nosey Parker" and "Man with a Plan".

Tuttle ran against senator Patrick Leahy in the Vermont senate elections. He lost in a landslide to Leahy. Tuttle was described by Senator Leahy as "the distilled essence of Vermonthood". He was thought by many to be an example of the "everyman".

Tuttle died of a heart attack in his farm in Tunbridge, Vermont at the age of 84.

Bob Richards

Robert Eugene "Bob" Richards (February 20, 1926 – February 26, 2023), nicknamed the "Vaulting Vicar" or the "Pole Vaulting Parson" in his competitive days, was an American athlete who was known for pole vaulting in the Olympics. He competed in the 1948 (where he won a bronze medal), 1952 (gold medal), and 1956 Summer Olympics (gold medal) as a pole vaulter, and as a decathlete in 1956.

In the 1984 United States presidential election, Richards ran for President of the United States on the far-right, white nationalist Populist Party ticket.

Richards was born in Champaign, Illinois. He studied at the University of Illinois at Urbana–Champaign. Richards died on February 26, 2023, a few days after his 97th birthday.

Barbara Byrd-Bennett

Barbara Byrd–Bennett (born April 12, 1951) is an American educator. 

Byrd–Bennett was the Chief Executive officer of the Chicago Public Schools district and the Cleveland Municipal School District. Byrd–Bennett served as CEO of the Cleveland Municipal School District from 1998 to 2006. From 2009 to 2011, she was the academic and accountability officer for the Detroit Public Schools system. She was hired as the Chicago Public Schools' chief education advisor in April 2012 and then named CEO by Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel six months later. 

She resigned from CPS in 2015 amid a bribery investigation, which led to her pleading guilty to multiple charges. She could go to jail for 7 and a half years.

Forrest Claypool

Forrest Claypool (born 1958 in Vandalia, Illinois) is an American politician. He was the superintendent of the Chicago Public Schools system serving from the resignation of Barbara Byrd-Bennett in June 2015 until his own resignation in December 2017.

Before becoming superintendent, Claypool has held several positions in the governments of Chicago, Cook County, and the State of Illinois. He was the Democratic member of the Cook County Board of Commissioners, Chief of Staff to Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel, and President of the Chicago Transit Authority.

In 2007–2008, Claypool served as a key member of Barack Obama campaign's media team, in his capacity as a longtime partner of David Axelrod.

David Axelrod

David M. Axelrod (born February 22, 1955) is an American political operative and analyst. He is best known as the Chief Strategist for Barack Obama's presidential campaigns. After Obama's election, Axelrod was appointed as Senior Advisor to the President. Axelrod left the White House position in early 2011 and became the Senior Strategist for Obama's successful re-election campaign in 2012.

He now serves as the director of the non-partisan Institute of Politics at the University of Chicago and is a Senior Political Commentator for CNN. In April 2014 it emerged that Axelrod had been appointed senior strategic adviser to the British Labour Party to assist party leader Ed Miliband in the run-up to the 2015 general election.


Roslyn, New York

Roslyn ( ) is a village in Nassau County, New York, on the North Shore of Long Island. As of the United States 2020 Census, the village population was 2,988. Roslyn was once called Hempstead Harbor, but its name changed to Roslyn on September 7, 1844.


Erik De Vlaeminck

Erik De Vlaeminck (23 March 1945 – 4 December 2015) was a Belgian cyclist. He was a recording-winning cyclo-cross world-champion seven times (in 1966, 1968, 1969, 1970, 1971, 1972, 1973). He was born in Eeklo. He was the brother of Roger De Vlaeminck.

Later in life, De Vlaeminck had Parkinson's disease and Alzheimer's disease. He died in Eeklo on 4 December 2015, aged 70.


Carrier's constraint

Carrier's constraint is an observation about air-breathing vertebrates which flex their bodies sideways when moving. They find it very difficult to move and breathe at the same time. The sideways flexing expands one lung and compresses the other, shunting stale air from lung to lung instead of expelling it completely to make room for fresh air.

It was named, by English paleontologist Richard Cowen, after David R. Carrier, who wrote his observations on the problem in 1987.

Many amphibia and reptiles can and do move very fast over short distances. They do it by moving without breathing, which builds up an "oxygen debt". Humans sometimes do this when running very quickly. 100-metre sprinters do not breathe during a race. They collapse and recover afterwards. Many reptiles and amphibians are ambush predators, which fits that kind of life quite well. There is no reptile or amphibian equivalent to dogs or deer, with their huge capacity for running long distances. 

There are, however, some reptiles which get round the Carrier constraint. Snakes, for example have only one lung. And, of course, dinosaurs were bipedal to start with, and most groups stayed bipedal to the end. Lizards run in short bursts with brief pauses. Carrier was able to show that they breathed in the pauses.

2015 Campeonato Brasileiro Série A

The 2015 Campeonato Brasileiro Série A (officially the Brasileirão Chevrolet 2015 for sponsorship reasons) was the 59th edition of the Campeonato Brasileiro Série A, the top-level of professional football in Brazil. After winning twice in a row in the 2013 and 2014 seasons, Cruzeiro came in defending their title as the Brazilian football champions. Corinthians won the title.

 


-->
Islamabad United

Islamabad United () is one of the six teams which plays in the Pakistan Super League (PSL). The team represents the city of Islamabad and was founded in 2015. It is owned by Ali Naqvi and Amna Naqvi (Leonine Global Sports). Misbah-ul-Haq is the captain of Islamabad United, while the head coach is Dean Jones.

Karachi Kings

Karachi Kings (; ) is one of the six teams which plays in the Pakistan Super League (PSL). The team represents the city of Karachi and was founded in 2015. It is owned by the Salman Iqbal (ARY Group). Imad Wasim is the captain of Karachi Kings, while the head coach is Mickey Arthur.


Lahore Qalandars

Lahore Qalandars (; ; abbreviated as LQ) is one of the six teams which plays in the Pakistan Super League (PSL). The team represents the city of Lahore and was founded in 2015. It is owned by Fawad Rana (Qatar Lubricants Company Limited (QALCO)). Brendon McCullum is the captain of Lahore Qalandars, while the head coach is Aqib Javed.


Peshawar Zalmi

Peshawar Zalmi (; ) is one of the six teams which plays in the Pakistan Super League (PSL). The team represents the city of Peshawar and was founded in 2015. Zalmi in the name means Youth. It is owned by Javed Afridi (Haier Pakistan). Darren Sammy is the captain of Peshawar Zalmi, while the head coach is Mohammad Akram.


Quetta Gladiators

Quetta Gladiators () is one of the six teams which plays in the Pakistan Super League (PSL). The team represents the city of Quetta and was founded in 2015. It is owned by Nadeem Omar (Omar Associates). Sarfaraz Ahmed is the captain of Quetta Gladiators, while the head coach is Moin Khan.

Gisella Perl

Gisella Perl (10 December 1907 – 16 December 1988) was a Jewish gynecologist who lived in Romania until 1944. In 1944, World War II was happening, and the Nazis illegally invaded a part of Romania through Hungary. The Nazis deported all of the Jewish people in the area and sent them to concentration camps.

Perl was born December 10, 1907, in the town of Sighetu Marmaţiei in Romania (called Transylvania at the time). At age 16, she graduated first in her high school class; she was the only woman and the only Jew in the class. She wanted to be a doctor, but at first her father would not let her. Later she told the "New York Times":
"[My father said] 'I do not want my daughter to lose her faith and break away from Judaism.' ... Several months later, she approached him again, this time with a prayer book he had given her, and said, 'I swear on this book that wherever life will take me, under whatever circumstances, I shall always remain a good, true Jew.' Maurice Perl relented, and she enrolled in medical school. Years later, on the day she was paid a fee by her first patient, she bought another prayer book and had engraved on it her father's name. ...

Her father carried that book into the crematorium in Auschwitz."

After the Nazis invaded Romania, Dr. Perl and her family were sent to Auschwitz concentration camp. There, Dr. Perl's husband, only son, parents, and extended family were all killed by the Nazis. Dr. Perl was allowed to live because she was a doctor. She was given the job of working as a doctor in the camp. Diseases (like all kinds of infections), injuries, malnutrition, and many other problems were very common among the inmates. This was because of horrible living conditions at the camps, where inmates were beaten, not given enough food, not given clean water or toilets, were forced to work very hard, and had to live so close together that diseases spread very quickly. Dr. Perl's job was to help these inmates, but she did not have even the most basic medical supplies, like antiseptic, soap, clean cloths for wounds, medicine, or even running water.

Dr. Perl is most famous for saving the lives of hundreds of women by aborting their pregnancies. This saved the women's lives because pregnant women were often beaten and killed, or used by Dr. Josef Mengele for vivisections (which means they were cut open without any anesthesia. In 1982, Dr. Perl recalled:
"The greatest crime in Auschwitz was to be pregnant. ... Dr. Mengele told me that it was my duty to report every pregnant woman to him... He said that they would go to another camp for better nutrition, even for milk. So women began to run directly to him, telling him, 'I am pregnant.' I learned that they were all taken to the research block to be used as guinea pigs [in medical experiments], and then two lives would be thrown into the crematorium. I decided that never again would there be a pregnant woman in Auschwitz."

In January 1945, Russian soldiers were getting close to Auschwitz. The Nazis sent everyone in Auschwitz to another concentration camp called Bergen-Belsen. In April 1945, British soldiers freed the camp. As the soldiers were moving in to free the camp, Dr. Perl was delivering a baby.

After leaving Bergen-Belsen, Dr. Perl found out that both her husband and son had died. She tried to kill herself with poison, and was sent to recover in a convent in France. She stayed there until 1947.

In March 1947, Dr. Perl went to New York City and tried to become an American citizen. Instead of being treated as a victim of the Nazi concentration camps, she was treated as a suspect. She was interrogated and accused of helping the Nazi doctors at Auschwitz carry out human rights abuses. She was finally granted citizenship in 1951.

Dr. Perl began work as a gynecologist in New York's Mount Sinai Hospital, and delivered around 3,000 babies in New York alone. She became an expert in infertility treatment, helping couples who were having trouble getting pregnant.

In June 1948, Gisella Perl published her story, called "I was a Doctor in Auschwitz". In the book, she talks about the horrors she saw there as an inmate doctor. The book includes Perl's descriptions of Joseph Mengele's experiments; of how she tried to save as many inmates as possible; and how the Nazi doctors would order operations on young women's breasts without anesthetics, because the warden, Irma Grese, liked watching them suffer.

Dr. Perl was later reunited with her daughter, Gabriella Krauss Blattman, whom she managed to hide during the war. They both moved to live in Herzliya, Israel. Perl died in Israel in 1988. She was the sole author or coauthor of nine papers on vaginal infections published between 1955 and 1972.

In 2003, a film entitled "Out of the Ashes" was released. It was based upon the story of Dr. Perl's life, and starred Christine Lahti as Dr. Perl.



Dal Richards

Dallas Murray "Dal" Richards, CM, OBC (5 January 1918 - 31 December 2015) was a Canadian big band leader. 

Richards led his band for many years in a weekly CBC Radio show broadcast nationally from the Panorama Roof Ballroom of the Hotel Vancouver. , Richards also hosts a weekly one-hour show on radio station CISL. Richards is commonly thought to be the lyricist of "Roar You Lions Roar", the fight song of the BC Lions football club set to the music of "I Love the Sunshine of Your Smile".

Mike Oxley

Michael Garver "Mike" Oxley (February 11, 1944 – January 1, 2016) was an American politician. He was a member of the Republican party. He served as a U.S. representative from the 4th congressional district of Ohio. He was born in Findlay, Ohio.

Oxley died of lung cancer in McLean, Virginia on January 1, 2016 at the age of 71.


Fazu Aliyeva

Fazu Aliyeva (December 5, 1932, Iasi – January 1, 2016, Makhachkala, Russia) was an Avar speaking-Soviet-born Russian poet, novelist and journalist. She has made a significant role to the development of Dagestani in Russian literature. She is also known for being a human rights activist.

She was awarded two Orders of the "Badge of Honor" and two Orders of Friendship of Peoples, the Order of St. Andrew the Apostle in 2002. She was awarded the Gold Medal of the Soviet Peace Fund and the Jubilee Medal of the World Peace Council, as well as honorary awards in several foreign countries.

Aliyeva was born in the Khunzakhsky District. She died in Makhachkala, Dagestan, Russia on January 1, 2016, from heart failure at the age of 83.


Joseph Brooks

Joseph Brooks, born Joseph Kaplan (March 11, 1938 – May 22, 2011), and also known as Joe Brooks or Joey Brooks, was an American composer, director, producer, and screenwriter. He was born in Manhattan, New York.

He was a known writer of advertising jingles and wrote the hit songs "My Ship Is Comin' In", "If Ever I See You Again", and "You Light Up My Life", he later composed the hit movie of the same name which he also wrote, directed, and produced. He won a Grammy Award, Golden Globe Award and an Academy Award for it.

In his later years he became the subject of an investigation after being accused of a series of casting-couch rapes. He was indicted in 2009. On May 22, 2011, before he could be brought to trial, Brooks committed suicide in his Upper East Side, Manhattan home by placing a bag over his head with a hose from a helium tank connected to it. He was 73 years old. On May 23, 2011, the medical examiner ruled that Brooks had committed suicide, citing asphyxia by helium.


John Patrick (dramatist)

John Patrick (May 17, 1905 – November 7, 1995) was an American playwright and screenwriter. He won the Pulitzer Prize for his works in 1954. He was known for his works "The Curious Savage" (1950), "The World of Suzie Wong" (1960), and "The Teahouse of the August Moon" (1953). He was born in Louisville, Kentucky.

Patrick was found dead with a plastic bag over his head at his home in Delray Beach, Florida at the age of 90.


Horton Foote

Albert Horton Foote, Jr. (March 14, 1916 – March 4, 2009) was an American playwright and screenwriter. He was best known for his screenplays for the 1962 movei "To Kill a Mockingbird" and the 1983 movie "Tender Mercies". He was born in Wharton, Texas. He won two Academy Awards (1962, 1983), a Pulitzer Prize (1995) and an Emmy Award (1997).

Foote died of natural causes in Hartford, Connecticut at the age of 92.


When We Were Young (Adele song)

"When We Were Young" is a song by English singer-songwriter Adele from her third studio album, "25". The song is the fourth track on the album. It has reached the top fifteen on the US "Billboard" Hot 100. The song reached the top ten in the UK and Canada. It is the second single from "25", after "Hello".

The song is similar to "Hello" because it is influenced by soul music, except "When We Were Young" has a slower tempo. It discusses the theme of youth and remembering the times of one's youth.


Adele first performed the song live on "Adele at the BBC", which was recorded at The London Studios on 2 November 2015 and broadcast on BBC One on 20 November. She performed the song on "Saturday Night Live" on 22 November. Adele also performed the song on "Adele Live in New York City", which was recorded at a one-night-only show at Radio City Music Hall on 17 November and broadcast on NBC on 14 December. A version of the song was filmed live at The Church Studios, where much of "25" was recorded, and released via Vevo. Adele performed "When We Were Young" as the closing song on the 2016 Brit Awards in London. At Glastonbury Festival 2016, Adele performed this song the live for over 135,000 people.

Barbara Rush

Barbara Rush (born January 4, 1927) is an American stage, movie, and television actress. She is known for her roles in "It Came from Outer Space!", "Bigger Than Life", "When Worlds Collide", "The Young Philadelphians", and "Robin and the Seven Hoods". She also appeared on television shows such as "Peyton Place", "Batman", "All My Children", "7th Heaven" and "Knight Rider". She won a Golden Globe Award in 1954.


Tension pneumothorax

A tension pneumothorax is when air builds up inside the chest. So much air builds up that one or both lungs may collapse. This causes serious breathing problems. Also, the air in the chest pushes on the heart and other important parts of the body, and causes other serious problems. If it is not treated quickly, a tension pneumothorax will kill a person.

A tension pneumothorax usually happens because of an injury to the chest. For example, a knife or gunshot wound will cause a hole in a person's chest. Air then gets sucked in through that hole. The air starts to build up. It pushes on the lungs. If the knife or gun has also caused a hole in the person's lung, air will leak out of the lung. That air will also build up in the chest. When enough air is pushing on the lung, the lung will collapse.

A tension pneumothorax can also happen because of other kinds of chest injury, like from a car accident or a fall. When a person gets injured this way, there may not be any hole in his chest. But inside the body, the person may be bleeding badly. Instead of air, blood builds up in the chest. It pushes on the lung and makes it collapse. This is called a "hemothorax".

Once a person's lung collapses, they will have trouble breathing. As air or blood keeps building up in the chest, the person's symptoms will keep getting worse.

The air or blood in the chest will push against and squeeze the heart. This can cause serious problems. If the heart is squeezed too much, it cannot fill with blood very well. This means it does not have enough blood to pump to the rest of the body. Every part of the body needs blood to survive. If the heart cannot pump enough blood to the body, other parts of the body can start to die.

Pressure in the chest can also squeeze the vena cavae, the big veins that bring blood from the body back to the heart. If the vena cavae are squeezed too tightly, blood will not be able to get into the heart. This means the heart will not have enough blood to pump to the lungs or the rest of the body.

If a person bleeds enough into their chest, they can go into shock and die from blood loss.

If enough pressure builds up in the chest, the other lung can collapse, too. If both lungs have collapsed, there will be no way for the person to breathe.

A tension pneumothorax will cause some other symptoms. For example:

A tension pneumothorax always needs emergency medical treatment. If a person may have a tension pneumothorax (or has any bad injury to the chest), 911 or another emergency telephone number should be called right away. The emergency medical dispatcher will be able to explain how to help the person until an ambulance gets there.

Emergency medical technicians (EMTs) or paramedics may give these treatments for a tension pneumothorax:

At the hospital, a patient with a tension pneumothorax will be given a chest tube. This is a tube that is placed into the chest so that air or blood can get out and does not build up inside. If the person has bled a lot into their chest, they may also get blood transfusions.


Raoul Walsh

Raoul A. Walsh (March 11, 1887December 31, 1980) was an American film director and actor. He also founded the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences. He was known for playing the part of John Wilkes Booth in the movie "The Birth of a Nation" (1915). He also directed films like "The Big Trail" (1930) starring John Wayne, "High Sierra" (1941) starring Ida Lupino and Humphrey Bogart, and "White Heat" (1949) with James Cagney and Edmond O'Brien.

Walsh died on December 31,1980 and is buried in Ventura County, California.

Joanna Angel

Joanna Angel, born as "Joanna Mostov", (born December 25, 1980) is an American alternative pornographic and mainstream actress, director, writer of adult movies, and former stripper.

Angel was born in Brooklyn, New York to an Orthodox Jewish family. She was raised in River Edge, New Jersey, and studied at Rutgers University.

She became famous for creating an adult dating website called BurningAngel. Following the success of Burning Angel, Angel has been featured in numerous magazines and newspapers, including "The New York Times". She has appeared in over 150 adult movies and has directed over 50 adult movies.

Angel dated fellow porn star James Deen for six years. On December 2, 2015, Angel appeared on The Jason Ellis Show to give more details about her "violent and scary" six-year relationship with Deen. 

Angel is a Democrat. In 2015, she endorsed Bernie Sanders for President of the United States in the upcoming 2016 U.S. presidential election.


Lasse Pöysti

Lasse Erik Pöysti (24 January 1927 – 5 April 2019) was a Finnish actor, director, theatre manager and writer. He has acted both in Finnish and Swedish language.
Pöysti began his career as a child actor. He was known for his role in the movie "Suomisen Perhe" (1941). He also appeared on stage mostly on Strindberg plays "Gustav III" () and "Erik XIV".

He played his last role at theatre stage in Helsinki City Theatre at the age of 85.

From 1952 to 1984, he was married to actress Birgitta Ulfsson.


Flag of New Zealand

The flag of New Zealand was adopted in 1907. It has the Union Flag of the United Kingdom in the upper left quarter, and the Southern Cross on a blue ground. it picks up the country's position as an island in a southern ocean, and its British heritage.

There was a referendum going on to find a replacement flag in 2015. New Zealanders voted to keep the original flag and not change it.

Tove Jansson

Tove Marika Jansson (; 9 August 1914 – 27 June 2001) was a Finnish-born novelist, painter, illustrator and comic strip author. For her contribution as a children's writer she received the Hans Christian Andersen Medal in 1966.

Jansson is best known as the author of the "Moomin" books for children. The first such book, "The Moomins and the Great Flood", appeared in 1945, though it was the next two books, "Comet in Moominland" and "Finn Family Moomintroll", published in 1946 and 1948 respectively, that brought her fame.

Jansson died in Helsinki, Finland from natural causes at the age of 86.


Multiple organ dysfunction syndrome

Multiple organ dysfunction syndrome (MODS), previously known as multiple organ failure (MOF), Total organ failure(TOF) or multisystem organ failure (MSOF), is when the organ function is acutely ill and the patient is requires medical intervention to achieve homeostasis. It usually involves two or more organ systems.

The use of "multiple organ failure" or "multisystem organ failure" should be avoided since that phrase was based upon physiological parameters to determine whether or not a particular organ was failing.

The condition usually results from infection, injury (accident, surgery), hypoperfusion and hypermetabolism. The primary cause triggers an uncontrolled inflammatory response. Sepsis is the most common cause in operative and non-operative patients. Sepsis may result in septic shock.

Four clinical phases have been suggested:


Crested serpent eagle

The crested serpent eagle ("Spilornis cheela") is a medium-sized bird of prey. It is found in forested habitats across tropical Asia. It is found in a wide range across the Indian Subcontinent, Southeast Asia and East Asia. There are a number of variations and some authorities prefer to treat several of its subspecies as completely separate species. In the past, several species including the Philippine serpent eagle ("S. holospila"), Andaman serpent eagle ("S. elgini") and South Nicobar serpent eagle ("S. klossi") were treated as subspecies of the Crested serpent eagle.

All members within the species complex have a large looking head with long feathers on the back of the head giving them a crested appearance. The face is bare and yellow joining up with the beak. Its powerful feet are unfeathered and heavily scaled. They fly over the forest canopy on broad wings and their tails have wide white and black bars. They call often with a loud, piercing and familiar three or two-note call.

This raptor sits motionless from a high perch watching for prey. When prey is found it drops almost straight down to pounce. They often feed on snakes, giving them their name and are placed along with the "Circaetus" snake-eagles in the subfamily "Circaetinae". In addition to snakes it catches reptiles as well as small mammals and birds. It will take a dead snake whenever it finds one. They are often seen soaring over their territory in pairs. In Japan they are usually found very close to forest edges and wet marshlands.

Crested serpent eagles are apex predators and at the top of their food chain. They are a good indicator of the health of the ecosystem they occupy. They control snake populations and also those of other small mammals and reptiles. They are a common sight in places such as India. The species is not globally threatened. On most lists they are of least concern.

Nimr al-Nimr

Nimr Baqr al-Nimr (‎; 1959 – 2 January 2016), better known as Sheikh Nimr, was a Saudi Shia Sheikh and human rights activist. He was a Sheikh from around 2008 until his death. He was one of the best known Shia clerics in Saudi Arabia. In July 2012, he was arrested by Saudi police and shot in the leg. He was put on trial for terrorism charges and sentenced to death in October 2014.

Al-Nimr was born in Al-Awamiyah, Qatif. He studied for about ten years in Tehran, Iran and also studied in Syria.

Al-Nimr was among the prisoners killed by beheading in a mass execution on 2 January 2016. He was 56.

Scale insect

The scale insects are small bugs of the order Hemiptera. They are the superfamily Coccoidea. There are about 8,000 described species of scale insects. They are ectoparasites of plants, like most bugs. They sit on the outside of plants, stick their mouthparts inside, and suck up the plant sap.

Adult female scales usually do not move: they are permanently attached to the plant they have parasitized. They secrete a waxy coating for defence. The coating makes them look like fish scales, hence their common name.

Males and females are quite different form each other. This is sexual dimorphism. Female scale insects keep their juvenile shape even when sexually mature (a condition known as neoteny). Adult males usually have wings (depending on their species) but never feed, and die within a day or two.

The details of their reproductive systems vary greatly between species. Three types of hermaphroditism are known, and at least seven forms of parthenogenesis.

Their young, known as crawlers, lose the use of their legs if they are female, and stay put for life. Only the males keep their legs and use them in seeking females for mating.

Many scale insects are serious crop pests. The waxy covering protects them from contact insecticides. However, scales may be controlled. Horticultural oils suffocate them, and systemic pesticides poison the sap of the host plants. Biological control agents such as tiny parasitoid wasps and Coccinellid beetles also work on them. 
Insecticidal soap may also be used against scales. 

Brihadeshwara Temple

Brihadeshwara is a Hindu temple dedicated to Shiva, also called as Peruvudaiyār Kōvil temple. It is located on the south side of Kaveri river in Thanjavur in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu. It is also known as "Periya Kovil", "amarnath RP Temple" and "Rajarajeswaram". It is one of the largest temples in India. Peruvudaiyaar Kovil is an example of Tamil architecture from the Chola period. It was built by Tamil King Raja Raja Chola I and completed in 1010 AD. The temple turned 1000 years old in 2010. The temple is part of the UNESCO World Heritage Site known as the "Great Living Chola Temples", along with Brihadeeswara Temple, Gangaikonda Cholapuram and Airavatesvara temple.

The temple has fortified walls that were probably added in the 16th century. The "vimanam" (temple tower) is high and is the tallest in the world. The "Kumbam" (the apex or the bulbous structure on the top) of the temple is carved out of a single rock and weighs around 80 tons. There is a big statue of Nandi (sacred bull), carved out of a single rock measuring about long and high at the entrance. The entire temple structure is made out of granite.

The nearest sources of which are about 60 km to the west of temple. The temple is one of the most visited tourist attractions in Tamil Nadu. the temple consists of nandi mandapa, a pillared potico and an assembly hall, all interconnected.

A study in Oriental architecture or history is certainly incomplete without a mention of the Tanjore Brihadeeshwara Temple or the Tanjore Periya Kovil (Big Temple).

This imposing structure was built by Raja Raja Cholan and his sister Kundavai, both ardent devotees of Lord Shiva. It was constructed by the King at the height of the Chola reign to signify his power and strength. Here are a few facts not known about this Chola temple of Thanjavur:

a) The original name of the deity was Rajarajeshwar. It was the Marathas who gave it the name Brihadeeshwara or the Great Ishwara.

b) The main temple is entirely built of granite. More than 130,000 tons of granite is said to have been used to build it.

c) A long associated myth with this temple temple is that the shadow of the main structure does not fall on the ground. However, this has been proven wrong by scientists.

d) The statue of Nandi at the entrance of the temple is carved out of a single stone.

e) The main Vimanam, which is at about 200 feet is often called Dakshin Meru or Southern Meru.

f) The inspiration to build the temple came to Raja Raja Cholan during his visit to Sri Lanka and is a result of a dream he had.

g) The temple has a portrait of Raja Raja Cholan paying obeisance to Lord Natarajar. This is undoubtedly, the first ever instance of a royal portrait.

h) Inscriptions in the temple point towards Kunjara Mallan Raja Raja Perunthachan as the chief architect of the temple. His successors survive to this day and practice the art of Vastu or Vastu Shastra.

i) Depictions of nartakis or dancers showing eighty one of hundred and eight karanas (synchronised movements of hands and feet) in Bharata Natyam are carved here. These karanas are a part of karanas mentioned in the Natya Shastra of Bharata Muni or Sage Bharata. There is also evidence that the temple was a platform for talented dancers to showcase their talent. These depictions are first of their kind.

j) The inscriptions also mention the different kinds of jewels used in the period. Each of these jewels are mentioned in detail. A total of twenty three different types of pearls, eleven varieties of diamonds and rubies are mentioned in these inscriptions.

k)The earliest design plan of the temple date back to 921 AD indicating this took multiple generations to complete.

What astounds historians is that there was not a single granite quarry in about 100 km radius of the temple. This means that transporting these stones would have been a herculean task. But Raja Raja Cholan insisted on the use of these stones. All of these features make this Chola temple of Tanjore, a magnum opus of the Chola reign.

Brihadeeswarar temple is one of the few temples that have Ashta-dikpaalakas (Guardians of the directions) idols. Chola frescoes adorn the wall of the temple and these frescoes depict Shiva in different poses. Brihadeeswarar temple is the first complete granite temple in the world. Around 60,000 tons of granite is said to be used to build the temple.

Brihadeeswarar temple, also known as the Tanjore big temple expounds the number of alphabets in Tamil by the distance and height it is designed.

Tamil is a language that has totally 247 Tamil letters which are assorted as

Uyir Ezhuthu(Soul Letters) - 12

Mei Ezhuthu(Body Letters) - 18

Uyir-Mei Ezhuthu(Soul-Body Letters) - 216

Ayutha Ezhuthu - 1

The height of Gopuram is 216 feet = The number of letters in Uyir Mei Ezhuthu(216)

The height of Lord Shiva in the form of Lingam* inside the temple is 12 feet = The number of letters in Uyir Ezhuthu(12)

The height of Sivalinga peedam** is 18 feet = The number of letters in Mei Ezhuthu (18)

The distance between the Sivalingam and the Nandhi is 247 feet = The total number of Tamil letters present that includes Ayutha Ezhuthu(247)

Emlyon Business School

Emlyon Business School is a French business school. It was founded in Lyon, France in 1872. The school also has campuses in Saint-Étienne, France, in Shanghai, China, Bhubaneshwar and Mumbai in India. The newest campus opened in 2015 in Casablanca, Morocco. Emlyon is well-known for its entrepreneurnship academic degrees.

Emlyon is specialist in the fields of economics, social sciences and management. The Financial Times ranked it #14 in Europe.


Aloha (movie)

Aloha is a 2015 American romantic comedy-drama movie. It was directed by Cameron Crowe and it was produced by Cameron Crowe and Scott Rudin. "Aloha" was released on May 29, 2015.
The movie got negative reviews from critics. It has a 20% rating on Rotten Tomatoes. "Aloha" was also a box office bomb and only made $26.3 million from its $37 million budget. "The Hollywood Reporter" estimated that the movies financial losses were close to $65 million by the time the movie ended its run in theatres.

The movie was criticized by Media Action Network for Asian-Americans for "whitewashing" the cast. Director Cameron Crowe said in a response: "I have heard your words and your disappointment, and I offer you a heart-felt apology to all who felt this was an odd or misguided casting choice. As far back as 2007, Captain Allison Ng was written to be a super-proud one quarter Hawaiian who was frustrated that, by all outward appearances, she looked nothing like one. A half-Chinese father was meant to show the surprising mix of cultures often prevalent in Hawaii. Extremely proud of her unlikely heritage, she feels personally compelled to over-explain every chance she gets. The character was based on a real-life, red-headed local who did just that." Emma Stone said that whitewashing was a problem in Hollywood and that she regretted being miscast.


Ardhendu Bhushan Bardhan

Ardhendu Bhushan Bardhan (25 September 1924 – 2 January 2016) was an Indian communist politician. He was the general secretary of the Communist Party of India (CPI) from 1996 until 2012.

Bardhan was born in Barisal, Bengal Presidency, British India (now in Bangladesh). His wife died in 1986. They had two children.

Bardhan had a paralytic stroke in December 2015. He died on 2 January 2016 in New Delhi, aged 91.

Thanat Khoman

Thanat Khoman (also Thanad; ; ; May 9, 1914 – March 3, 2016) was a Thai former diplomat and politician. He was Foreign Minister from 1959 to 1971, chairman of the Democrat Party from 1979 to 1982, and Deputy Prime Minister from 1980 to 1982.

He and foreign ministers of 4 other countries, were responsible for starting ASEAN.

Khoman died in Bangkok, Thailand of respiratory failure on March 3, 2016 at the age of 101.

Richard F. Gordon Jr.

Richard Francis "Dick" Gordon, Jr. (October 5, 1929 – November 6, 2017), (Capt, USN, Ret.), was an American former naval officer and aviator, chemist, test pilot, and NASA astronaut. He was one of only 24 people to have flown to the Moon, as the Command Module Pilot for the Apollo 12 mission. He was born in Seattle, Washington.

Gordon, Jr. died on November 6, 2017 at his home in San Marcos, California at the age of 88.


Alan Bean

Alan LaVern Bean (March 15, 1932 – May 26, 2018), (Capt, USN, Ret.), was an American former naval officer and aviator, aeronautical engineer, test pilot, and NASA astronaut. 

He was the fourth person to walk on the Moon. He was selected to become an astronaut by NASA in 1963 as part of Astronaut Group 3. He made his first flight into space aboard Apollo 12, the second manned mission to land on the Moon, at the age of thirty-seven years in November 1969.

Bean died at a hospital in Houston, Texas on May 26, 2018 from a short-illness at the age of 86.


Lewis Millett

Lewis Lee Millett Sr. (December 15, 1920 – November 14, 2009) was an American military person. He was a United States Army officer who received the Medal of Honor during the Korean War for leading the last major American bayonet charge. Millett was born in Mechanic Falls, Maine. He later served in the Vietnam War as well. He retired from the Army in 1973.

Millett died in Loma Linda, California from congestive heart failure at the age of 88. He was buried with full military honors in Riverside National Cemetery in Riverside, California.

Gilbert Kaplan

Gilbert Edmund Kaplan (March 3, 1941 – January 1, 2016) was an American businessman, journalist and conductor. He was born in New York City, New York. He founded the magazine "Institutional Investor" in 1967. He was publisher of the magazine until 1990, and editor-in-chief for two more years, although he sold it in 1984.

Kaplan died of cancer on January 1, 2016 at the age of 74.


Gabrielle Anwar

Gabrielle Anwar (born 4 February 1970) is an English actress. She played Margaret Tudor on "The Tudors". She also played "The Tango Girl" in "Scent of a Woman". She later played Fiona in the television series "Burn Notice".

Anwar was born in Laleham, Surrey, England.

Ian Pieris

Ian Pieris (14 March 1933 – 1 January 2016) was a Sri Lankan first-class cricketer. He was born in Colombo, Sri Lanka. He was an important figure in Sri Lankan sports. He was a former president of Sri Lanka Cricket (1989, 1990-1991).

Pieris also had a long cricket career playing as a top-order batsman for St. Thomas' College and as a right-arm opening bowler for Singhalese Sports Club, Cambridge University and All-Ceylon. He retired from sports activities in 2003 due to health problems. 

Pieris died at the age of 82 in Colombo, Sri Lanka from a long illness.


Frances Cress Welsing

Frances Cress Welsing (Frances Luella Cress; March 18, 1935 – January 2, 2016) was an American afrocentrist and psychiatrist. She was born in Chicago, Illinois. Welsing is known for her views on white supremacy. According to Welsing, White people are the result of genetic mutation and are the children of Africans. She is the author of the well-known "The Isis Papers" (1991).

Welsing suffered a stroke on January 1, 2016. She was placed under critical condition at a Washington, D.C.-area hospital. Welsing died a few hours later on the morning of January 2, 2016. She was 80 years old.


Steve Gohouri

Lohoré Steve Ulrich Gohouri (8 February 1981 – December 2015), better known as Steve Gohouri, was an Ivorian professional footballer. He played as a defender from 1998 until his death. He played for Paris Saint-Germain, Vaduz, BSC Young Boys, Borussia Mönchengladbach, Wigan Athletic, Maccabi Tel Aviv and Bologna.

Gohouri was born in Treichville, Abidjan.

Gohouri went missing in December 2015 in Germany. He was found dead on 31 December 2015 in the river Rhine. His death was announced on 2 January 2016. He was 34.


Trypophobia

Trypophobia is a fear of an irregular pattern of holes or bumps. 

Some people feel the holes are "disgusting and gross." Others feel nauseated and itchy, have panic attacks, sweat or feel their heart pound. It may be that some brain responses associate the holes with danger.

Roland Alpha Juno

Roland Alpha Juno is a series of synthesizer keyboards. They were made by the Roland Corporation from 1985 to 1986. Two main models were released: the Alpha Juno 1 (JU-1) (1985–1986) and the Alpha Juno 2 (JU-2) (1985–1986).

The JU-2 added one octave of notes and a slot for cartridges.

Decathlon

A decathlon is a sporting event. It has ten track and field events. The combined events are: 100 meters, 400 meters, 1500 meters, 110 meters hurdles, long jump, high jump, pole vault, discus throw, javelin throw and shot put.

The word "decathlon" comes from the Greek language. It has two parts; δέκα ("déka", meaning "ten") and ἄθλος ("áthlos", or ἄθλον, "áthlon", meaning "feat").

Naan

Naan bread is a type of bread made with flour. It is a flatbread that is baked in a tandoor. Naan bread often looks like a tear drop. It is often covered in herbs and spices such as garlic to change the taste.

Naan bread is made from basic bread ingredients like wheat flour, a leavening agent (either yeast, yogurt, baking powder, or all), salt, and butter or ghee. It also is made with yogurt and milk. The yogurt is what makes naan bread taste so much different than other kinds of bread.


Laundry

Laundry is the washing of clothing. Laundry is often done in a special room called a "laundry room". Some shared homes have shared laundry rooms. Businesses that wash clothes are called laundromats or launderettes.

Laundry is done by washing with soap and water or detergent and water. The clothing is stirred roughly in the soapy water, and then moved to be rinsed in clean water. Washing can be done by hand or with a washing machine. The clothing is dried in a clothes dryer or on a clothesline. Sometimes after the clothes are dry, they are ironed or pressed.

Clothes dryer

A clothes dryer or tumble dryer is a machine that is used to remove water from clothing after it is washed. A dryer has a rotating cylinder called a "drum' that holds clothes and lets hot air in to evaporate the water. Then the heated air and water vapor exit through a vent. The drum spins so that the clothing stays apart making the hot air work better. Dryers can use electricity to both operate the machine and create heat to dry the clothes. Others use natural gas to create the heat.

Ventless clothes dryers work differently since they cannot vent the hot air. The two types of ventless dryers are condensation dryers and heat pump dryers. Condensation dryers heat the air the same as a regular dryer, but use a heat exchanger. The air is cooled and the water goes down a drain. A heat pump dryer works similarly but passes the air a heat pump. The water either goes down the drain or into a collection tank.

Storyboard

A storyboard is a way of planning animated films, movies, or television shows. A storyboard shows examples of what the artist wants to make before they are animated. It also lets artists organize their stories before they start to make the animation. Storyboarding, in the form it is known today, was developed at Walt Disney Productions. It was first used in the 1928 animated short film, "Plane Crazy"." The 1939 movie "Gone with the Wind" was the first to be completely storyboarded.

<br>

Margaret Tudor

Margaret Tudor (28 November 1489 – 18 October 1541) was the wife of James IV of Scotland. She was Queen Consort of Scotland from 1503 until James IV died in 1513. After that, she was regent for their son James V. Margaret and James IV were grandparents of Mary, Queen of Scots.

Margaret was born at Westminster Palace. She was the oldest surviving daughter of Henry VII of England and Elizabeth of York.

In 1514, Margaret married Archibald Douglas, 6th Earl of Angus. Margaret and Douglas were grandparents of Lord Darnley, the second husband of Mary, Queen of Scots. Margaret's great-grandson, King James VI of Scotland, became the king of England and Ireland after Elizabeth I of England died in 1603.


Byzantine calendar

The Byzantine calendar was a calendar used by the Eastern Orthodox Church from the year 691 A.D. to 1728. It was also used by the Byzantine empire from 988 A.D. to 1453, when the empire fell, and by Russia from 988 A.D. to 1700. The Byzantine calendar is like the Julian calendar, but the year starts on 1 September instead of 1 January. Year one of the Byzantine calendar is from 1 September, 5509 B.C. to 31 August, 5508 B.C.

The Great Schism, dated to 1054, created two religions from what was formerly one. The Western part later became the Roman Catholic Church. The Eastern part is known as the Eastern Orthodox Church. At that time the Roman Catholic church used the Julian calendar. In 1453 the Byzantine Empire collapsed ending the use of their calendar. But others still used it, notably Russia. Numbering differences began to appear when the Gregorian calendar was introduced in 1582 by Pope Gregory XIII.

The Roman calendar did not include dates for Old Testament prophets. The Byzantine calendar does.

Peter the great became tsar of Russia in 1682. At the time the Russians used a form of the Julian calendar with Byzantine influence. The calendar year started on 1 September and not 1 January. The years were numbered from the date given as earth's creation and not from the birth of Christ. Peter changed the calendar to start on January 1 and numbered the years from Christ's birth. But he continued basing the calendar on the Julian system instead of the Gregorian calendar. By the early 1800s the Russian calendar was 12 days behind the Gregorian calendar used by western Europe. So dating something between the two systems became a problem. Dating notations such as 1 March O.S. (meaning Old Style, Julian or Russian) were used. Another example is 16 May 1582 N.S. (New Style or Gregorian calendar). Other notations included both: 25 October/6 November 1917, trying to show how the same day appeared in different calendars. 

On 1 January 1700, by decree of Peter the Great, the Russian/Byzantine calendar was no longer used.

Loopback

The loopback address is a computing term that is a special IP address of a computer's ethernet network. It is used to allow software on a computer to send information to the same computer using the TCP/IP stack. The special IP address is known as 127.0.0.1 (IPv4) or 0:0:0:0:0:0:0:1 (::1, IPv6).

Dryer

A dryer can be:


File allocation table

A file allocation table (FAT) is a way that computers look up stored data on a storage device. These include floppy disks, USB flash drives, SD cards and other high capacity storage devices. 

A FAT is a list of clusters that show where a computer file is stored. These clusters are not necessarily right next to each other but can be scattered over the disk or storage medium. The FAT is always located in the first few clusters of a storage device.There are always two identical copies, one being a backup of the other.

The FAT file system is a legacy file system that is both simple and robust. It works well even in lightweight uses. But it cannot deliver the same speed, reliability and scalability as some modern file systems. It is, however, supported for compatibility reasons by nearly all currently developed operating systems for personal computers. It is also supported by many mobile devices and embedded systems. That makes it a well suited format for data exchange between computers and devices of almost any type and age from 1981 up to the present.

It was originally designed in 1977 for use on floppy disks. FAT was soon adapted and used almost universally on hard disks throughout the DOS and Windows 9x eras for two decades. As disk drives improved, the capabilities of the file system have been extended accordingly. This has resulted in three major file system variants: FAT12, FAT16 and FAT32. The FAT standard has also been expanded in other ways while generally preserving backward compatibility with existing software.

With the introduction of more powerful computers and operating systems FAT is no longer the default file system for use on Microsoft Windows computers.

FAT file systems are still commonly found on floppy disks, USB sticks, flash and other solid-state memory cards. DCF uses FAT as the standard file system for digital cameras. FAT is also utilized in the boot stage of EFI-compliant computers.


Cheque

A cheque (or "check") is a paper used to give money from one person or business to another person or business. To the person getting the cheque, it is a paper that allows them to go to a bank and get money. To the person writing the cheque, it is a promise to pay the bank that is giving the money to the person who turned the cheque in.

Cheques must be written to a person or business. A cheque that is not written to anyone can be very bad because if it is lost, anyone who finds it can get the money. A cheque that is written to a person but does not have the amount of money written is a blank cheque.

Cheques have been used since over a thousand years ago. However, they became popular in the 20th century for paying money without using cash.

The four main parts of a cheque are:
When more people started to use cheques, more things were added to make them more secure and easy to track. They started to require the drawer's signature to be confirmed. The signature on a cheque is the main way to tell if a cheque is real. Cheques also started to need the amount written in words and numbers. This made it harder to make mistakes and harder to change the cheque after it was already written.

Issue dates have also been added to cheques. A cheque is invalid if a long time has passed since the issue date. A cheque with an issue date in the past is called an antedated cheque. A cheque with an issue date in the future is called a post-dated cheque. Usually, a person cannot get money from a post-dated cheque until after the issue date has passed.

Cheque numbers are also used often. Every cheque has a different cheque number. This is to make sure people can't get money twice from one cheque.

Michel Delpech

Jean-Michel Delpech (26 January 1946 – 2 January 2016), better known as Michel Delpech, was a French singer-songwriter and actor. He began his career in 1964. He released thirteen albums and over 50 singles. He appeared in the movie "The Beloved" (2011).

Delph was born in Courbevoie, Hauts-de-Seine. He was married to Chantal Simon until their divorce in 1976. He later married Geneviève Garnier-Fabre in 1985. He had three children.

Delph died from throat cancer on 2 January 2016 in Puteaux. He was 69.

Gisela Mota Ocampo

Gisela Raquel Mota Ocampo (13 March 1982 – 2 January 2016) was a Mexican politician. She was a member of the Party of the Democratic Revolution (PRD). She was the mayor of Temixco from 1 January 2016 until her death the next day. She was born in Temixco, Morelos.

Mota Ocampo was shot dead at her home on 2 January 2016 in Pueblo Viejo, aged 33.

City of Bones

City of Bones is the first novel of Cassandra Clare. It was first published March 27, 2007 in United States by Simon & Schuester, who publishes her other works as well. This is the first book of her main series "The Mortal Instruments."

Cassandra Clare was a fanfiction author, publishing her Harry Potter and Lord of the Rings stories online. One day, in 2004, a friend of hers took her to a tattoo shop, where she saw those footprints in the ceiling, and after that, she started developing the story of race of warriors, called Shadowhunters, who were burdened with the job to protect humans from demons. 
After some rejections, in 2007 Cassandra could get her book to be published by the name of City of Bones, by Simon & Schuester, in the US. Her books have been published and have been bestsellers throughout the years. In UK, her publisher is Walker Books.

Marcel Barbeau

Marcel Christian Barbeau (February 18, 1925 – January 2, 2016) was a Canadian artist. His best known works are "Fenêtre sur l'avenir" and "Fenêtre sur l'avenir", both in Montreal.

Barbeau was born in Montreal, Quebec. He studied with Paul-Émile Borduas. In 1995, he was made an Officer of the Order of Canada. He was a member of the Royal Canadian Academy of Arts. He had two children. Barbeau died on January 2, 2016 at the age of 90.

Esperanto alphabet

The Esperanto alphabet is the alphabet which is used to write the Esperanto language. It has 28 (twenty-eight) letters.

The Esperanto alphabet is based on the Roman alphabet (which the English alphabet is also based on). Unlike the English alphabet, it does not have the letters "q", "w", "x" or "y", but it has 6 (six) letters that use a diacritic (a special mark above a letter): "ĉ", "ĝ", "ĥ", "ĵ", "ŝ" and "ŭ".

Because Esperanto uses letters with diacritics, there was (and sometimes still is) the need to write text in Esperanto even if the special letters are not available.

L. L. Zamenhof, the creator of Esperanto, proposed the so-called "h-system" ("h-sistemo" in Esperanto). Instead of diacritics, the letter "h" is added, with the only exception being "ŭ". For example, "ĝ" becomes "gh", "ĥ" becomes "hh" and "ŭ" becomes "u". Words which appear to have a diacritic but do not actually can be "broken" with a hyphen or an apostrophe. For example, "flughaveno" (airport) becomes "flug-haveno" or "flug'haveno".

Another system used to replace diacritics is the "x-system" ("x-sistemo" in Esperanto). The letter "x" is not used in the Esperanto alphabet, but it can be used to write diacritics. The x-system, unlike the h-system, does not treat ŭ differently from the other letters. For example, "ĝ" becomes "gx", "ĥ" becomes "hx" and "ŭ" becomes "ux". "flughaveno" remains the same, as there is no ambiguity.

The whole Esperanto alphabet is part of the Latin-3 and Unicode character sets, and it is included in WGL4. 
The code points and HTML entities for the special Esperanto characters in Unicode are:

Some people say that use of the diacritics (the letters ĉ, ĝ, ĥ, ĵ, ŝ, ŭ) makes the language less natural than it would be using only the basic letters of Latin alphabet. The letters ĉ, ĝ, ĥ, ĵ are not used in any other language in the world.

According to some people, the phonetic system of Esperanto is too similar to the Polish dialect of Białystok, home town of Zamenhof.

Several people consider using the Latin alphabet not to be neutral. In fact, many native languages on each continent (except for Antarctica) use the Latin alphabet to write: for example, German (Europe), Swahili (Africa), Vietnamese (Asia), Tahitian (Oceania), Cree (North America) and Apalaí (South America).

Bradycardia

Bradycardia (also called bradyarrhythmia) is a slow heart rate. In adults, bradycardia is defined as a heart rate that is under 60 beats per minute (bpm) while the person is resting. Bradycardia is a type of cardiac arrhythmia.

There are many types of bradycardia. Some are caused by problems with the heart. Bradycardia can also be caused by medicines, drugs, and many other things.

The symptoms of bradycardia depend on how slow the heart rate is and what kind of problem the heart is having. For most people, bradycardia is not a serious problem. But it can become a serious problem if it signals a major problem with the heart. Also, if bradycardia gets very bad, the heart will be unable to pump enough blood and oxygen to the body. Every part of the body needs blood and oxygen to survive. If bradycardia is bad enough, it can cause organ damage, brain damage, and death.


Matt Hobden

Matthew Edward "Matt" Hobden (27 March 1993 – 2 January 2016) was an English cricketer. He was a right-handed batsman and a right-arm fast-medium bowler. He played for Cardiff MCCU (2012–2013) and Sussex (2013–2016).

Hobden was born in Eastbourne, East Sussex. He was educated at Millfield School and Eastbourne College.

Hobden died after accidentally falling on 2 January 2016 in Forres, Scotland. He was 22.


Shigeji Kaneko

Shigeji Kaneko (, 13 August 1931 – 2 January 2016) was a Japanese featherweight boxer during the 1950s. He fought Gabriel "Flash" Elorde four times, winning them all. He was also a boxing promoter from the 1980s until the early 2000s. He was born in Tsubame, Niigata.

Shigeji died from progressive supranuclear palsy on 2 January 2016 in Tokyo. He was 84.


Precision (numbers)

In mathematics, precision describes the level of exactness in a number's digits. For example, the number 54.6 has precision 1 (one decimal digit). A number with end zeroes ("00") has a negative precision, such as 500 having precision -2, or 4,000 as precision -3. A whole number (not ending in "0") has precision 0.

The level of precision differs from the word "accuracy" of a number, which means the correctness or truth of a number as used to describe an item or count.

Acid2

The Acid2 test is a test of web browsers to see if they can show parts of the internet correctly. It uses CSS and HTML to put things in the right places. It uses the PNG format for the images it uses in the test. A company's web browser that works with the Acid2 test is able to show most of the internet correctly and is a modern web browser.

Folding@home

Folding@Home is a distributed computing project that helps doctors at Stanford University learn about and cure diseases. When parts of the human body do not work right, they make people sick. Folding@Home looks at the parts called proteins. When these proteins do not work right, they can make people sick with things like Alzheimer's, Mad Cow disease, and many types of cancer.

Folding@Home became more popular for a time during the COVID-19 pandemic and many personal computers had their folding@home Client set to fight the COVID disease.

The project uses the idle processing resources of thousands of personal computers around the world owned by volunteers who have installed the software on their systems. Instead of using an expensive supercomputer many user's computers can do the same work. The software was first available for the Sony PlayStation 3. It can also run in a Google Chrome window. It is now available for a wide variety of Android mobile devices.

Qualia

Qualia is a term philosophers use for bits of perception or subjective, conscious experience. It is in the field called the philosophy of psychology, or philosophy of mind.

Examples of qualia include the pain of a headache, the taste of wine, or the perceived redness of an evening sky. It is a separate bit of experience, different from thinking about propositions or stream of consciousness thought.

Daniel Dennett (b. 1942), American philosopher and cognitive scientist, says "qualia" is "an unfamiliar term for something that could not be more familiar to each of us: the ways things seem to us".

Stream of consciousness

Stream of consciousness refers to the flow of thoughts in the conscious mind. It was a term used by the American psychologist and philosopher William James in 1890. James said:

The idea (but not the term) had been noted before James, by the philosopher William Hamilton in his lectures of 1838/9. He described thought as "a series of acts all... connected".

A similar idea occurs in early Buddhist writings, and is sometimes called the mindstream.


Oscar Isaac

Oscar Isaac (born Óscar Isaac Hernández Estrada; March 9, 1979) is a Guatemalan - American actor. He is known for his lead film roles in the comedy-drama "Inside Llewyn Davis" (2013), for which he received a Golden Globe Award nomination, the crime drama "A Most Violent Year" (2014) and the science fiction thriller "Ex Machina" (2015). He had a role in the 2015 film "". He has also recorded music in Guatemala. He won a Golden Globe Award in 2016.

Vsto debuted in 1989 at the PvP (NjPW Crash) and carried on his career at NjPW.

Visto made a impact on showing up at WCW Monday Nitro in a battle royal.

Visto disappeared on WCW Monday Nitro and appeared on WCW Monday Nitro as Mincho .


Jeannie Mai

Jeannie Camtu Mai (born January 4, 1979) is an American television personality. She is a known fashion expert for the television series "How Do I Look?". She has been a presenter for the Miss Universe pageant as well. 

<br>

Alexandra Nilsson

Alexandra "Kissie" Nilsson (born Alexandra Barbara Nilsson, 18 April 1991) is a Swedish blogger and television personality. She has two siblings, who are younger than her. 

She started her blog in January 2007. In 2011, she had the most visited blog in Sweden with about 170,000 visitors. She also has a Youtube channel called Alexandra "Kissie" Nilsson. It has very many subscribers.

In late summer of 2010, Kissie tried to start a career in music by recording a song, called "Success". It was released a month later. However, the song didn't get very much attention, and most of her readers didn't buy the song. That caused the website that sold "Success" to shut down two weeks after it's publicity.

In autumn 2010, Kissie and her friend were traveling to a Swedish city called Västerås, where they were going to host DJ at a nightclub. She said on her blog that she would meet her readers at the train station, but when she got there, she was attacked by some readers who threw some eggs and flour at her.

Svetlana Alexievich

Svetlana Alexandrovna Alexievich (born 31 May 1948 in Ukraine) is a Belarusian investigative journalist and non-fiction writer who writes in the Russian language. She won a Nobel Prize in Literature in 2015.

Honda CR-V

The Honda CR-V is a compact SUV, manufactured since 1997 by Honda. It was loosely based on the Honda Civic. It debuted in Japan in 1996. 

In 1997 the five-passenger compact utility vehicle was introduced in North America. At first it was available only as a four-wheel drive model. It was powered by a 126-horsepower 2.0-liter four-cylinder engine. Honda first began producing the CR-V in Sayama, Japan, and Swindon, UK, for worldwide markets. It added North American manufacturing sites in East Liberty, Ohio, in 2007; El Salto, Jalisco, Mexico, in late 2007; and Alliston, Ontario, Canada, in 2012. 

The CR-V also is produced in Wuhan (Hubei province) for the Chinese market by the Dongfeng Honda Automobile Company. They are a joint venture with Dongfeng Motor Corporation. The CR-V is Honda's second smallest utility vehicle, slotting between the smaller HR-V and the larger Pilot. In 2015 the CR-V was named "Motor Trend" SUV of the year.

Piña colada

A piña colada is a special kind of mixed cocktail. It is usually made of rum, coconut cream, and pineapple juice. It is usually served either blended or shaken with ice. It may be garnished with either a pineapple wedge, a maraschino cherry, or both. Piña colada is the national drink of Puerto Rico. 

There are many claims to be the first to invent the piña colada. Bartender Ramon “Monchito” Marrero is claimed to be the inventor over fifty years ago by the Puerto Rican government. But there are three places in Puerto Rico that claim to be the home of the Piña Colada. There was also a version made in Cuba as early as 1922.

Griot

A griot or Jeli is a West African historian, storyteller, musician, genealogist, spokesperson, diplomat, teacher, praise-singer and more. There is really no word in the English language that fully explains what a griot does. Not every griot does all these things, but these are some examples of what their function is. 

A griot was a public servant, an artist, and a royal counselor. His fate depended on the prosperity and survival of the king or queen he served. He preserved the oral history of his tribe or people. In the Caribbean and the Americas he was the link to their African culture and history. The griot was the only person that could keep their past history in Africa alive. Troubadour and poet, diplomat and diviner only begin to describe his functions. Each clan, village, and warrior-family had a griot. They kept track of all births, marriages, deaths, battles and other tribal histories. Griots were also said to have the ability to see one's future. They could memorize the history of every member of a clan or tribe going back for centuries.

The position of a griot was traditionally passed down from father to son. A griot was born into and trained by a griot family. For those not born into griot families, sometimes there was a master griot who taught the arts associated with the position. Today there are state-sponsored and private schools that teach griot arts. But they focus on the musical aspects and not the verbal skills.



Internet Assigned Numbers Authority

The Internet Assigned Numbers Authority (IANA) is a department of ICANN. IANA is a nonprofit corporation that handles many Internet-related symbols and numbers.

IANA is in charge of allocating numbers like IP addresses used in Internet protocols. These protocols are published in Request for Comments (RFC) documents. IANA works with the Internet Engineering Task Force (IETF) and the RFC editorial team.

Assigning IP addresses and domain names needs more administration. IANA delegates these to smaller administrations because of the many layers involved.

IANA gives IP addresses in blocks to regional internet registries (RIRs). Each RIR assigns addresses for a different part of the world. All the RIRs formed the Number Resource Organization to coordinate with each other.

RIRs split their address pools into smaller chunks and give them to Internet service providers in their region. IANA assigns addresses with a /8 prefix for IPv4. It also assigns IPv6 addresses with /23 and /12 prefixes. These IPv6 addresses come from the 2000::/3 IPv6 address block. Because IPv4 addresses have run out, IANA does not assign them any more.

IANA also manages the top layer of the Domain name system (DNS). It works with many different server operators and policy makers from ICANN.

IANA also manages .int domains for international organizations, and .arpa for reverse DNS.

IANA is also involved in Internet Engineering Task Force protocols, like uniform resource identifier (URI) schemes. It also recommends character encodings to use on the Internet. IANA has to listen to the Internet Architecture Board when doing this.

IANA also has a database containing time zone differences and rules. Computers everywhere use the information in this database to keep time correctly.

IANA has been responsible for the database since October 16, 2011. The original FTP server holding the database was shutdown because of the Astrolabe, Inc. v. Olson et al. court decision.

Roommate

A roommate is a person who shares a room, apartment (British flat) or house with others. A housemate (mainly British) is someone who shares a house with others. For students living on a university campus, having at least one roommate is a traditional arrangement. Most college and university dormitories are designed for two roommates. There is a new trend among college students to request a room to themselves. Many colleges and universities are very willing to give what is called a 'super single' to one student who wants privacy.

The reason many get one or more roommates is to save money. As rents keep increasing, they are sometimes going up faster than wages in an area.

<br>

Bernocchi

Bernocchi might mean:






Synthetic cannabis

Synthetic cannabis (synthetic marijuana) is a type of designer drug made from chemicals sprayed onto herbs. Synthetic cannabis is often called K2, Spice, or fake weed. "Synthetic" means "man-made"; "Cannabis" is the plant that marijuana is made from. 

Synthetic cannabis is not really man-made marijuana. It has no marijuana, and no chemicals from the "Cannabis" plant, in it. Instead, it is sprayed with man-made chemicals called "cannabinoids." In the brain, they act like the chemicals in real marijuana (like THC). Because of this, they can make a person feel "high" the same way real marijuana can.

Medical research has shown that synthetic cannabis is much more dangerous than regular marijuana. For example, one research study found that people who used synthetic cannabis were 30 times more likely to get emergency medical treatment than people who used regular marijuana. 

Synthetic cannabinoids can also cause much more serious symptoms and health problems than regular marijuana. These problems can include:

Research, and the experiences of people who try to stop taking synthetic cannabis, show that it causes addiction and withdrawal symptoms in some people.

Professor John W. Huffman, who first created many of the chemicals used in synthetic cannabis, has said: "People who use it are idiots. You don't know what it's going to do to you."

Synthetic cannabis has had a complicated legal history. Its makers have used many different strategies to keep their products from being illegal.

For example, synthetic cannabis is often sold in packages that call it "herbal incense." Most of the packages also have a warning label that says "Not for human consumption" (not for humans to put into their bodies). By doing these things, companies that make synthetic cannabis can say that they are not selling drugs, and it is not their fault if people ignore their warning label.

It has also been difficult for states and countries to make synthetic cannabis illegal because there are so many different cannabinoids. For example, in 2009, the United Kingdom made all the cannabinoids that existed illegal. However, scientists quickly created new versions of cannabinoids, which were not listed as illegal in the U.K.'s laws. Like many other countries, the United Kingdom has tried to ban every new cannabinoid as soon as it is created, but new ones are made all the time.

Most countries in Europe, and a few countries in Asia, have made some or all synthetic cannabinoids illegal.

Before 2010, the United States Drug Enforcement Administration (DEA) had made some of the cannabinoids used in synthetic marijuana illegal in the U.S. Other cannabinoids were not illegal. Some states passed laws on their own, to make synthetic cannabis illegal in their states. However, before 2010, not all cannabinoids were illegal in the United States.

On June 6, 2010, a teenager from Iowa named David Mitchell Rozga killed himself. His friends said they and Rozga had smoked synthetic cannabis about an hour before he shot himself. Rozga's suicide, and the idea that it might have been caused by synthetic cannabis, was reported in newspapers and media all over the world.

After Rozga's suicide, the DEA used "emergency powers" to make five cannabinoids often found in synthetic marijuana illegal. Also, after the suicide, United States Senator Chuck Grassley suggested a law called the "David Mitchell Rozga Act." This law would make using or selling synthetic cannabis illegal. The law was passed by the United States Congress in June 2011. 

On July 10, 2012, President Barack Obama signed the Synthetic Drug Abuse Prevention Act of 2012 into law. It made the most common chemicals used in synthetic marijuana illegal.



Ostwald process

The Ostwald process is a chemical process for making nitric acid (HNO3). The Ostwald process provides the main raw material for the most common type of fertilizer production. It is closely associated with the Haber process. It is named after Wilhelm Ostwald, who developed the process and patented it in 1902.

Ammonia is converted to nitric acid in two stages. 

1) It is oxidized in the presence of platinium as catalyst at about 900 degrees Celsius to form nitric oxide and water.

2) Nitric oxide is oxidized again to form nitrogen dioxide and then it reacts with water to form dilute nitric acid whereas some portion of the nitrogen dioxide is reduce back to nitric oxide. 


2014 FIVB Volleyball World Championship

The 2014 Volleyball World Championship was held in Poland from 30 August to 21 September 2014. The tournament featured 24 teams to determine the world champions in men's volleyball. In addition to the host nation Poland, 23 teams qualified for the tournament by means of continental and regional competitions. The matches took place in seven venues across seven Polish cities, with the final being held at Spodek, Katowice.


Marion Maréchal

Marion Maréchal-Le Pen (born 10 December 1989) is a French politician. She is the granddaughter of Jean-Marie Le Pen and the niece of Marine Le Pen. She is a member of Reconquête and an MP for Vaucluse's 3rd constituency since 2012. Twenty-two years old at the time of her election, she became France's youngest MP in modern political history before Tematai Le Gayic's election in 2022.

Cornway College

Cornway College (or simply Cornway) is a private, day and boarding school for boys and girls in Mount Hampden, Mashonaland West, Zimbabwe, Africa. It is from the Harare central business district. Cornway College was opened on January 23, 2006. It has a preparatory school ("Cornway Junior College") and a high school ("Cornway Senior College"). The language used to communicate within the school is English.

Cornway College was ranked as one of the top 10 high schools in Zimbabwe in 2014.

Students at the Junior College are taught the primary schools curriculum developed by Cambridge International Examinations or CIE (an exam board in the United Kingdom) and ZIMSEC (an exam board in Zimbabwe). The children learn the following subjects:
In Grade Seven, children write tests for the Cambridge Primary certificate by CIE (for English, Mathematics and Science subjects) and Grade Seven exams by ZIMSEC (for English, General Paper, Mathematics and Shona subjects).

Students in Form One and Form Two (Year 8 and Year 9) are taught several subjects according to the Zimbabwe Junior Certificate curriculum.

In Form Three and Form Four (Year 10 and Year 11), students are taught according to the curriculum of CIE and ZIMSEC. In Form Four, the students then write tests for the International General Certificate of Secondary Education (given by CIE) and the GCE Ordinary Level certificate (given by ZIMSEC).

In the Sixth Form (that is, Lower Six and Upper Six, or Year 12 and Year 13), students learn a minimum of three subjects according to the Advanced Level curriculum of CIE and ZIMSEC. In Lower Six, students can choose to write tests for the Cambridge International AS Level certificate (half the content of Advanced Level is tested, the certificate is given by CIE) then write tests again in Upper Six for the full Cambridge International A Level certificate. Another option is to write the Cambridge International A Level and or the ZIMSEC GCE Advanced Level tests in Upper Six.

Sports at the Junior College include:

Sports at the Senior College include:


Orizuru

An orizuru (折鶴 "ori-" "folded," "tsuru" "crane"), or paper crane, is a classically designed paper Japanese origami. Red paper cranes is a representation of the Japanese red-crowned crane which is special in Japanese culture. The orizuru is often is used restaurant table decoration. "Senbazuru" (千羽鶴), which means "thousand cranes," are one thousand paper cranes strung together.

Out of the Woods (song)

"Out of the Woods" is a song recorded by American singer-songwriter Taylor Swift. It is the sixth single from her album, "1989". It was co-written and co-produced by Swift and Jack Antonoff from the American alternative band Fun. The two produced the song along with Swedish songwriter and producer Max Martin. The song is the fourth track on the album. It became her sixth top-20 hit in a row on the US "Billboard" Hot 100.

"Out of the Woods" was re-released on October 27th, 2023 as "Out of the Woods (Taylor's Version)"

The music video for the song was released on December 31, 2015, live on "Dick Clark's New Year's Rockin' Eve with Ryan Seacrest" on ABC stations in the United States.

Stephen Stanton

Stephen Walter Stanton (born August 22, 1961) is a German-born American voice actor, impressionist, visual effects artist and comedian. He has done many voice roles in television shows, movies and video games. He is best known for his work in "The 7D" and in the "Star Wars: The Clone Wars" franchise.








Point Break

Point Break is a 1991 American action crime thriller movie. It was directed by Kathryn Bigelow and it was produced by Peter Abrams and Robert L. Levy. "Point Break" was released on July 12, 1991.

In the movie, a gang of robbers called the "Ex-Presidents" wear face-masks of former Presidents of the United States (Ronald Reagan, Richard Nixon, Lyndon B. Johnson, and Jimmy Carter) to hide their true identities.

The movie got mixed and positive reviews from critics. It has a 68% rating on Rotten Tomatoes. Movie critic Roger Ebert of the Chicago Sun-Times gave the film three-and-a-half stars out of four. In his review, he wrote that "Bigelow is an interesting director for this material. She is interested in the ways her characters live dangerously for philosophical reasons. They aren't men of action, but men of thought who choose action as a way of expressing their beliefs."

A remake was released on December 25, 2015 and received negative reviews.



C. B. Forgotston

Charlton Bath Forgotston, Jr. (January 19, 1945 – January 3, 2016), known as C. B. Forgotston, was an American attorney, political pundit and state government watchdog from Newellton, Louisiana.

For seven years, he was the chief counsel of the Appropriations Committee of the Louisiana House of Representatives. He was an outspoken fiscal conservative and critic of legalized gambling, unconstitutional legislation and political corruption.

Forgotston committed suicide by firearm early in 2016, sixteen days before his 71st birthday in Hammond, Louisiana.

Bill Plager

William Ronald "Bill" Plager (July 6, 1945 – January 3, 2016) was a Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman. He was born in Kirkland Lake, Ontario. Plager started his National Hockey League career with the Minnesota North Stars in 1967. He also played for the St. Louis Blues and Atlanta Flames. He left the NHL after the 1976 season.

Plager died on January 3, 2016 in Peterborough, Ontario, aged 70.

Peter Naur

Peter Naur (25 October 1928 – 3 January 2016) was a Danish computer science pioneer and Turing award winner. He helped the creation of the ALGOL 60 programming language. 

He began his career as an astronomer for which he received his PhD degree in 1957. From 1969 to 1998 Naur was a professor of computer science at University of Copenhagen. Naur won the 2005 ACM A.M. Turing Award for his work on defining the ALGOL 60 programming language.

Naur died on 3 January 2016 after a short illness in Herlev, aged 87.

Robert Stigwood

Robert Stigwood (16 April 1934 – 4 January 2016) was an English-Australian music entrepreneur and impresario. He was best known for managing Cream and the Bee Gees. He relocated to England in 1954.

In the 1960s and 1970s he was one of the most successful figures in the entertainment world, through his management of music groups like Cream and The Bee Gees, theatrical productions like "Hair" and "Jesus Christ Superstar" and movie productions including the hugely successful "Saturday Night Fever" and "Grease".

Stigwood died on 4 January 2016 in London at the age of 81.


Igor Sergun

General Igor Dmitrievich Sergun (28 March 1957 – 3 January 2016) was a Russian military officer. He was Director of the GRU, the Main Intelligence Directorate of the General Staff of the Armed Forces of the Russian Federation, since December 26, 2011.

He worked in military intelligence since 1984, and served in various positions in the Main Intelligence Directorate. He speaks several foreign languages and was awarded state awards. In 1998 as a colonel, he served as a RF Military Attaché in Tirana, Albania. In December 2011, he was appointed as Head of the Main Intelligence Directorate of the General Staff of the Armed Forces of the Russian Federation.

Sergun died suddenly on 3 January 2016 in Moscow of a heart attack at the age of 58. However many outside of Russia believe that Sergun was killed in a secret mission in Lebanon.

Michel Galabru

Michel Louis Edmond Galabru (27 October 1922 – 4 January 2016) was a French actor. He was known for his roles in "Subway" (1985), "Belle époque" (1992) and as Abraracourcix in "Asterix & Obelix Take On Caesar" (1999).

Galabru was born in Safi, Morocco to French parents. He was raised near Paris, France. He appeared in over 250 movies mostly directed by Bertrand Blier, Jean-Luc Godard, Luc Besson and Costa-Gavras. Galabru died on 4 January 2016 in his home in Paris, France at the age of 93.

Bertrand Blier

Bertrand Blier (born 14 March 1939) is a French screenwriter and movie director. His 1978 movie "Get Out Your Handkerchiefs" won the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film at the 51st Academy Awards.

He is the son of famous French actor Bernard Blier. His 1996 movie "Mon Homme" was entered into the 46th Berlin International Film Festival. His 2005 film "How Much Do You Love Me?" was entered into the 28th Moscow International Film Festival where he won the Silver George for Best Director.

Safi

Safi (Berber: Asfi, ⴰⵙⴼⵉ; , Portuguese: "Safim") is a city in western Morocco on the Atlantic Ocean. The capital of Safi Province, it has a population of 282,227 (2004 census). Safi is the main fishing port for the country's sardine industry, and also exports phosphates, textiles and ceramics.


Shaykh al-Islām

Shaykh al-Islam () ( is a title of respect for outstanding scholars of Islam. The title may also be used for the chief expert in Islamic law of a city or kingdom. 

The title "shaykh al-Islam" was reserved for very few scholars. Usually those with the greatest merits. Al-Sakhawi defines it as follows:
There were not many scholars known as shaykh al-Islam. The title was used for the following scholars:



Alfonso Ribeiro

Alfonso Lincoln Ribeiro, Sr. (born September 21, 1971) is an American actor, television director, dancer, and game show host. He is best known for his roles as Carlton Banks on the sitcom "The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air" and as Alfonso Spears on the sitcom "Silver Spoons". Ribeiro is the current host of "America's Funniest Home Videos". He took over for former host Tom Bergeron who left after fifteen years.

Ribeiro took part in the nineteenth season of "Dancing with the Stars". He was paired with professional dancer Witney Carson. Ribeiro and Carson were both able to win the competition.


Kharkov National Medical University

Kharkov National Medical University (KNMU, , ) is a medical university in Kharkov, Ukraine. It was first known as Kharov State Medical University and then Kharkov Medical State Institute.

At present, over 700 professors teach at the university. Since 1951, the university has been training medical staff for countries of Eastern Europe, China, and Mongolia. Since 1961, it has been training students from other countries of Asia, Africa, and Latin America. At present, there are about 3,400 foreign students in the Kharkiv National Medical University who study at the Preparatory Department, Medical, Nursing and Dental Faculties. They do postgraduate and clinical post-graduate (residency) courses as well as professional probation at departments of the university in Dental, therapy, orthopedics, surgery, oncology, psychiatry, ophthalmology, obstetrics and gynecology, as well as other medical specialties. The University has trained over 5,000 specialists for 86 countries in Europe, Asia, Latin America and the Middle East.

The history of the higher medical school in Kharkiv is more than 200 years long. It is closely connected with the history of University of Kharkiv, because it originated from its Medical Faculty. The University was founded in 1805. A decree about its foundation was signed by the Russian Tsar Alexander I, and the first rules of the university were approved at that time.

The university ranks 481 out of 11,000 universities in the world by 4icu world university ranking. The university takes the 26th general place and the 5th place among higher medical educational establishments of Ukraine in the scientometrical database SCOPUS. It ranks 47th among Ukrainian higher educational establishments by UNESCO Top 200. In 2015, the Order of Honour and Silver Diploma by the rating "Golden Fortune" were awarded to the University. KhNMU became a laureate of the rating of higher educational establishments "Ukraine-2000".

In 2001, Silver Diploma by the VII International Rating "Golden Fortune" in the nomination "The Third Millennium Quality" was awarded to the staff of the University.

In 2010, the University won an honorary title "Leader of Modern Education" at the International Exhibition "Modern Education of Ukraine"; in 2011-2012 – "Leader of National Education" at the International Exhibitions "Education and Career - 2011" and "Education and Career - 2012".

The university has a complex of buildings for teaching. It has 5 hostels. All the students of the graduate and post-graduate stages of training are provided with beds at the hostels.

The university has 65 departments. The departments are equipped with modern classrooms and have all the opportunities for high-quality training of students.


About 40 studies in priority subjects are conducted at the university. These are working out of methods for prevention, diagnosing and treatment of diseases of the cardiovascular, reproductive and musculo-skeletal systems.

The university is a member of the International Association of Universities (an organisation overseen by UNESCO) since 1998. It is on the register of medical universities of the World Health Organization (Avicenna Directories).



Gitanjali

Gitanjali is a book of poems written by Rabindranath Tagore. There are 157 poems in the book. All the poems are in the Bengali language. It has been translated into many languages by many writers. "Gitanjali" is a book of song offerings. Rabindranath Tagore won the Nobel Prize for Literature on November 14, 1913, for his book "Gitanjali'. 'It also contains the special poem known as the"mind is without fear".

Tim Francis

Harold Huyton "Tim" Francis (1928 – 2 January 2016) was a New Zealand diplomat. He was Permanent Representative to the United Nations from 1978 to 1982. He was also Ambassador to the United States from 1988 to 1991.

Francis was born in Auckland. He was married to Sherrah and had three children.

Francis died from cancer on 2 January 2016 in Wellington. He was 87.

Sabri Yirmibeşoğlu

Sabri Yirmibeşoğlu (1 September 1928 – 2 January 2016) was a Turkish army general. He was Secretary-General of the National Security Council from 1988 to 1990. He was said to be behind a failed killing of President Turgut Özal in 1988. He was born in Foça, Izmir.

Yirmibeşoğlu died from kidney failure on 2 January 2016 in Istanbul, aged 87.

Irma Grese

Irma Ida Ilse Grese (7 October 1923 – 13 December 1945) was a member of the "Schutzstaffel (SS)", a powerful Nazi military organization, during World War II. She was a guard at the Nazi concentration camps at Ravensbrück and Auschwitz. She was also the warden of the women's part of Bergen-Belsen concentration camp.

Grese was nicknamed "the Hyena of Auschwitz" () by prisoners there because of the cruel ways she treated them. After World War II ended, Grese was put on trial for war crimes at the Nuremberg Trials. She was convicted of crimes against humanity for the things she did at Auschwitz and Bergen-Belsen. She was executed in 1945 at age 22. However, according to A. Pierrepoint (British executioner of Grese) as she was questioned by RSM O'Neil prior to the execution, she gave her age as "Twenty-one".

Irma Grese was born in Germany in 1923. In 1936, when Grese was 13, her mother killed herself by drinking hydrochloric acid, a poison, after finding out that her husband had an affair (a relationship with another woman). Grese's father probably joined the Nazi Party in 1937, and got married again in 1939.

When she was 14, Grese quit school. By then, she was a member of the League of German Girls ("Bund Deutscher Mädel"), a Nazi group for girls.

Grese volunteered to work in a concentration camp. In 1942, when she was 19 years old, she started working as a guard at Ravensbrück, a concentration camp for women. In March 1943, she was sent to work at Auschwitz-Birkenau. After a year, Grese was promoted to "Rapportführerin" - warden - at Bergen-Belsen. This was the second-highest rank that a woman could reach. In this job, she helped choose which prisoners would be killed in the concentration camp's gas chambers.

When British soldiers were getting close to Bergen-Belsen to liberate it (take it over and free its prisoners), Grese and some other people in the SS decided not to run away. They were captured by the British on 17 April 1945, and taken to prison.

In her famous memoir called "Five Chimneys", Olga Lengyel (who had been a prisoner in a camp where Grese worked) wrote about how Grese acted there. Lengyel wrote that Grese liked hurting prisoners, making them afraid of her, and choosing which ones would be killed in the gas chambers.

Grese was put on trial for war crimes at the "Belsen Trial." Instead of having one big trial with hundreds of defendants, the Nuremberg Trials were separated into smaller trials. For example, people who were accused of committing crimes at Bergen-Belsen were put on trial at the Belsen Trial. Grese was tried there with 44 other people. Her trial lasted from September to November 1945. She was given a lawyer named Major L. Cranfield.

Grese was accused of treating prisoners in ways that were illegal because of an international law called the Third Geneva Convention. People who had been prisoners in the camps Grese worked at talked about how Grese murdered and tortured prisoners. They said she especially liked to hurt women. They talked about how Grese beat prisoners, let her dogs attack them, whipped them, and shot them. They said she liked to whip women's breasts, and then make the camp doctor, Gisella Perl, do surgery on the women's breasts without anesthetic, because she liked watching them suffer.

Two other female guards were tried at the Belsen Trial. However, Grese was the only woman to get the death penalty.

On Thursday, 13 December 1945, in Hamelin Jail, Grese was executed by hanging.


Stephen W. Bosworth

Stephen Warren Bosworth (December 4, 1939 – January 3, 2016) was an American academic and diplomat. He served as U.S. Ambassador three times: Tunisia (1979–1981), Philippines (1984–1987), and South Korea (1997–2001).

Bosworth was born in Grand Rapids, Michigan. He was married and had four children.

Bosworth died from prostate cancer on January 3, 2016 in Boston, Massachusetts. He was 77.

Jean-Paul L'Allier

Jean-Paul L'Allier (August 12, 1938 – January 5, 2016) was a Canadian politician and journalist. He was a member of the Quebec Liberal Party. He served as the 38th Mayor of Quebec City from 1989 to 2005. He served in the National Assembly of Quebec for Deux-Montagnes from 1970 to 1976. He also worked for the Montreal newspaper "Le Devoir" in the 1980s. He was born in Hudson, Quebec.

L'Allier died after an illness on January 5, 2016 in Quebec City. He was 77.

Paul Bley

Hyman Paul Bley (November 10, 1932 – January 3, 2016) was a Canadian pianist. He was known for his work to the free jazz movement of the 1960s. He began his career in the 1950s and was active until his death in the 2010s. He worked with jazz musicians Lee Konitz, Charlie Haden, Evan Parker, Charlie Parker, Sonny Rollins, Charles Mingus, Ornette Coleman and many others.

Bley was born in Montreal, Quebec. He was adopted and Jewish. He was married to Carla Bley until their divorce.

Bley died on January 3, 2016 in Stuart, Florida. He was 83.

Grant Hill

Grant Henry Hill (born October 5, 1972) is an American retired basketball player. Hill was born in Dallas, Texas. He was part of the US basketball team who won the gold medal in the 1996 Summer Olympics. He is the son of Calvin Hill.

He was a selected third overall by the Detroit Pistons in the 1994 draft. He played six seasons, five as an All-star. He then played for the Orlando Magic from 2000-04. Hill played for 5 seasons for the Phoenix Suns. He finally retired from the Los Angeles Clippers after a 19-year career.

He was a seven time NBA All-star. Hill is a part owner of the Atlanta Hawks. He received the 2015 Candle in the Dark award. He is in the National Collegiate Basketball Hall of Fame.


Stella Gibbons

Stella Dorothea Gibbons (5 January 1902 – 19 December 1989) was an English author and poet. She won the Prix Femina for her novel "Cold Comfort Farm".

Cold Comfort Farm (movie)

Cold Comfort Farm is a British comedy movie from 1995. It was directed by John Schlesinger. It is based on Stella Gibbons' book of the same name. The movie stars Kate Beckinsale, Joanna Lumley, Ian McKellen and Rufus Sewell. It was first shown on the BBC on 1 January 1995.

Claude Gagnière

Claude Gagnière (January 20, 1928 – September 12, 2003) was a French writer. He was born in Alès.

He died in Paris. After he died he was awarded the prize of the Bouquinistes for all his work in 2004.


Gay bar

Gay bars are drinking establishments that cater to lesbian, gay, bisexual or transgender people. The term "gay" is used as an inclusive concept for LGBT communities. Gay bars once served as the centre of gay culture. They were one of the few places people with same-sex orientations and gender-variant identities could openly socialize. Other names include "boy bar", "girl bar", "lesbian bar" or "dyke bar".

The Stonewall Inn in New York City is one example of a gay/lesbian bar. The gay rights movement was born there.

Stonewall Inn

The Stonewall Inn (or just Stonewall) is a gay/lesbian tavern and recreational bar in New York City. It was also the site of the 1969 Stonewall riots. The original inn closed in 1969. In 1990, a bar named "Stonewall" opened in the western half of the original location.

In June 2015, the Stonewall received an official landmark status from New York City Landmarks Preservation Commission for its role as the catalyst of the LGBT movement. It is the first landmark in New York City that has been recognized due to its status in LGBT history.

<br>

Dow Chemical

Dow Chemical is a company which has its headquarters in the United States. It is the second-largest producer of chemicals in the world, after BASF.

German Academic Exchange Service

The German Academic Exchange Service (, or DAAD) is an organisation in Germany. It is the largest German support organisation in the field of international academic co-operation. It was founded on 1 January 1925. It closed in 1945, but was refounded in 1950.

The DAAD headquarters are in Bonn. There are 15 international regional branch offices. They provide information and advice on study and research opportunities and available grants. The German Academic Exchange Service is mainly funded by the Foreign Office of Germany and the European Union. In 2012, the DAAD received 407.4 million Euro.



Jorge Lepra

Jorge Alberto Lepra Loiodice (4 September 1942 – 4 January 2016) was a Uruguayan diplomat and politician. He was Ministry of Industry, Energy and Mining from 2005 to 2008. He was also Ambassador to France from 2008 to 2010. He was born in Montevideo.

Lepra died from heart failure on 4 January 2016 in Montevideo. He was 73.

Venice Film Festival

The Venice Film Festival is a festival held in Venice, Italy. It is held every year. It is the world's oldest movie festival. It dates back to 1932.

The New Adventures of Winnie the Pooh

The Cartoons Show is an animated children's television show. It was shown on the Kideo from 1988 to 1993. In the opening theme and 1989 and 1991 ending theme (that sounds similar to the opening theme), the Fantasia patch "Fantasia" (that sounds like the Roland D-50 patch "Fantasia") was heard. This show is on Disney Channel in other countries.

Golden Bear

The Golden Bear is the highest prize given at the Berlin International Film Festival (often known as Berlinale).

International standard

International standard is a guidance made by international organizations to be considered and used around the world. The standard can be used directly or with small changes to suit the local conditions. International standard is used as one of the way to ease technical differences and barriers for international trading which caused by different regulations about technical aspects by each country.



Gandaki Zone

Gandaki zone (), was one of the fourteen zones of Nepal. It was located in the Western Development Region.

Gandaki zone was divided into 6 districts. They are

Autotransformer

An Autotransformer (sometimes called autostep down transformer) is a transformer which has only one winding. The "auto" (Greek for "self") prefix refers to the single coil acting on itself and not to any kind of automatic mechanism. The winding acts as both primary winding and secondary winding in a normal transformer. Since part of the winding does "double duty", autotransformers have the advantages of often being smaller, lighter, and cheaper than typical dual-winding transformers. The disadvantage of an autotransformer include not providing electrical isolation between the primary winding and the secondary winding. There is also a higher possibility of short circuits due to low impedance.

Autotransformers are used in power transmission, power distribution, audio, rail transport, etc. Autotransformers are often used to step up (increase) or step down (decrease) voltages in the 110–120 V range and in the 220–240 V range.

<br>

Silvana Pampanini

Silvana Pampanini (25 September 1925 – 6 January 2016) was an Italian actress. She was Miss Italy in 1946. She began her acting career in 1947. She appeared in over sixty movies, mostly comedies. Her final acting role was in 1999.

Pampanini was born in Rome. She was never married and had no children. She was the niece of Rosetta Pampanini.

Pampanini died on 6 January 2016 in Rome, aged 90.

National Archive Department of Azerbaijan

The National Archive Department of the Republic of Azerbaijan () is the national archive of Azerbaijan. It is a governmental agency within the government of Azerbaijan in charge of managing, maintaining, protecting and updating national archives of the Azerbaijani nation state. The archive houses documents, maps, stamps, audio tapes, video clips, photographs and special publications. It was established on December 2, 2002. It is in the capital city Baku.



Antonio Carrizo

Antonio Carrozzi Abasca (15 September 1926 – 1 January 2016), better known as Antonio Carrizo, was an Argentine radio host, actor and television presenter. He worked for the radio station Radio El Mundo and Radio Rivadavia. He hosted shows on many channels including Canal 7. He appeared in the movies "El barro humano" (1955), "El noveno mandamiento" (1963) and "Muchachos impacientes" (1966).

Carrizo was born in General Villegas, Buenos Aires Province. He had a stoke in 2008. He died on 1 January 2016 in Buenos Aires, aged 89.

Tommy Sale (rugby league)

Tommy Sale (21 July 1918 – 3 January 2016) was an English rugby league player. He played for Leigh Centurions and Widnes Vikings. He later coached Leigh.

Amby Fogarty

Ambrose Gerald "Amby" Fogarty (11 September 1933 – 3 January 2016) was an Irish football player and manager. He played as a midfielder from 1953 to 1975. He played for Bohemians, Glentoran, Sunderland, Hartlepool United, Cork Celtic, Cork Hibernian and the national team. He also managed Cork Hibernians, Cork Celtic, Drumcondra, Limerick and Athlone Town.

Fogarty was born in Dublin. He died on 3 January 2016 at the age of 82.

John Roberts (footballer, born 1946)

John Griffiths Roberts (11 September 1946 – 4 January 2016) was an Welsh football player and manager. He played as a defender from 1964 to 1983. He played for Swansea Town, Northampton Town, Arsenal, Birmingham City, Wrexham, Hull City and the national team. He was a player manager of Oswestry Town from 1982 to 1983.

Roberts was born in Abercynon, Rhondda Cynon Taff. He died on 4 January 2016 at the age of 69.

S. H. Kapadia

Sarosh Homi Kapadia (29 September 1947 – 4 January 2016) was an Indian politician and lawyer. He served as the 38th Chief Justice of India from 12 May 2010 until 28 September 2012. He was born in Mumbai and was Parsi.

Kapadia died from cardiac arrest on 4 January 2016 in Mumbai, aged 68.

Christy O'Connor Jnr

Christy O'Connor Jnr (19 August 1948 – 6 January 2016) was an Irish golfer. He turned professional in 1967. He played in the Ryder Cup twice.

O'Connor was born in Galway, County Galway. He was married to Ann and had three children. His uncle was golfer Christy O'Connor Snr, who died in May 2016.

O'Connor died on 6 January 2016 in Tenerife, Canary Islands, Spain, aged 67.

British Rail Class 800

The Class 800 "Hitachi Super Express" is a new train built by Hitachi to replace old InterCity 125 and InterCity 225. The class 800 will use diesel fuel and electricity. The 801 trains will be electric-only. The trains can run at a speed of 125mph (200kmph). They can reduce the travel time between London, Leeds, Newcastle and Edinburgh by as much as 18 minutes. One train, a test version of the Hitachi Class 800 Super Express, has arrived from Japan. A new Manufacturing plant will produce 122 trains in the coming years. It will create 730 new jobs. In 2017 the first trains will run on the Great Western Railway main line. In 2018 they will run on the East Coast Main Line.

<br>

Masaryk University

Masaryk University (; ) is a university in Brno, Czech Republic. It was created in 1919. It is named for Tomáš Garrigue Masaryk, the first president of Czechoslovakia. He wanted to have a second Czech university (until then, the only Czech university was Charles University in Prague). The Palacký University in Olomouc had been closed. The university has nine faculties and about 35,000 students. Between 1960 and 1990, the university used the name of Jan Evangelista Purkyně, a Czech scientist. Masaryk University is member of the Compostela Group and the Utrecht Network of universities.


Nino Manfredi

Saturnino "Nino" Manfredi (; 22 March 1921 – 4 June 2004) was an Italian actor. He was born in Lazio, Italy. He was also a movie and stage director, screenwriter, playwright, comedian, singer, author, radio and television presenter.

During his career he won many awards, including six David di Donatello awards, six Nastro d'Argento awards and the Prix de la première oeuvre (Best First Work Award) at the 1971 Cannes Film Festival for "Between Miracles". He is thought to be the greatest Italian actor of all time.

Manfredi died from complications from a stroke at his home in Rome, Italy, aged 83.


Andres Rodríguez

Andres Rodríguez (11 May 1984 – 4 January 2016) was a Venezuelan businessman and an international show jumping competitor. He was born in Caracas, Venezuela. 

His achievements included the team silver medal at the 2005 Bolivarian Games, the team bronze medal at the 2014 Central American and Caribbean Games, an individual silver medal at the 2015 Pan American Games of Toronto, and was qualified to the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, but died before the event. 

Rodríguez was killed in a car crash near Wellington, Florida, aged 31.

Marvin Minsky

Marvin Lee Minsky (August 9, 1927 – January 24, 2016) was an American cognitive scientist in the field of artificial intelligence (AI). He was the co-founder of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology's AI laboratory, and author of several texts on AI and philosophy. He won the Turing Award in 1969.

Minskey was born in New York City, New York. He studied at Phillips Academy, Harvard University and at Princeton University. Minskey died in Boston, Massachusetts of a cerebral hemorrhage on January 24, 2016 at the age of 88. His body is chronologically frozen in Scottsdale, Arizona.


Charles Bachman

Charles William "Charlie" Bachman III (December 11, 1924 – July 13, 2017) was an American computer scientist. He spent his entire career as an industrial researcher, developer, and manager rather than in academia. He is particularly known for his work in the early development of database management systems. The Bachman diagrams are named after him. He won the Turing Award in 1973.

Bachman died on July 13, 2017 at his home in Lexington, Massachusetts of Parkinson's disease at the age of 92.

Turing Award

The ACM A.M. Turing Award is an annual prize given by the Association for Computing Machinery (ACM) to "an individual selected for contributions of a technical nature made to the computing community". It is named after Alan Turing and is given each year in New York City. It is the highest award that could be given to a computer scientist. and the "Nobel Prize of computing".

The first Turing Award was given in 1966 to Alan Perlis, a teacher at Carnegie Mellon University. It has been given every year since.

The first recipient, in 1966, was Alan Perlis, of Carnegie Mellon University. Frances E. Allen of IBM, in 2006, was the first female recipient in the award's forty-year history.


Niklaus Wirth

Niklaus Emil Wirth (15 February 1934 – 1 January 2024) was a Swiss computer scientist. He was best known for designing several programming languages, including Pascal, and for creating several classic topics in software engineering. 

In 1984 he won the Turing Award, which is seen as the highest award in computer science. He won the award for creating a sequence of important computer languages.

Wirth died on 1 January 2024 at the age of 89.

Richard M. Karp

Richard Manning Karp (born January 3, 1935) is an American computer scientist and computational theorist at the University of California, Berkeley. He is known for his research in the theory of algorithms, for which he received a Turing Award in 1985, The Benjamin Franklin Medal in Computer and Cognitive Science in 2004, and the Kyoto Prize in 2008. 

He work includes solving problems of combinatorial optimization (mostly network flow), asking questions about what an efficient algorithm looks like, and works about algorithmic complexity theory. 


William Kahan

William Morton Kahan (born June 5, 1933) is a Canadian mathematician and computer scientist. He received the Turing Award in 1989 for ""his fundamental contributions to numerical analysis"." He was named an ACM Fellow in 1994, and added to the National Academy of Engineering in 2005.


Fernando J. Corbató

Fernando José "Corby" Corbató (July 1, 1926 – July 12, 2019) was an American computer scientist. He was known as a pioneer in the development of time-sharing operating systems and for creating the password system for computers.

Among many awards, Corbató received the Turing Award in 1990, "for his pioneering work in organizing the concepts and leading the development of the general-purpose, large-scale, time-sharing and resource-sharing computer systems".

In 2012, he was made a Fellow of the Computer History Museum "for his pioneering work on timesharing and the Multics operating system".

Corbató died on July 12, 2019 in Newburyport, Massachusetts from problems caused by diabetes at the age of 93.


Juris Hartmanis

Juris Hartmanis (July 5, 1928 – July 29, 2022) was a Latvian-born American computer scientist and computational theorist. Hartmanis with Richard E. Stearns, received the 1993 ACM Turing Award "in recognition of their seminal paper which established the foundations for the field of computational complexity theory".

Hartmanis died on July 29, 2022 at the age of 94.


Fred Brooks

Frederick Phillips Brooks, Jr. (April 19, 1931 – November 17, 2022) was an American computer architect, software engineer, and computer scientist.

He is best known for managing the development of IBM's System/360 family of computers alongside Gerrit Blaauw and Gene Amdahl and the OS/360 software support package, then later writing candidly about the process in his seminal book "The Mythical Man-Month". Brooks has received many awards, including the National Medal of Technology in 1985 and the Turing Award in 1999.

Brooks was born in Durham, North Carolina. He studied Duke University, graduating in 1953 with a Bachelor of Science degree in Physics, and he received a Ph.D. in Applied Mathematics (Computer Science) from Harvard University in 1956, supervised by Howard Aiken.

Frances E. Allen

Frances Elizabeth "Fran" Allen (August 4, 1932 – August 4, 2020) was an American computer scientist and pioneer in the field of optimizing compilers. Her achievements include seminal work in compilers, code optimization, and parallelization. She also had a role in intelligence work on programming languages and security codes for the National Security Agency.

Allen was the first female IBM Fellow and in 2006 became the first woman to win the Turing Award.

Allen died on her 88th birthday on August 4, 2020 in Schenectady, New York from Alzheimer's disease-related problems.


Alexandra Daddario

Alexandra Anna Daddario (born March 16, 1986) is an American actress and model. 

She was born in New York City. She was born in the Upper East Side of Manhattan. Her brother is actor Matthew Daddario. Her sister is actress Catharine Daddario. Her paternal grandfather was politician Emilio Q. Daddario. She lives in Los Angeles.

Daddario is perhaps known best for playing the character Annabeth Chase in "Percy Jackson & the Olympians" , and Blake in the movie "San Andreas". She has also played Heather Miller in the 2013 movie "Texas Chainsaw 3D" and Summer Quinn in "Baywatch" (2017). 

Alexandra Daddario is an American actress born on March 16, 1986, in . Her parents are Christina and Richard Daddario, and she has a younger brother named Matthew Daddario, who is also an actor.

Growing up, Alexandra attended the Brearley School, a prestigious all-girls school located in . She then went on to study at the Professional Children's School, which is a school for young performers.

After graduating from high school, Alexandra attended Marymount Manhattan College, where she studied acting. While in college, she appeared in several stage productions, including "The Importance of Being Earnest" and "A Midsummer Night's Dream."

In addition to her studies, Alexandra also started to pursue a career in acting. She made her television debut in 2002 on the daytime soap opera "All My Children." Over the next few years, she appeared in a number of television shows and movies, including "Law & Order," "White Collar," and "The Squid and the Whale."

Despite her busy acting schedule, Alexandra remained dedicated to her education and graduated from Marymount Manhattan College with a degree in acting in 2008.


Tom Allin

Thomas William "Tom" Allin (27 November 1987 – 4 January 2016) was an English cricketer. He was a right-arm medium-fast pace bowler who also batted right-handed. He played for Warwickshire. He was born in Bideford, Devon.

Allin died on 4 January 2016 in Bideford, aged 28. He jumped to his death off a bridge.


Nivaria Tejera

Nivaria Tejera (30 September 1929 – 6 January 2016) was a Cuban poet and novelist. She was awarded the Seix Barral Biblioteca Breve prize in 1971 for her novel "Sonámbulo del sol". Her book, "The Ravine" (2007), is based on her early life.

Tejera was born in Cienfuegos, Cienfuegos Province. Her mother was Cuban and her father was Spanish. She grew up in Tenerife, Canary Islands, Spain. She lived in Paris, France until her death.

Tejera died from pancreatic cancer on 6 January 2016 in Paris, aged 86.

Percy Freeman

Ronald Peter "Percy" Freeman (4 July 1945 – 5 January 2016) was an English footballer. He played as a forward. He played for Lincoln City, West Bromwich Albion, Reading, Stourbridge and Boston United. He was born in Newark-on-Trent, Nottinghamshire.

Freeman died after an illness on 5 January 2016, aged 70.

Sonderkommando photographs

The "Sonderkommando" photographs are four blurry pictures, taken secretly on 4 August 1944 inside the Auschwitz concentration camp during World War II. The photographs were taken by a prisoner in Auschwitz II-Birkenau. This was Auschwitz's extermination camp - a place where people were sent to be killed in gas chambers. These are some of the only known photos that show what happened around the gas chambers.

The photographer was a member of the "Sonderkommando", a group of inmates forced to work in and around the gas chambers. He took two photos from inside one of the gas chambers and two from outside. To keep from being caught, he had to aim the camera from his hip and was not able to focus the camera. The Polish resistance (a movement of Polish people fighting against the Nazis) snuck the camera film out of the camp in a toothpaste tube.

The photographs were numbered 280–283 by the Auschwitz-Birkenau State Museum. Numbers 280 and 281 show the cremation of dead bodies in a fire pit. Number 283 just shows trees (since the photographer could not see where he was aiming the camera, he aimed too high for this photo). Number 282 shows a group of naked women just before they went into the gas chamber.

Nobody knows for sure who took the photographs. Many records say he was called "Alex," and was a Jewish inmate from Greece. "Alex" may have been Alberto Errera, an officer from the Greek navy; he was shot and killed after hitting an SS officer. (The SS - "Schutzstaffel" - were the Nazi military organization that ran the concentration camps.)

Other members of the "Sonderkommando" in the camp's crematorium helped get and hide the camera Alex used. They were also look-outs (they watched the SS to find the safest time for Alex to take the pictures.)

One of these men was Alter Fajnzylberg, who had worked the camp's crematoria since July 1943. He once described how the photos were taken:

The film was snuck out of the camp by the Polish resistance. It was hidden inside a tube of toothpaste by Helena Dantón, who worked in the SS canteen (camp store). Attached to the film was a note dated 4 September 1944, asking that the film be developed right away.

The "Sonderkommando" photographs were one in many acts of resistance against the Nazis and the war crimes they committed during the Holocaust.



Mustafa al-Maraghi

Muhammad Mustafa al-Maraghi (1881–1945; ) was an Egyptian modernist reformer and rector of al-Azhar in the 1930s. He was one of the students of Muhammad 'Abduh. He called for social, legal and educational changes and pursued a strong campaign - begun by Muhammad 'Abduh and finished by Mahmoud Shaltout - to include the modern sciences in al-Azhar's curriculum. To that end he organised committees to reform the university's regulations and curriculum and created a supervisory department for research whose responsibilities included publishing and translation.

Mustafa al-Maraghi was the link between the reforms of his mentor Muhammad Abduh and such subsequent leaders of al-Azhar as Mustafa Abd al-Raziq, Abdel-Halim Mahmoud and Mahmoud Shaltout. As a reformer, al-Maraghi believed in Islam's flexibility and ability to adapt to the needs of modernity. He called for the exercise of ijtihad (independent reasoning/interpretation), reinterpretation, and opposed taqlid (imitation or emulation), the blind following of tradition. And he attributed the religious, moral, intellectual, and political decline of Islamic peoples to the adherence to taqlid and the lack of ijtihad. He said that after the first three centuries, ijma' (consensus of the Muslim community or scholars for resolving legal questions) was impossible, because scholars were so scattered in the East and West that usually it was not possible to collect their opinions.

Mufti Mohammad Sayeed

Mufti Mohammad Sayeed (12 January 1936 – 7 January 2016) was an Indian politician. He was a member of the People's Democratic Party (PDP). He served as the Chief Minister of Jammu and Kashmir from 2 November 2002 until 2 November 2005 and, again, from 1 March 2015 until his death.

Sayeed was born in Bijbehara, Kashmir and Jammu. He was a Kashmiri Muslim. He was married and had three children.

Sayeed died from multiple organ failure on 7 January 2016 in New Delhi, aged 79.

Sergey Shustikov

Sergey Viktorovich Shustikov (; 30 September 1970 – 7 January 2016) was a Russian football player and manager. He played for Torpedo Moscow, Racing de Santander, CSKA Moscow, Osasuna and Moscow. He managed FC Solyaris Moscow from 2014 until his death.

Shustikov was born in Moscow. He is the son of Viktor Shustikov. His son Sergey (born 1989) is a footballer.

Shustikov died on 7 January 2016 at the age of 45.

Michael Purcell

Michael Peter "Mick" Purcell (6 September 1945 – 5 January 2016) was an Australian rugby union player. He played as a flanker and lock. He played three games for the Wallabies in 1966. He also played for the Queensland Reds.

Purcell was born in Brisbane, Queensland. He was married and had two children.

Purcell died on 5 January 2016 in Brisbane, aged 70.

Agathemera

Agathemera (the chinchemolle) is a phasmid insect from Chile and Argentina. It is famous for its intense odor, which is its main defence.

It is notable for its sexual dimorphism. Females are much bigger than males, at 75mm long and 16mm wide in the thorax.

This phasmid is an evolutionary isolate. It is alone in its suborder, and there are few publications about it.

Hyundai Veracruz

The Hyundai Veracruz was a mid-size CUV sold by Korean automaker Hyundai. It was introduced in South Korea on October 12, 2006. The Veracruz went on sale in March 2007 and was Hyundai's largest crossover (CUV). It replaced the mid-size SUV, the Hyundai Terracan. The Veracruz was built on a Hyundai Santa Fe platform. The revamped 2011 Veracruz was based on the same platform as the Kia Sorento.

The Veracruz offered third row seating and came with all-wheel drive. Hyundai discontinued the Veracruz internationally in 2013 and introduced a long wheelbase version of the Santa Fe.

The Veracruz was discontinued in 2015.

<br>

Thameslink and Great Northern

Thameslink and Great Northern is a train company managed by Go-Ahead and Keolis that run the Thameslink line and the Great Northern routes. The routes were previously operated by First Capital Connect.

Cubic inch

The cubic inch is a unit of measurement for volume in the Imperial units and United States customary units systems. It is the volume of a cube with each of its three dimensions (length, width, and depth) being one inch long.

The cubic inch and the cubic foot are still used as units of volume in the United States. One popular use is for engine capacity, also called cubic inch displacement. The common SI units of volume, the liter, milliliter, and cubic meter, are also used, especially in manufacturing and high technology. One cubic foot is equal to exactly 1,728 cubic inches because 12 = 1,728. One cubic inch equals 16.39 cubic centimeters.

United States Forest Service

The United States Forest Service (USFS) is an agency of the U.S. Department of Agriculture that administers the nation's 154 National Forests. They also manage 20 National Grasslands, which encompass . Major divisions of the agency include the National Forest System, State and Private Forestry, Business Operations, and the Research and Development branch. Managing approximately 25% of federal lands, it is the only major national land agency that is outside the U.S. Department of Interior.

In 1876, Congress created the office of Special agent in the Department of Agriculture to find out the quality and conditions of forests in the United States. Franklin B. Hough was appointed the head of the office. In 1881, the office was expanded into the newly formed Division of Forestry. The Forest Reserve Act of 1891 authorized withdrawing land from the public domain as "forest reserves," managed by the Department of the Interior. In 1901, the Division of Forestry was renamed the Bureau of Forestry. The Transfer Act of 1905 transferred the management of forest reserves from the General Land Office of the Interior Department to the Bureau of Forestry. It was from that time on known as the United States Forest Service. Gifford Pinchot was the first United States Chief Forester in the Presidency of Theodore Roosevelt.

Significant federal legislation affecting the Forest Service includes the Weeks Act of 1911, the Multiple Use – Sustained Yield Act of 1960, P.L. 86-517; the Wilderness Act, P.L. 88-577; the National Forest Management Act, P.L. 94-588; the National Environmental Policy Act, P.L. 91-190; the Cooperative Forestry Assistance Act, P.L. 95-313; and the Forest and Rangelands Renewable Resources Planning Act, P.L. 95-307.

In February 2009, the Government Accountability Office decided whether the Forest Service should be moved from the Department of Agriculture to the Department of the Interior, which already includes the National Park Service, the Fish and Wildlife Service, and the Bureau of Land Management, managing some of public land.

Dodge Power Wagon

The Dodge Power Wagon was a four wheel drive light truck that was produced in various model series from 1945 to 1981 by Dodge. It was also produced as a nameplate for the Dodge Ram from 2005 to 2013, and, most recently, as an individual model marketed by Ram Trucks.

The original version was based on Dodge's 3/4 ton WC series of World War II military trucks. The civilian Power Wagon continued the production of four wheel drive trucks from the 1930s. It is a significant predecessor to the many four wheel drive trucks in modern use today.

As a version of the Dodge 3/4 ton WC series World War II military trucks, the Power Wagon was introduced in 1946 as the first civilian 4×4. It was meant to compete with military-based Ford/Marmon-Herrington and GMC trucks. The Power Wagon had an enclosed all-weather cab and an 8-foot cargo bed. It had a 126 inch (3,200 mm) up to a 147" wheelbase chassis. The Power Wagon had a 230 cubic inch flathead inline-six engine. It had a two-speed transfer case. It came with a 4-speed manual transmission with a power take off (PTO) which would send power front or rear for operating auxiliary equipment. It had 9.00/16-8 ply tires on 16×6.50 inch 5-bolt wheels. In 1961 the 230 engine was replaced with the 251 cubic-inch flat head six. 

The one-ton rated Power Wagon's gross vehicle weight rating (GVWR) was 8,700 pounds. Its maximum payload was 3,000 pounds. It was discontinued in 1968 (against the wishes of the United States Forest Service) due to the expense of new safety and emission requirements. They were, however, exported until 1978.
In 1967, Dodge released a Power Wagon pickup version better suited for the pickup truck market. It was based on Dodge's pickup truck line. A big-block 383 V8 engines became an option starting in 1967. From 1961 to 1971 the body was called the "Sweptline". It then offered a more modern body image from 1972 through 1980 with varied grilles and paint colors. In 1975, the 4-wheel drive became full-time with a 2-speed transfer case. This was changed back to part-time 4-wheel drive in 1980 due to the energy crisis. A huge boost in sales followed the 1974 release of the extended "Club Cab," popular with families and camper towing. The 4-door Crew Cab was far less common and is quite desirable for collectors. Utility and function was unmatched by few competing models, as the towing, payload, and snow plowing capacity of the Power Wagon equipped with "Dana 60" 8-lug axles was very popular with road maintenance crews.

The Power Wagon was sold through the 1980 model year. A number of engineering and styling improvements were made over the years as the truck grew in size and weight but the basic truck remained generally constant throughout its life and underwent one last major body change in 1972.
For 2005, Dodge brought back the Power Wagon name on a version of the Dodge Ram 2500. It was a special off-road version of the Ram 2500 with a 5.7L Hemi V8 as the only engine option. The truck interior remain similar to standard production Ram. As of 2010, the Power Wagon was only available as a Crew Cab Short Bed model. As of 2014, the engine was upgraded to a 6.4L Hemi. The 2014 RAM 2500 Power Wagon got coil springs at all four corners. It is available only with the six-speed automatic transmission.

Chrysler Hemi engine

The Chrysler Hemi engine, known by the trademark Hemi nickname, is a series of V6 and V8 engines built by Chrysler with a hemispherical combustion chamber. Three different types of Hemi engines have been built by Chrysler for automobiles. The first (known as the Chrysler FirePower engine) from 1951 to 1958. The second type was made from 1964 to 1971. The third beginning in 2003. Although Chrysler is most identified with the use of "Hemi" as marketing term, many other auto and truck manufacturers have used similar designs. In general the Hemi engines are smaller and more powerful than older engine designs. They are also less expensive to build. They can produce a great amount of torque and horsepower for their size.

During the 1970s and 1980s, Chrysler also used the "Hemi" name for their Australian-made Hemi-6 Engine and applied it to the 4-cylinder Mitsubishi 2.6L engine. It was installed in various North American market vehicles.

Severnaya Zemlya

Severnaya Zemlya is an group of islands of about 30 islands in the Arctic Ocean. The islands were known as "Emperor Nicholas II Land". Severnaya Zemlya was first noted in 1913 and first charted in 1930–32, making it the last group of islands on Earth to be discovered. Politically, the islands are part of Russia's Krasnoyarsk Krai region, but are uninhabited by humans except for an Arctic base. There is a meteorological station on Golomjanny island. Scientists live there for some months of the year.

Severnaya Zemlya splits the Arctic sea into an western part, called Laptev Sea, and an eastern part, called Kara Sea.

A phenomenon called Arctic sea ice decline can be shown on the islands: In the 20th century, the islands were a portion of Eurasia which was always covered by ice. Even as the ice melted in summer, some of the ice remained, and blocked what is called the Northeast Passage. If it were ice free the Northeast passage would permit to naviagate from the Atlantic to the Pacific Ocean easily. By the late summer of 2012, the permanent ice had reached a record low extent and open water appeared to the north of the archipelago.

Hyundai Elantra

Hyundai Elantra is a compact car sold by Korean automaker Hyundai. It has been sold since 1990. The Elantra is also sold as the Avante in other parts of the world. The car is now in its sixth generation. Beginning in 2012 it was also offered as a coupé model.

The Hyundai Elantra sedan (Lantra in some markets), created as an alternative to available Japanese cars, was launched in 1990. Then Elantra had three restyling. The biggest one was held in 1993, the front and rear bumpers, front and rear lighting have been changed and the cabin was upgraded.

The second Lantra appeared in 1995. The body was now with a smooth design and had a two-side zincing.

In 1998, during the modernization, form of optics, bumpers and hood were changed.

In 2000, the production of the Lantra model was closed, and the Elantra model appeared. It was made at factories in Ulsan and Beijing until 2006.

Hyundai offers Hyundai i30 called Elantra Touring Universal in the United States and Canada. In other countries, the car is sold as Hyundai i30 CW.

In 2012, a sedan base coupe called "Hyundai Elantra Coupe", which is sold exclusively in the United States, was introduced.

In September 2015, the sixth generation of Hyundai Elantra called "Avante" appeared in South Korea.

Sedan Hyundai Elantra (Avante in South Korea) debuted in Hollywood on March 18, 2020.


Alfredo &quot;Chocolate&quot; Armenteros

Alfredo "Chocolate" Armenteros (4 April 1928 – 6 January 2016) was a Cuban trumpeter. He has played with artists such as Arsenio Rodríguez, Generoso Jiménez, Chico O'Farrill, Orchestra Harlow, Eddie Palmieri and Cachao. He was known for making Afro-Cuban jazz, Latin jazz and salsa more popular in the United States where he lived. He was sometimes called "Cuban Louis Armstrong".

Armenteros was born in Santa Clara, Las Villas. He was married eight times, and had nine children, one son and eight daughters.

Armenteros died from prostate cancer on 6 January 2016 in New York City. He was 87.

Kitty Kallen

Kitty Kallen (born Katherine Kalinsky; May 25, 1921 – January 7, 2016) was an American popular singer whose career spanned from the 1930s to the 1960s—to include the Swing era of the Big Band years. She was best known for her 1954 solo recording '"Little Things Mean a Lot". 

Kallen died on January 7, 2016 at her home in Cuernavaca, Mexico at the age of 94.


Florence King

Florence Virginia King (January 5, 1936 – January 6, 2016) was an American novelist, essayist and columnist. She was born in Washington, D.C.. She was known for writing about the American South and worked for the "National Review". She was a conservative columnist.

King died one day after her birthday on January 6, 2016 in Washington, D.C. at the age of 80.

Pat Harrington Jr.

Daniel Patrick "Pat" Harrington, Jr. (August 13, 1929 – January 6, 2016) was an American voice, stage, and television actor. He was best known for his role as building Superintendent Schneider on the CBS sitcom "One Day at a Time". He won an Emmy Award for the role.

Harrington was born in New York City. His father, Pat Harrington, Sr., was also an actor. He was married twice. He had Alzheimer's disease.

Harrington fell in early November 2015. He had a small brain hemorrhage. He died on January 6, 2016 in Los Angeles, California, aged 86.

Lev Nikolayevich Korolyov

Lev Nikolayevich Korolyov (also Korolev, ; September 6, 1926 – January 5, 2016) was a Soviet-born Russian computer scientist. He was a corresponding member of the USSR Academy of Sciences. He was involved in the development of the first Soviet computers.

Korolyov was born in Podolsk, Russia. He studied at Moscow State University. Korolyov died at his home in Moscow, Russia at the age of 89.


Marc Alaimo

Marc Alaimo (born Michael Anthony Alaimo; May 5, 1942) is an American actor. He is known for his villainous roles. He is best known for his role as recurring villain Gul Dukat in the TV series "". He guest-starred in a "Family Guy" episode in which he played "The Dean". 

Alaimo was born in Milwaukee, Wisconsin.

Henry Stuart, Lord Darnley

Henry Stewart or Stuart, Duke of Albany (7 December 1545 – 10 February 1567), styled Lord Darnley before 1565, was king consort of Scotland from 1565 until his murder at Kirk o' Field in 1567. He is usually called Lord Darnley. He was the father of James VI and I. 

Darnley was the second son of Matthew Stewart, 4th Earl of Lennox, and his wife, Lady Margaret Douglas. He was their oldest surviving son. Darnley's maternal grandparents were Archibald Douglas, 6th Earl of Angus, and Margaret Tudor, widow of James IV of Scotland. It is the common belief that Henry Stewart was born on 7 December, but this is disputed. He was a first cousin and the second husband of Mary, Queen of Scots, and was the father of her son James VI of Scotland, who succeeded Elizabeth I of England as James I.

Darnley was found dead outdoors, dressed for bed, after an explosion near his bedroom. Many people thought the Queen had arranged his murder.

Klaas Bakker

Klaas Bakker (22 April 1926 – 7 January 2016) was a Dutch footballer. He played as a midfielder and striker. He played for De Volewijckers between 1943 and 1951. He later played for Ajax until 1957. He was born in Amsterdam, North Holland.

Bakker died on 7 January 2016 in Amstelveen, aged 89.

Sol Polansky

Sol Polansky (November 7, 1926 – January 6, 2016) was an American diplomat. He served as the Ambassador to Bulgaria from 1987 until 1990. He joined the United States Foreign Service in 1957. While in the Foreign Service, he was stationed in the Soviet Union, Poland, West Germany, East Germany and Austria.

Polansky was born Newark, New Jersey. He studied at the University of California, Berkeley and Columbia University.

Polansky died after a long illness on January 6, 2016, aged 89.

Valerio Zanone

Valerio Zanone (22 January 1936 – 7 January 2016) was an Italian politician. He was secretary and president of the Italian Liberal Party. He was also a senator of the Democratic Party. He was mayor of Turin from 30 July 1990 until 31 December 1991. He was born in Turin, Piedmont.

Zanone died on 7 January 2016 in Rome, aged 79.

Yves Vincent

Yves Fred Vincent (5 August 1921 – 6 January 2016) was a French movie and television actor. He appeared in "Sins of Rome" (1953), "Babette Goes to War" (1959), "Muriel" (1963), "Le gendarme se marie" (1968) and "Hibernatus" (1969). 

Vincent was born in Thônes, Haute-Savoie. He spent much time growing up in Algiers, Algeria. He was married twice and had three children.

Vincent died on 6 January 2016 at the age of 94.

Sian Blake

Sian Samantha Blake (13 September 1972 – 14 or 15 December 2015), also known as Syan Blake, was a British actress. She was best known for playing Frankie Pierre on the television show "EastEnders", appearing in 56 episodes between 1996 and 1997. She also appeared "Casualty", "The Bill" and "Skins". She voiced Yugiri in the 2015 video game "".

Blake was born in Walthamstow, London. She had two sons with her partner Arthur Simpson-Kent. She had motor neurone disease.

Blake, aged 43, went missing in December 2015 with her sons. Their dead bodies were found on 5 January 2016 in Erith, London. They all died from head and neck injuries. In February 2016, Simpson-Kent was charged with three counts of murder and was remanded in custody.

White-bellied sea eagle

The white-bellied sea eagle ("Haliaeetus leucogaster"), is also known as the white-breasted sea eagle. It is a large daytime bird of prey in the family Accipitridae. It is closely related to Sanford's sea eagle of the Solomon Islands. 

It is a distinctive bird, with a white belly, white head, breast, under-wing coverts and tail. The upper parts are grey. The black under-wing flight feathers contrast with the white coverts. The tail is short and wedge-shaped as in all "Haliaeetus" species. Like many raptors, the female is slightly larger than the male, and can be long with a wingspan of up to , and weigh . Immature birds have brown plumage, which is gradually replaced with white by the age of five or six years. Its call is a loud goose-like honking.

The bird lives in India and Sri Lanka through Southeast Asia to Australia on coasts and major waterways. It breeds and hunts near water, and fish form around half of its diet. 

Opportunistic, it eats carrion and a wide variety of animals. Although rated of "Least Concern" globally, it has declined in parts of southeast Asia. It is ranked as "Threatened" in Victoria and "Vulnerable" in South Australia and Tasmania. Human disturbance to its habitat is the main threat. The white-bellied sea eagle is revered by indigenous people in many parts of Australia, and is the subject of various folk tales throughout its range.

Off-road vehicle

An off-road vehicle is generally any type of vehicle which can be used for driving on and off paved or gravel surface. Off-road vehicles generally have large tires with deep, open treads and a flexible suspension. Off-road vehicles should not be confused with off-highway vehicles. These are not designed to be used on highways and are capable of traveling cross-country over rough land, marsh, swamps, ice or snow.

Off-road vehicles have a large following because of their many uses and versatility. Several types of motorsports involve racing off-road vehicles. The three largest "4-wheel vehicle" off-road types of competitions are mud racing, desert racing, and rockcrawling. The most common use of these vehicles is for sight seeing in areas distant from paved roads. The use of higher clearance and higher traction vehicles allows access on trails and forest roads that have rough and low traction surfaces.

Rockcrawling is an extreme form of off road driving. Drivers use vehicles anywhere from stock to highly modified to overcome obstacles (usually rocks). In rock crawling, drivers drive highly modified four-wheel drive vehicles such as trucks, Jeeps, and "buggies" over very harsh terrain. Driving locations include boulders, mountain foothills, rock piles, mountain trails, etc. Rock crawling is about slow-speed, careful driving. Rock crawlers often drive up, down and across obstacles that would appear impassable. Such vehicles to rock climb are primarily 4x4s.

Rock crawling competitions range from local events to national series. A rock crawling competition consists of obstacle courses that are about 100-200 yards long. Each obstacle is set up with gates, similar to a ski course.

In the United States and elsewhere off-road vehicles should be ridden only on roads, trails and areas open to off-road travel. At the request of the United States Forest Service, Tread Lightly! created the "RIDE ON" program reminding off-roaders to “RIDE ON Designated Routes”. This was to prevent unregulated motor vehicle travel on public lands. Most US states and other Federal government agencies have similar laws and regulations to safeguard the environment. Tread Lightly!s message of traveling only on existing roads or trails is also designed to prevent social conflicts such as having entire areas closed to off-road travel. 

RAM Rebel truck

The Ram Rebel is a full-size pickup truck made by FCA US LLC (formerly Chrysler Group LLC). The Rebel is a new model for 2015. It has a new grille and tailgate which are different than the regular Ram Trucks. The Ram 1500 Rebel is not just a decal package. It is designed for use both on-road and off-road. The Rebel has features that are standard that would otherwise have to be added by the owner for off-road performance.

The Rebel is available only in the 1500 (half-ton) truck series. It features a blacked-out grille with a large "RAM" letter badge. It stands out as being very different from the RAM truck's iconic "cross-hair" design grilles. Standard equipment includes an off-road powder coated front bumper, skid plates, tow hooks and fog lights. It has projector headlamps with LED marker lights. The aluminum sports hood is distinct to the Rebel. 

The Rebel is standard with an air suspension that rides higher than other RAM 1500s. It has new 17-inch aluminum wheels with black accents. It comes with 33-inch (LT285/70R17E) Toyo Open Country A/T all-terrain tires, Bilstein shock absorbers, and has a different steering and stability-control system than a stock RAM.

The standard engine in the Rebel is a 3.6-liter Pentastar V-6 engine that makes 310 horsepower, 269 pound-feet of torque. It is capable of getting 25 mpg on the highway. The optional V-8 engine is a 5.7-liter HEMI that produces 395 horsepower and 410 pound-feet of torque. It is rated at 15 mpg in the city, 21 mpg on the highway.

Oswald Avery

Oswald Theodore Avery Jr. FRS (October 21, 1877 – February 20, 1955) was a Canadian-born American physician and medical researcher. Most of his career was spent at the Rockefeller University Hospital in New York City.

Avery was one of the first molecular biologists and one of the first people to study immunochemistry.

He is best known for the experiment (published in 1944 with his co-workers Colin MacLeod and Maclyn McCarty) which proved that DNA is the material from which genes are made.

The Nobel laureate Arne Tiselius said that Avery was the most deserving scientist to not receive the Nobel Prize for his work, even though he was nominated for the award several times during the 1930s, 1940s, and 1950s.

Oswald Avery was born in Halifax, Nova Scotia. His father was a Baptist minister. In 1887, his father was asked to move to New York City to lead a church. Avery received his A.B. degree in 1900 from Colgate University. He earned an M.D. degree from the Columbia College of Physicians and Surgeons in 1904. He practiced medicine in New York City until 1907 when he became a researcher at Hoagland Laboratory in Brooklyn, New York. As an adult, Avery had hyperthyroidism (Graves' disease) and he had thyroid surgery in 1934. He was elected a member of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences in 1936.

For many years, genetic information was thought to be in cell protein. Continuing the research done by Frederick Griffith in 1927, Avery worked with MacLeod and McCarty on the mystery of inheritance. He got emeritus status from the Rockefeller Institute in 1943, but continued working for five years, though by that time he was in his late sixties.

In this early experiment dead "Streptococcus pneumoniae" of the virulent strain type III-S, was injected together with living but non-virulent type II-R pneumococci. This resulted in a deadly infection of type III-S pneumococci.

Alfred Hershey and Martha Chase took Avery's research further in 1952 with the Hershey–Chase experiment. These experiments paved the way for Watson and Crick's discovery of the helical structure of DNA, and thus the birth of modern genetics and molecular biology. Of this event, Avery wrote in a letter to his youngest brother Roy, a bacteriologist at the Vanderbilt School of Medicine: "It's lots of fun to blow bubbles but it's wiser to prick them yourself before someone else tries to".

Nobel laureate Joshua Lederberg stated that Avery and his laboratory provided "the historical platform of modern DNA research" and "betokened the molecular revolution in genetics and biomedical science generally".

The collected papers of Avery are stored in two locations: the Tennessee State Library and Archives, and the Rockefeller Archive. Many of his papers, poems, and hand written lab-notes are available at the National Library of Medicine in the Oswald T. Avery Collection, the first of their "Profiles in Science" series.

 

Ashraf Pahlavi

Ashraf Pahlavi (Persian: اشرف پهلوی / Aŝraf Pahlawi, 26 October 1919 – 7 January 2016), was the twin sister of Mohammad Reza Pahlavi, the Shah of Iran (Persia) and a member of the Pahlavi dynasty. She was born in Tehran. She was thought to be the "power behind her brother" and was instrumental in the 1953 coup which led to him taking the throne. She served her brother as a palace adviser and was a strong advocate for women's rights. 

Her brother was Gholamreza Pahlavi, who also lived in exile in Paris until his death in 2017. Her half-brother was Mohammad Reza Pahlavi, the Shah of Iran.

Following the Iranian Revolution in 1979, she lived in exile in New York City, Paris and Monte Carlo and remained outspoken on her country's politics.

Pahlavi died in Monte Carlo, Monaco at the age of 96.

Judith Kaye

Judith Ann Kaye (née Smith; August 4, 1938 – January 7, 2016) was an American lawyer and jurist. She was the longtime Chief Judge of the New York Court of Appeals, serving in that position from March 23, 1993 until December 31, 2008. She was the first woman to serve as chief judge, the highest judicial office in the New York state, and the longest-serving chief judge in New York history.

Kaye died on January 7, 2016, at her home in Manhattan, New York from cancer, aged 77.


Mahmoud Shaltout

Mahmoud Shaltout or Mahmud Shaltut (1893–1963) () was an Egyptian Islamic jurist and scholar. He was a reformer of al-Azhar, a center of Islamic learning in Cairo. He was the highest religious authority in Egypt during the 1960s. He was received his elementary religious education in Alexandria, Egypt. He then spent many years at al-Azhar University in Cairo. There he rose to become rector of the university. Shaltut was a very active writer on the sharia and on tafsir (explaining texts). Some consider him to be the best example of the intellectual and scholarly project of Imam Muhammad Abduh.

He was born in a farming village in Lower Egypt. Shaltut distinguished himself as a student at the religious institute of Alexandria and later at al-Azhar. He became an instructor of Islamic jurisprudence (fiqh) at al-Azhar in 1927. The following year, the reform-minded Muhammad Mustafa al-Maraghi was appointed shaykh al-Azhar (rector). Shaltut was one of his best supporters. When al-Maraghi was forced out of office the following year, Shaltut continued pressing for reforms. 

Shaltut himself took many progressive stands. He wanted translating of the Quran. He was in favor of re-establishing relations with Shia Muslims. He suggested sending Azhari students to Europe for graduate studies. He wanted to admit women. He also wanted to add scientific and technical studies to al-Azhar. Yet he survived as a reformer within al-Azhar. This was unlike such former Azhari modernists as Taha Hussein, Ali Abd al-Raziq, and Mustafa Abd al-Raziq, who ended up on the outside. Out of favor with King Faruq, Shaltut helped deliver Azhari support to Nasser against the Muslim Brothers.

In an effort bring together Sunnis and Shiites worldwide, Shaltut issued a fatwa (religious injunction). It recognized (Twelver) Shiite law as a fifth school alongside the four Sunni schools. He recognized the Ja'fari school of law (called Ithna Ashariyya, or the Twelvers, the largest group in Shia Islam) as one of the five mainstream schools of thought in Islam. This was an important achievement in attempting to unite Muslims around the world. 

The term "Ja'fari" relates to Imam Ja'far al-Sadiq (d. 765). Ja'fari became increasingly used during the twentieth century in the efforts to add Shi'ism as a fifth school of law (madhhab) along with the four established Sunni schools. This led to an interview (and later a fatwa) given by the Shaikh al-Azhar Mahmud Shaltut in 1959. Shaltut went as far as declaring that Muslims are free to attach themselves to any of the five schools.

The fatwa of Mahmud Shaltut was published (in 1959) under the title "Islam: the religion of unity." It was introduced by two arguments. The historical argument about mutual respect and tolerance between different legal schools of Sunnis as well as the Shi'i school. The other was an argument about the harmful effects of prejudice between Muslim schools of fiqh. It was argued that the spirit of ijtihad had turned into antagonism and they were no longer having discussions. Shaltut feels that all schools of fiqh should be ready to accept from one another. They should accept any idea which follows Islamic principles and that ensures the welfare of family and society. As a first step the Ja'fari school of fiqh was included in the curriculum of al-'Azhar.

Shaltut is of the opinion that disbelief in Islam (kufr) is itself not a cause for killing the disbeliever. The apostate should not be killed, since the punishment for apostasy is hellfire and the apostate has no penalty in this world. Mahmud Shaltut believes this based on relevant Qur'anic evidence and concludes that apostasy carries no worldly penalty because it speaks only of punishment in the afterlife.


Troy Shondell

Troy Shondell (born Gary Wayne Schelton; May 14, 1939 – January 7, 2016) was an American singer. His career began in 1957 and he was most famous during the 1960s. He was best known for his 1961 rock and roll single "This Time (We're Really Breaking Up)". The song made the record charts in both the United States and the United Kingdom.

Shondell was born in Fort Wayne, Indiana. He was married to Trina Shondell.

Shondell had Alzheimer's disease and Parkinson's disease. He died from problems caused by the diseases on January 7, 2016 in Picayune, Mississippi. He was 76.

Jenean Hampton

Jenean M. Hampton (born May 12, 1958) is an American politician. She is a graduate of Wayne State University in Detroit, Michigan with a degree in Industrial Engineering. Hampton was a captain in the United States Air Force and a veteran of Operation Desert Storm. After her service in the Air Force she was a manufacturing plant manager for 19 years. She entered politics in 2014 with an unsuccessful run for state representative in Kentucky. Hampton became the Lieutenant Governor of Kentucky in 2015, under Governor Matt Bevin. She is a Republican and a tea party supporter. Hampton is the first African American Lieutenant Governor of Kentucky.

Automotive lighting

The lighting system of a motor vehicle consists of lighting and signalling devices mounted on the front, rear, sides, and in some cases on the top of a motor vehicle, and lights the roadway for the driver. The lighting system also makes the vehicle more visible, especially in low light conditions. It gives warning to other drivers and pedestrians of a vehicle's presence and direction of travel. Emergency vehicles usually carry distinctive lighting equipment to alert drivers and pedestrians of their rapid movement during an emergency.

Vehicles have had lights for well over a hundred years. Candles lit Horse-drawn carriages. The first cars, then called "horseless-carriages" were lit by gas lights. By 1908 electric lighting began to be used on motor vehicles. Red tail lights and yellow brake lights were in use by 1915. Sealed beam headlights were used starting in 1936. By 1940 turn signals were used. Before 1939, headlight design was not standardised. Between 1940 and 1956, all vehicles built in the U.S. were required to have 7’’ round headlights (sealed beams). As of 1956 and up, it became possible to install 4 headlights on 1 vehicle (2 lights per 1 side). In 1960 the first halogen lights were used on European cars and the technology came to the US by 1979. Replaceable car light bulbs were in use in the US beginning in 1983.


Qui-Gon Jinn

Qui-Gon Jinn is a fictional character in the "Star Wars" saga. He is played by Liam Neeson in the 1999 movie "". Qui-Gon is an important character in the first episode of the prequel trilogy. He is a wise and powerful Jedi Master and the mentor of Obi-Wan Kenobi. Jinn is killed by Darth Maul who pierced his body with his lightsaber.


Boba Fett

Boba Fett is a fictional character in the "Star Wars" universe. In "The Empire Strikes Back" and "Return of the Jedi", he is a bounty hunter hired by Darth Vader. He was also added briefly to the earlier movie "A New Hope" when the movie was digitally remastered.

In "Attack of the Clones", it tells his origin as an unaltered clone of the bounty hunter Jango Fett raised as his son. His aura of danger and mystery has created a cult following for the character.

Boba Fett is later seen on the Disney+ series, "The Mandalorian". The spin off series, "Boba Fett" is about his life on Tatooine after the events of "Return of the Jedi". On the two Disney+ series, he is played by New Zealand actor, Temuera Morrison.


BB-8

BB-8 is a robot character in the "Star Wars" franchise, first appearing in the 2015 movie "". It is a sphere-shaped robot with a free-moving domed head. BB-8 is portrayed by both a rod puppet and a remote-controlled robotic unit. It is similar to R2-D2. Its owner is Poe Dameron. It is voiced by Bill Hader.


Rey (Star Wars)

Rey Skywalker is a fictional character in the "Star Wars" franchise, played by Daisy Ridley. She is the main protagonist of the "Star Wars" sequel trilogy.

She first appeared as one of the lead characters in "". Rey is a scavenger who was left behind (for protection) on the planet Jakku when she was a child, and soon becomes involved with the Resistance's conflict with the First Order after meeting Finn, a former Stormtrooper, and BB-8, the droid of ace Resistance pilot Poe Dameron.

Although her background was unknown in the first two movies and her last name was not said as a decision by J. J. Abrams, it was revealed in The Rise of Skywalker that she is the granddaughter of Emperor Palpatine. This disproved fan theories,
saying that she is the daughter of Han Solo, Princess Leia or Luke Skywalker or even Obi-Wan Kenobi's granddaughter.


Finn (Star Wars)

Finn (originally called FN-2187) is one of the main characters in the 2015 movie "". In the movie, he is a Stormtrooper for the First Order who escapes after being shocked by their cruelty in his first combat mission before joining the fight against them. He is played by English actor John Boyega.

Finn became a member of the resistance after he became friends with resistance pilot Poe Dameron. He becomes romantically attached to Rey.


Poe Dameron

Poe Dameron is a fictional character in the "Star Wars" franchise. He was introduced in the 2015 movie "". He was played by Oscar Isaac.

Poe is an X-wing pilot for the Resistance who brings renegade stormtrooper Finn and Jakku scavenger Rey into the fight against—and eventually a victory over—the sinister First Order. He is the master of the loving android BB-8.

He is featured in "The Force Awakens" media and merchandising, and will appear in the movie's forthcoming sequel, "". Isaac and the character have received positive reviews, with Poe being compared to the characterization of Han Solo (Harrison Ford) in the original "Star Wars" movie trilogy.


Brad Fittler

Bradley Scott Fittler (born 5 February 1972), sometimes nicknamed "Freddy", is an Australian professional rugby league coach and former player. He is the current head coach of the New South Wales State of Origin team. He played mostly as a five-eighth. His career lasted from 1989 to 2004. He played for the Penrith Panthers until 1995 and later for the Sydney Roosters. He also coached the Roosters from 2007 to 2009.

Fittler was born in Auburn, New South Wales. He is of German ancestry. He has three children; two of whom with his partner Marie Liarris.


Red Simpson

Red Simpson (March 6, 1934 – January 8, 2016) was an American country singer-songwriter. He was best known for his trucker-themed songs such as the 1971 single "I'm a Truck". The song reached fourth on the U.S. and Canadian country charts. He began his career in 1966. 

Simpson was born in Higley, Arizona. He grew up in Bakersfield, California.

In December 2015, Simpson had a heart attack and was taken to hospital. He died from problems caused by the heart attack on January 8, 2016 in Bakersfield. He was 81.

Maria Garbowska-Kierczyńska

Maria Garbowska-Kierczyńska (3 December 1922 – 2 January 2016) was a Polish actress. She began her career in 1946. She appeared in movies such as "Job, czyli ostatnia szara komórka" (2006) and "Aftermath" (2012). Her television credits included "Plebania" and "Ojciec Mateusz". She was a member of the National Theatre in Warsaw from 1969 to 1979. She was born in Garbów.

Garbowska-Kierczyńska died on 2 January 2016 in Konstancin-Jeziorna, aged 93.

Achim Mentzel

Achim Mentzel (15 July 1946 – 4 January 2016) was a German musician, television presenter and actor. He was best known for hosting his show "Achims Hitparade" from 1989 to 2006. He released 23 singles and seven albums between 1978 and 2010. He was a member of the cover band, Fritzens Dampferband (), together with Nina Hagen. He appeared in the films "The Legend of Paul and Paula" (1973) and "Der Wixxer" (2004). He also appeared in the television shows "Das Amt" and "SOKO Leipzig".

Mentzel was born in Berlin. He was married four times and had eight children.

Mentzel died on 4 January 2016 in Cottbus, Brandenburg, aged 69. It is believed the cause was a heart attack or stroke.

Distributive property

Distribution is a concept from algebra: It tells how binary operations are to be handled. The most simple case is that of addition and multiplication of numbers. 
For example, in arithmetic:

In the left-hand side of the first equation, the 2 multiplies the sum of 1 and 3; on the right-hand side, it multiplies the 1 and the 3 individually, with the products added afterwards.
Because these give the same final answer (8), it is said that multiplication by 2 "distributes" over addition of 1 and 3.
Since one could have put any real numbers in place of 2, 1, and 3 above, and still have obtained a true equation, we say that multiplication of real numbers "distributes" over addition of real numbers.

Given a set formula_1 and two binary operators ∗ and + on formula_1, we say that the operation:

∗ is "left-distributive" over + if, given any elements formula_3, and formula_4 of formula_1,
∗ is "right-distributive" over + if, given any elements formula_3, and formula_4 of formula_1,
∗ is "distributive" over + if it is left- and right-distributive.
Notice that when ∗ is commutative, the three conditions above are logically equivalent.

The distributive property can also be applied to:


Antônio Pompêo

Antônio Pompêo (23 February 1953 – 5 January 2016) was a Brazilian actor. He appeared in the television shows "Balacobaco", "Rebelde", "A Casa das Sete Mulheres", "O Rei do Gado", "Mulheres de Areia" and "Pedra sobre Pedra". He also appeared in the movies "Xica" (1976), "A Samba for Sherlock" (2001) and "Que sera, sera" (2002). He was born in São José do Rio Preto or São José do Rio Pardo, São Paulo.

Pompêo was found dead on 5 January 2016 in Rio de Janeiro, aged 62.

Ioannis Petridis

Ioannis Petridis (; 18 August 1931 – 6 January 2016) was a Greek economist and politician. He was a member of the New Democracy party. He served as an MP for Pieria from 1985 to 1989. He was born in Katerini.

Petridis died on 6 January 2016 in Athens, aged 84.

Anton Srholec

Anton Srholec (12 June 1929 – 7 January 2016) was a Slovak Roman Catholic priest, Salesian and writer. He was ordained by Pope Paul VI in 1970 but was banned under communism rule in Czechoslovakia and was jailed for ten years. He was best known for his work charity work as head of the Resota Center for homeless people in Bratislava. He was born in Skalica.

Srholec died from lung cancer on 7 January 2016 in Bratislava. He was 86.

William Astbury

William Thomas Astbury FRS (Bill Astbury, 25 February 1898, Longton – 4 June 1961, Leeds) was an English physicist and molecular biologist.

Astbury made early X-ray diffraction studies of biological molecules. His work on keratin helped Linus Pauling discover the alpha helix. He also studied the structure for DNA in 1937 and made the first step in working out its structure.

In 1937 Torbjörn Caspersson of Sweden sent him well-prepared samples of DNA from calf thymus. The fact that DNA produced a diffraction pattern showed it had a regular structure. Astbury reported that DNA's structure repeated every 2.7 nanometres and that the bases lay flat, stacked, 0.34 nanometres apart. At a symposium in 1938 at Cold Spring Harbor, Astbury pointed out that the 0.34 nanometre spacing was the same as amino acids in polypeptide chains. Actually, the spacing of the bases in the B-form of DNA is 0.332 nm.

In 1946 Astbury presented a paper at a symposium in Cambridge in which he said: "Biosynthesis is supremely a question of fitting molecules or parts of molecules against another... one of the great biological developments of our time is the realisation that probably the most fundamental interaction of all is that between the proteins and the nucleic acids". He also said that the spacing between the nucleotides and the spacing of amino acids in proteins "was not an arithmetical accident".

Astbury was unable to propose the correct structure of DNA from his data. However in 1952 Linus Pauling used Astbury's insufficient data to propose a structure for DNA, which was also incorrect. Nevertheless Astbury's work encouraged Maurice Wilkins, Raymond Gosling and Rosalind Franklin at Kings College, London. Their X-ray crystallography results were used by Francis Crick and James D. Watson to identify the structure of DNA in 1953.

Karan Brar

Karan Brar "(born January 18, 1999)" is a teenage American actor. He is known from his role as "Chirag Gupta" in the movie series "Diary of a Wimpy Kid". He is also known for co-starring role as "Ravi Ross" on the Disney Channel Original Series "Jessie" and its spinoff series "Bunk'd".

Gary Johnson 2016 presidential campaign

Former Governor Gary Johnson of New Mexico declared his candidacy for the Libertarian Party (LP) nomination for President of the United States on January 6, 2016.

Johnson ran as the Libertarian presidential nominee in the 2012 election. In that race, he finished with the third highest popular vote total, nearly 1.3 million votes, and garnered nearly 1% of the popular vote.

Johnson formally announced his candidacy for the 2016 Libertarian presidential nomination in an interview with Neil Cavuto on the Fox Business Network program "Coast to Coast" on January 6, 2016.

A poll done by Monmouth University to show who people wanted to win the election showed that Johnson was at 11%.

















Otis Clay

Otis Clay (February 11, 1942 – January 8, 2016) was an American R&B and soul singer, who started in gospel music. He was known for his songs "Tryin' to Live My Life Without You" and "The Only Way Is Up". He was born in Bolivar County, Mississippi, but raised in Muncie, Indiana.

In 2013, Clay was inducted to the Blues Hall of Fame.

Clay died of a heart attack on January 8, 2016 in Chicago, Illinois at the age of 73.


Maria Teresa de Filippis

Maria Teresa de Filippis (11 November 1926 – 9 January 2016) was an Italian racing driver. She was known as being the first woman to race in Formula One. She was born in Naples. She participated in five World Championship Grands Prix, debuting on 18 May 1958, but scored no championship points. 

Though largely unsuccessful in her Formula One racing career, she won races in other series and is remembered as a pioneer in the sport.

De Filippis died in Scanzorosciate, Lombardy, in January 2016 at the age of 89.

Ed Stewart

Ed "Stewpot" Stewart (23 April 1941 – 9 January 2016) was a British broadcaster. He was known for his work as a DJ on BBC Radio 1 (particularly the Saturday morning "Junior Choice") and BBC Radio 2 and as a presenter for "Top of the Pops" and "Crackerjack" on BBC Television.

Stewart died in Bournemouth, Dorset from a stroke at the age of 74.


Theodor Morell

Theodor Gilbert Morell (22 July 1886 – 26 May 1948) was Adolf Hitler's personal doctor. For years, Morell treated Hitler with many different drugs. He helped Hitler with almost everything Hitler did. Morell escaped from Hitler's bunker just a few hours before Hitler killed himself there.

Morell was born in a small village called Trais-Münzenberg, in Upper Hesse, Germany. His family was half Jewish. Morell studied medicine in France. Then he trained in obstetrics and gynecology in Munich, Germany. He became a doctor on 23 May 1913.

Morell worked as a ship's doctor for a year. Then, in 1914, when Germany was fighting World War I, he volunteered to be a doctor for the German army. He worked as a doctor in a German army battalion until 1917. By 1918, Morell had opened his own doctor's office in Berlin. He became popular for treating his patients' illnesses in unusual ways. Both the Shah of Persia and the King of Romania asked Morell to be their personal doctors, but Morell refused.

In 1920, Morell married Hannelore Moller, a rich actress.

Morell joined the Nazi Party when Hitler became the Chancellor (leader) of Germany in 1933. In 1935, Morell treated Hitler's personal photographer, Heinrich Hoffmann. Hoffmann told Hitler that Morell had saved his life. In 1936, Hitler met Morell for the first time. Hitler was having very bad stomach pain, and also had a rash on his leg. Morell was able to cure both problems with medicines. After this, Hitler asked Morell to be his personal doctor. Soon, Hitler decided Morell was a medical genius. Morell became one of Hitler's closest friends. Morell began to treat Hitler with a drug he called "Vitamultin" when Hitler felt tired in the morning. Right after he got a shot of Vitamultin, Hitler would feel awake and have a lot of energy. Ernst-Günther Schenck, a doctor in the SS, had some Vitamultin tested. It had methamphetamine in it.

In 1938, Hitler demanded control of part of Czechoslovakia. While Hitler was meeting with the Czechoslovak president, Emil Hacha, Hitler began yelling at Hacha. Hacha became so scared of Hitler that he fainted. Morell injected stimulant drugs into Hacha to wake him up. Morell said these drugs were only vitamins, but they may have included methamphetamine. Soon after Morell gave him the drugs, Hacha agreed to do what Hitler wanted.

Morell began treating Hitler with more and more drugs. Most were medicines sold in stores, but some were Morell's own mixes. Many of the things Morell gave Hitler are toxic (poisonous). Because of this, some historians think Morell accidentally made Hitler's bad health even worse.

Morell kept a medical diary of the drugs, vitamins and other chemicals he gave Hitler. The diary lists 74 different drugs, in 28 different mixtures. These drugs include psychoactive drugs like heroin, and things sold as poisons. Some of the other drugs Morell gave Hitler were:





Many of Hitler's other close friends did not like Morell. For example, Herman Göring, the Vice-Chancellor of Germany, called Morell "Der Reichsspritzenmeister" ("Injection Master of the German Reich") and "The Master of the Imperial Needle." Both nicknames meant the same thing: that Morell used injections (shots of medicine) to fix every problem.

Morell often argued with Dr. Karl Brandt, who had been Hitler's personal doctor since 1933. Eva Braun, Hitler's girlfriend, called Morell's office a "pig sty" and refused to see him.

On 20 April 1945, during the Battle of Berlin, Hitler was hiding in his bunker in Berlin with Morell and some of his other personal workers. Hitler told Morell and some other workers to fly from Berlin to the Obersalzberg (Hitler's home in the mountains). Morell flew out of Berlin on 23 April.

Morell was soon caught by the Americans. He was interrogated on 18 May 1945. He was kept in jail in an American prison camp, in the same place that the Nazi concentration camp called Buchenwald used to be. However, he was never charged with a crime.

Morell died on 26 May 1948, in a hospital in Bavaria, Germany. He was very obese and had many health problems when he died.


Triple Nine Society

The Triple Nine Society (or just TNS) is a large and famous group for people with a high intelligence quotient. The non-profit organization only has members with high IQs. They must score at the 99.9th percentile or higher on a standard intelligence test. In many cases, people need an IQ of 146 or higher to join. There are now almost 2,000 members in 39 countries.

TNS publishes a journal named "Vidya." Members write articles and poetry. Vidya also has other official business of the society. 

TNS members communicate with one another online through an Internet Forum, Discord and Facebook groups, and have online meetings on Discord and Jitsi.

TNS has meetings in the US every Fall ("ggg999") and meetings in Europe every Spring ("egg999").

The Triple Nine Society started in 1978. It has democratic principles. TNS wants members to freely speak about their views in keeping with the Society's commitment to friendship and intellectual growth.


Lyudvig Chibirov

Lyudvig Alekseyevich Chibirov ("Cybyrty Aleksejy fyrt Ljudvig", , ; born November 19, 1932) is a Ossetian politician. He was born in Tskhinvali. He was the first elected-President of South Ossetia serving from 1993 through 2001.

Merab Chigoev

Merab Ilyich Chigoev (; 15 February 1950 – 9 January 2016) was a South Ossetian politician. He was the former Prime Minister serving from August 1998 until June 2001. He was also Minister of Justice in Yury Morozov's cabinet. He was born in Leningor district, South Ossetian Autonomous Oblast, Georgian SSR, Soviet Union.

Chigoev was killed in a car crash in Tskhinvali, South Ossetia on 9 January 2016 at the age of 65.

Bob Oatley

Robert Ian "Bob" Oatley (11 June 1928 – 10 January 2016) was an Australian businessman, winemaker and yachtsman. He was perhaps best known for owning the Sydney to Hobart-winning yacht "Wild Oats XI". He bought Hamilton Island, Queensland in 2003 for $200 million. He was also responsible for the Rosemount winery, which he founded in 1969.

Oatley was born in Mosman, Sydney, New South Wales. He was married with three children. His granddaughter is equestrian Lyndal Oatley.

Oatley died after an illness on 10 January 2016 in Sydney, aged 87.

Angus Scrimm

Lawrence Rory Guy (August 19, 1926 – January 9, 2016), better known as Angus Scrimm, was an American actor and writer. He best known for playing the Tall Man in the horror movie "Phantasm" (1979) and its sequels, "Phantasm II" (1988), "" (1994), "" (1998), and his final movie "" (2016). He also appeared in the television series "Alias". He wrote liner notes for musician such as Frank Sinatra to The Beatles. He won a Grammy Award for his liner notes. 

Scrimm was born in Kansas City, Kansas. He studied at the University of Southern California in Los Angeles, California.

Scrimm died on January 9, 2016 in Los Angeles, aged 89.

Jim Ross (ice hockey)

James "Jim" Ross (May 20, 1926 – January 1, 2016) was a Scottish-Canadian professional ice hockey player. He played as a defenceman from 1944 until 1955. He played 62 games in the National Hockey League (NHL) for the New York Rangers.

Ross was born in Edinburgh. He later moved to Toronto, Ontario, Canada. His wife, Margaret, died in 2008. They had four children.

Ross died on January 1, 2016 in Woodstock, Ontario, aged 89.

José María Rivas

José María Rivas (12 May 1958 – 9 January 2016) was a Salvadoran footballer. He played for Independiente, Atlético Marte, San Pedro, Huracán and Cojutepeque. He played for his national team 22 times. He was born in San Salvador.

Rivas died from leukemia on 9 January 2016, aged 57.

École de l'air et de l'espace

The École de l'air et de l'Espace is a military school and grande école training line officers in the French Air Force. It is located at Salon-de-Provence Air Base in Salon-de-Provence, France.

Its different curricula lead to the following French & European degrees:

It trains fighter pilots, military engineers and technicians.



Peter Powell (kite maker)

Peter Trevor Powell (c. 1932 – 3 January 2016) was an English kite maker. He developed a steerable kite in 1972, using dual lines. Powell's kites had spars made of Gonystylus which were later replaced with aluminium tubing and, later still, by glass fibre spars.

Powell's kites came with a long, hollow polyethylene tail that was inflated by the wind. The tail added stability as well as looking good when performing stunts. He was born in Gloucester, Gloucestershire.

Powell died from a stroke in Cheltenham, Gloucestershire at the age of 83.

Royal Parker

Royal Pollokoff (April 8, 1929 – January 8, 2016), better known by the stage name Royal Parker, was an American television personality. He began his career in the 1940s and would last until his retirement during the 1990s. He appeared in many roles on television, becoming a staple on television screens. 

Parker was born in Baltimore, Maryland He studied at Baltimore City College. Parker began his career in radio. During his career he announced Dwight D. Eisenhower's victory in the U.S. presidential election, 1952, the assassination of John F. Kennedy, Richard Nixon's resignation, the Iran hostage crisis and the near assassination of Ronald Reagan.

After leaving broadcasting, he ran for a seat in the Maryland House of Delegates in 1994, but lost in the primary election.

Parker died of congestive heart failure in Pikesville, Maryland at the age of 86.


Dermot Mulroney

Dermot Mulroney (born October 31, 1963) is an American actor, musician and director. He has been acting since 1986. He was born in Alexandria, Virginia.

He is known for his roles in the movies "Young Guns", "Where the Day Takes You", "My Best Friend's Wedding", "The Last Outlaw", "About Schmidt", and "". Mulroney played the main villain of NBC's "Crisis", Francis Gibson.

Sam Rockwell

Sam Rockwell (born November 5, 1968) is an American actor. He won an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor in 2018.

He is known for his leading roles in "Lawn Dogs" (1997), "Confessions of a Dangerous Mind" (2002), "Matchstick Men" (2003), "The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy" (2005), "Choke" (2008), "Moon" (2009) and "Seven Psychopaths" (2012), as well as for his supporting roles in "The Green Mile" (1999), "Galaxy Quest" (1999), "The Assassination of Jesse James by the Coward Robert Ford" (2007), "Frost/Nixon" (2008), "Conviction" (2010), "Iron Man 2" (2010), "Cowboys & Aliens" (2011), "The Way, Way Back" (2013) and "Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri" (2017).


Ka-Bar

Ka-Bar (trademarked as KA-BAR, capitalized) is a combat knife first obtained by the United States Marine Corps in November 1942. It was then designated as the 1219C2 combat knife. Later it was called the USMC Mark 2 combat knife. When the United States Navy obtained the knife they called it the U.S. Navy utility knife, Mark 2. KA-BAR is the trademark and namesake of a related knife manufacturing company, KA-BAR Knives., Inc. (formerly Union Cutlery Co.) of Olean, New York. KA-BAR Knives is a subsidiary of the Cutco Corporation.

At the start of World War II, the US Marine Corps was still using the World War I issue Trench knife. Called the knuckle knife, it was a dagger with a studded steel hand guard. The trench knife was suited for trench warfare but it did not meet the needs of the Marines in the Pacific war. The Marine Corps purchased different designs from different knife manufacturers. The Ka-Bar, however, quickly became the marine's favorite. They were made by the Union Cutlery Company (later changed to KA-BAR Cutlery Inc.). Soon other companies were under contract to produce the Ka-Bar. The main use for the Ka-Bar combat knife was hand-to-hand combat with an enemy. However, the number of enemy soldiers killed with a Ka-Bar is thought to be very small. The knife, weighing just over , had a solid pommel (the butt end of the knife) which could be used as a hammer.The knife was used to open food cans in c-rations or k-rations. It was used for cutting wires, opening crates of ammunition and other non-combat uses. 

Although KA-BAR Knives, Inc. currently makes a wide variety of knives and cutlery, it is best known for the Ka-Bar Fighting/Utility knife. It has traditionally used a 7 inch (178 mm) long blade. It is made of 1095 carbon steel with a clip point blade and a stacked leather-washer handle. Other, more modern versions of this knife feature single or dual-edge blades. Many have synthetic handles made of Kraton (a non-slip rubber substitute). For modern outdoor survival use the Ka-Bar knives are still a proven design.


Jeanne Cordova

Jeanne Cordova (July 18, 1948 – January 10, 2016) was an American lesbian and gay rights activist and writer. She was a founder of the West Coast LGBTQ movement. She was a columnist for "Lesbian Tide", "Los Angeles Free Press" and "The Advocate". Her memoir, "When We Were Outlaws: a Memoir of Love and Revolution", won a Lammy.

Cordova was born in Bremerhaven, Germany. She grew up in California. She was of Irish and Mexican ancestry.

Cordova died from brain cancer on January 10, 2016 in Los Angeles, aged 67.

Ralph Hauenstein

Ralph Hauenstein (March 20, 1912 – January 10, 2016) was an American philanthropist and businessman. His leadership has made the Hauenstein Center for Presidential Studies at Grand Valley State University, the Hauenstein Parkinson's and Neuroscience Centers at Saint Mary's Hospital and the Grace Hauenstein Library at Aquinas College. He was also a colonel in the U.S. Army.

Hauenstein was born in Fort Wayne, Indiana. He fought for his country during World War II. He turned 100 in March 2012. His wife of 75 years, Grace Byrnes, died in 2007.

Hauenstein died from natural causes on January 10, 2016 in Grand Rapids, Michigan. He was 103.


Hernán Gamboa

Hernán Gamboa (18 June 1946 – 10 January 2016) was a Venezuelan musician, composer and singer. He began his career in 1956. He was a member of Serenata Guayanesa from 1971 to 1984. He was born in San Tomé, Anzoátegui.

Gamboa died from cancer on 10 January 2016 in Buenos Aires, Argentina. He was 69.

D. A. Pennebaker

Donn Alan "D. A." Pennebaker (, July 15, 1925 – August 1, 2019) was an American documentary filmmaker. He was one of the pioneers of Direct Cinema. Performing arts and politics are his subjects. His subjects cover events of the 1960s.

In 2012, the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences recognized his body of work with an Academy Honorary Award or "lifetime Oscar".

Pennebaker died at his home in Sag Harbor, New York on August 1, 2019, aged 94.


María Lorenza Barreneche

María Lorenza Barreneche Iriarte (3 July 1926 – 5 January 2015) was an Argentine public figure. She was the wife of the late President Raúl Alfonsín from 1949 until his death in 2009. She was First Lady of Argentina from 1983 to 1989.

Barreneche was born in Chascomús, Buenos Aires. She was of Basque ancestry. She had six children with Alfonsín.

Barreneche died after years of poor health on 5 January 2016 in Buenos Aires. She was 89.

Pat Harrington, Sr.

Daniel Patrick "Pat" Harrington, Sr. (February 6, 1901 – September 2, 1965) was a Canadian actor. His Broadway credits include "Panama Hattie" (1940), "Star and Garter" (1942), "The Front Page" (1946), "Call Me Madam" (1950) and "Sunday in New York" (1961). He also appeared in the early television series "A Couple of Joes" (1949) and "The Wonderful John Acton" (1953).

Harrington was born in Montreal, Quebec. He was the father of American actor Pat Harrington, Jr. (1929–2016).


Demmus Hentze

Demmus Hentze (4 December 1923 – 3 January 2016) was a Faroese politician and lawyer. He was a member of the People's Party. He served as Finance Minister from 1975 to 1981. He was born in Sandur, Sandoy. He graduated from the University of Copenhagen.

Hentze died on 3 January 2016 in Tórshavn, aged 92.

Eddie Redmayne

Edward John David "Eddie" Redmayne, OBE (born 6 January 1982) is an English actor. 

He is known for his roles in "The Good Shepherd" (2006), "Savage Grace" (2007), "" (2007), "My Week with Marilyn" (2011), "Les Misérables" (2012), "The Theory of Everything" (2014), "Jupiter Ascending" (2015), "The Danish Girl" (2015), "Sodor's Legend of the Lost Treasure" (2015), and "Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them" (2016).

Redmayne received many awards for his role as Stephen Hawking in The Theory of Everything, for which he won the Academy Award for Best Actor, the BAFTA Award, the Golden Globe Award, and the Screen Actors Guild Award. He has continued to perform in theatre, most notably in the play "Red" (2010), on Broadway, for which he won the Tony Award for Best Performance by a Featured Actor in a Play.


Teofil Codreanu

Teofil Codreanu (1 February 1941 – 10 January 2016) was a Romanian footballer. He played as an attacking midfielder. He played for Rapid Bucureşti and the Romania national football team.

Woman on top

Woman on top (also called cowgirl or riding position) is a group of sex positions in which the man lies back or sits. The woman straddles him facing either forward or backward. The man then inserts his erect penis into the woman's vagina or anus.

The cowgirl name comes from the image of the receiving partner "riding" the other partner the same way a cowboy rides a bucking horse. The position is often cited as one of the more popular sex positions, mostly by women.

The Walk (movie)

The Walk is a 2015 American 3D biographical drama movie directed by Robert Zemeckis and written by Christopher Browne and Zemeckis. 

It is based on the story of French high-wire artist Philippe Petit's walk between the World Trade Center on August 7, 1974. 

The movie stars Joseph Gordon-Levitt, Ben Kingsley, Charlotte Le Bon, James Badge Dale, Ben Schwartz, and Steve Valentine. The movie was released by TriStar Pictures on September 30, 2015, in the United States in IMAX 3D, and on October 9 in regular 2D and 3D. The film was dedicated to the victims of the September 11 attacks in 2001.


Richard Libertini

Richard Libertini (May 21, 1933 – January 7, 2016) was an American stage, movie and television actor.

He played character roles and could speak in many accents. Libertini acted in "Catch-22" (1970), "The In-Laws" (1979), "Popeye" (1980), "All of Me" (1984), "Fletch" (1985), "Fletch Lives" (1989), "Awakenings" (1990), "Lethal Weapon 4" (1998), and "Dolphin Tale" (2011).

Libertini died on January 7, 2016 of cancer in Venice, California, at the age of 82.


Nik Wallenda

Nikolas "Nik" Wallenda (born January 24, 1979) is an American acrobat, aerialist, daredevil, high wire artist, and author. He is known for his high-wire performances without a safety net. 

He holds nine Guinness World Records for various acrobatic feats, but is best known as the first person to walk a tightrope stretched directly over Niagara Falls. He walked across a tightrope from Leo Burnett Building to both Marina City towers in Chicago in December 2014.


Philippe Petit

Philippe Petit (; born 13 August 1949) is a French high-wire artist. He became famous for his high-wire walk between the World Trade Center in New York City, on the morning of August 7, 1974. The 2015 movie "The Walk" is based on his high-wire walk in New York.


George Jonas

George Jonas (June 15, 1935 – January 10, 2016) was a Hungarian-born Canadian writer, poet, and journalist. He wrote 16 books. His best known book was international bestseller "" (1984), the story of an Israeli operation to kill the terrorists behind the 1972 Munich massacre. This was made into the movie "Munich" (2005), directed by Steven Spielberg and starring Eric Bana. He was born in Budapest to a Jewish family.

Jonas died from Parkinson's disease on January 10, 2016, aged 69.



Villa Paul Poiret

Villa Paul Poiret in Mézy-sur-Seine, Yvelines, France, is an important example of modernist architecture. It was Cubism-inspired, and built in the early 1920s. Later Art Deco features were added. It was a private house originally designed by architect Robert Mallet-Stevens.

The house is in of parkland to the west of Paris, overlooking the Seine Valley. It is made of reinforced concrete to a geometric style.

The villa was commissioned by fashion designer Paul Poiret in 1921. It was completed in 1925. The house fell into disrepair, and was sold by Poiret in 1930 to actress Elvira Popescu, who lived there from 1938 to 1985. Popescu hired the architect Paul Boyer in 1932 to alter the original design to the contemporary Art Deco "ocean liner" style, converting windows to portholes, and rounding-off terrace corners. The house was listed as an historic landmark in 1984.

By 1999 the house had once more become dilapidated. It was bought by Laurent Brun. Under the direction of the two French committees responsible for listed buildings, both the outside and inside have been restored. 

Villa Paul Poiret is part of the "Journées de Patrimoine", (Heritage Days) scheme: public and private buildings of historic importance are open to the public on the third weekend in September.

Hamada Emam

Mohamed Yehia Emam (‎; 28 November 1943 – 9 January 2016), better known as Hamada Ema (), was an Egyptian footballer. He played as a centre forward. He played for Zamalek SC in the Egyptian Premier League.

Emam was born in Cairo. His father was goalkeeper Yehia Emam. His son Hazem Emam (born 1975) also played football.

Eman died on 9 January 2016 in Cairo, aged 72.

Fernando Barrachina

Fernando Barrachina Plo (24 February 1947 – 4 January 2016) was a Spanish professional footballer who played as a central defender.

Born in Granada, Barrachina played for Granada, Valencia and Cádiz.

He made one international appearance for Spain in 1969.

He died on 4 January 2016, at the age of 68.

Zelimkhan Yaqub

Zelimkhan Yaqub (; 21 January 1950 – 9 January 2016) was an Azerbaijani poet. He served as a deputy of the National Assembly of Azerbaijan from 1995 to 2005. He was also named the national poet of Azerbaijan in 2005. He was born in Bolnisi Municipality, Georgian SSR, Soviet Union.

Yaqub died on 9 January 2016 in Baku, aged 65.

Ulrich Hahnen

Ulrich Hahnen (10 May 1952 in Krefeld – 10 January 2016) was a German politician. He was a member of the Social Democratic Party (SPD). He served as a deputy of the Landtag of North Rhine-Westphalia from 2010 until his death. In 1994, he became a member of the City Council of Krefeld, North Rhine-Westphalia.

Hahnen died from cancer on 10 January 2016 at the age of 63.

Kingbird

The kingbird ("Tyrannus melancholicus") is a large tyrant flycatcher. This bird breeds from southern Arizona in the United States to as far as south as central Argentina, western Peru, and Trinidad and Tobago. Birds from the northernmost and southern breeding areas migrate to warmer parts of the range after breeding.

An adult tropical kingbird is long and weighs . Both male and female are similar, but young birds have pale buff edges on the wing coverts.

The call is a high-pitched twittering trill, "tree-e-e-e-e-e-e", with a more complex version sung by the male at dawn.

Their breeding habitat is semi-open areas with trees and shrubs, including gardens and roadsides. Tropical kingbirds like to view their surroundings from an open perch, usually high in a tree. They take long flights to catch insects in mid-air, which is called hawking. They sometimes hover to pick food off of plants, which is called gleaning. They also eat some fruit.

These birds defend their territory against intruders, even much larger birds such as toucans, caracaras or hawks. 

They make a flimsy cup nest in a tree. The eggs are cream-colored with reddish-brown marks. The female incubates the typical clutch of two or three eggs for 16 days. After they hatch, it is about 18–19 more days until fledging.

The tropical kingbird is not a threatened species of the IUCN. This is because this bird is very common and they adapt well to changes in their environment.


Rūsiņš Mārtiņš Freivalds

Rūsiņš Mārtiņš Freivalds (10 November 1942 – 4 January 2016) was a Latvian computer scientist and mathematician. He was a member of Latvian Academy of Sciences from 1992. He discovered Freivalds' algorithm. He also taught at the University of Latvia with students including Daina Taimina and Andris Ambainis. He was born in Cesvaine and studied at Moscow State University (MSU).

Freivalds died from a heart attack on 4 January 2016 in Riga, aged 73.


Juan Sebastián Elcano

Juan Sebastián Elcano (1476 – 4 August 1526) was a Spanish explorer of Basque origin. He completed the first circumnavigation of the world started by Ferdinand Magellan. After Magellan's death in the Philippines, Elcano took command of the expedition and completed the voyage to Spain. The voyage proved that the Earth was round. When he returned to Spain the king gave Elcano his own Coat of arms. He also received a pension of 500 ducats.

Elcano was born in 1476 in Getaria, Gipuzkoa in the Basque Country of northern Spain. His parents were Domingo Sebastián de el Cano and Catalina de el Puerto. From his childhood he was a sailor and fisherman. He later smuggled contraband into French ports. He was part of an expedition against Algeria in 1509. In 1519 he was in Seville when Charles V of Spain was sending a major expedition to find a shortcut to the Indies.

Charles V had selected the Portuguese navigator Ferdinand Magellan to lead an expedition made up of five ships and 239 men. Their mission was to find a shortcut to the Far East by going around the tip of South America.

When the expedition wintered on the coast of Brazil the crews joined in a mutiny because they did not want to go any further. By this time Magellan and Elcano no longer trusted each other. Magellan blamed Elcano for the mutiny and placed him in chains. One of Magellan's ships was wrecked in Brazil. By the time they reached the passage between the Atlantic Ocean and the Pacific Ocean, afterwards named the Strait of Magellan, one more ship had turned back. Magellan started through the strait in October 1520 taking a month to get through.

The three ships reached Guam in March 1521. Later in the month they reached Homonhon Island in the Philippines. By this time they had only 150 men. Magellan formed a friendship with the island's king and soon joined in a war between the king and a rival. On April 27, 1521 Magellan was killed in a battle. The remaining men and ships quickly escaped the Philippines arrived at the Spice Islands in November 1521. By this time Elcano commanded the last ship in the expedition. They left the Spice Islands in December. On September 8, 1522 Elcano and his crew reached Spain completing Magellan's expedition. Elcano was surprised to learn they had lost a day in circumnavigating the globe.

He spent about three years at Valladolid. He fell in love with María Vidaurreta. Together they had a daughter. He joined the expedition of Garcia Jofre de Loaísa to colonize the Spice Islands. They left with seven ships and 450 men. the expedition was scattered by bad weather near Cape Horn. The expedition lost six of its seven ships. The remaining ship continued to the Spice Islands. On July 30, 1526 Loaísa died of scurvy. Elcano took command but he died of the disease himself on August 4, 1526.

The Sailing ship "Juan Sebastián de Elcano" is named for the explorer. It is a four-masted, topsail schooner, one of the largest in the world. It had sailed around the earth six times by 1986. The ship has participated in three Operation Sail events in New York harbor. It has probably been sailed more than any other major tall ship. Her home port is Cadiz, Spain. The ship is owned by the Spanish Navy.

<br>

Contraband

The word contraband (Old French "contrebande" "a smuggling") means any item which is illegal to be possessed or sold. The term is used for goods such as:

In international law, contraband means goods sent to territories under the control of the enemy that can be used in armed conflict. Traditionally, contraband is classified into two categories, absolute contraband and conditional contraband. Absolute contraband includes arms, munitions, and various materials. These can include chemicals and certain types of machinery that may be used to wage war.

Conditional contraband includes food and livestock feed. Cargo of this kind, while presumably innocent in character, can be seized if the supplies are destined for the armed forces of the enemy. Under conditions of modern warfare almost everything can be called absolute contraband.

During the American Civil War, slaves who sought refuge in Union army military camps or who lived in territories that fell under Union control were declared contraband. This policy was first used by General Benjamin F. Butler in 1861, in what came to be known as the "Fort Monroe Doctrine," established in Hampton, Virginia. By war's end, the Union had set up 100 contraband camps in the Southern United States. The Roanoke Island Freedmen's Colony (1863–1867) was developed to be a colony. Many adult former slaves worked for wages for the Army at such camps.

Contraband (disambiguation)

Contraband refers to goods which are illegal to possess or trade. Contraband may also refer to:



Mystery shopper

Mystery shopping (or mystery customer) is a management tool used to find out how customers are being treated. Retail companies use it to get an idea about how their branches are being managed and operated. Also franchise chains use it to make sure franchisees are keeping to the agreements made with the parent company.

The idea is to get information which is otherwise hard to obtain. Quality of service, or compliance with regulations and/or agreements are what is often investigated. A company hires a person to be a customer. The company being evaluated does not know who the mystery shopper is.

Mystery shoppers perform specific tasks such as buying a product, asking questions, registering complaints or behaving in a certain way. Afterwards, they provide detailed reports or feedback about their experiences.

Dogue de Bordeaux

The Dogue de Bordeaux, Bordeaux Mastiff, French Mastiff is a dog breed that originated in France. The dogs are large, and usually grow to a shoulder height of between and . They weight between and , but the official standard does not specify a weight. The Bordeaux is a very powerful dog, with a very muscular body. The breed has been put to work in many different capacities, from pulling carts and hauling heavy objects, to guarding flocks and, historically, the castles of the European elite.

Australian Kelpie

The Australian Kelpie, or simply Kelpie, is an Australian sheepdog. The word 'Kelpie' is Gaelic and means "water sprite". They are very successful at herding and driving livestock with little or no guidance. The Kelpie is a medium-sized dog. They come in both the tan markings and solid colors. The Kelpie has been exported throughout the world and is used mainly to herd sheep, cattle and goats. 

The Kelpie can do the work of several men. They are tireless workers and can work all day in the hottest climates. Kelpies are able to travel more than in a single day. Like the Border Collie the Kelpie is an intimidator. It locks eyes with an animal to get it to move. Unlike the Border Collie, the Kelpie also nips at the heels of herd animals to get and keep them moving. 
A typical Kelpie weighs from 25 to 45 pounds. They have a life expectancy of from 10 to 14 years on average. Kelpies have natural oils in their skin that keeps their coat weather resistant. For that reason they should be bathed only when absolutely necessary to avoid drying out their skin. An occasional rubdown with a towel keeps them clean.

The breed has been separated into two distinct varieties: the Show (or Bench) Kelpie and the Working Kelpie. The Show Kelpie is seen at conformation dog shows in some countries and is selected for appearance rather than working instinct, while the Working Kelpie is bred for working ability rather than appearance.

Tajdid

Tajdid () is an Arabic word that means "renewal". It is usually put together with "din" to mean "renewal of the religion." A similar but less common expression is "ihya' al-din" (), which may be translated as "revival of the religion."

The purpose of the tajdid (renewal or revival) is to implement this ideal model in Muslims' lives, wherever and whenever Muslim society exists. This purpose implies that tajdid is a continuous effort by Muslims always to explain Islam and make it applicable in continually changing situations without violating its principles. 

The notion of tajdid in the Islamic tradition can be traced back to the Prophet Muhammad, who said that "At the start of each century there will arise in this ummah (the Muslim community) those who will call for a religious renewal". Such people (mujaddids, or renewers of Islam), are believed to always come in the time when Muslim community departs from the true path defined by the Qur'an and sunnah (example of the Prophet). The task of the mujaddid, therefore, is to return Muslims to their basic sources (the Qur'an and sunnah), to clean Islam from all un-Godly elements, to present Islam and make it flourish more or less in its original pure form and spirit.

The tradition of a renewal of the faith went back to Islam's first century, with the caliph Umar II ('Umar ibn 'Abd al-'Aziz), who came to power in the Muslim year 99 and was particularly revered for his piety, in contrast to his predecessors. He was viewed as a renewer of the faith in an age of increasingly profane rule, and later mujaddids and their movements in various parts of the Islamic world followed his precedent.


Alexander Hickman

Thomas Alexander Hickman (October 19, 1925 – January 11, 2016) was a Canadian lawyer, politician and judge. He was born in Grand Bank, Newfoundland. From 1966 to 1979, he was a member of the Newfoundland and Labrador House of Assembly. He held many cabinet positions including Minister of Justice and Attorney General, Minister of Health, Minister Responsible for Intergovernmental Affairs, Minister of Finance, and Minister of Education.

Hickman died on January 11, 2016 at the age of 90.


Oscar Fritschi

Oscar Fritschi (25 February 1939 – 8 January 2016) was a Swiss politician. He was a member of the Free Democratic Party of Switzerland. He was born in Winterthur, Switzerland. From 1986 to 1992 Fritschi was president of the FDP of the Canton of Zurich. From 1991 to 1992 he was a member of the Cantonal Council of the Canton of Zurich. On November 25, 1991, he was elected in the National Assembly. He resigned in 1999 after he no longer had support. 

Fritschi died at a hospital in Zurich, Switzerland from a short-illness at the age of 76.

John Harvard (politician)

John Harvard (June 4, 1938 – January 9, 2016) was a Canadian journalist and politician in Manitoba. He served as a federal Member of Parliament from 1988 to 2004, and was appointed the 23rd Lieutenant Governor of Manitoba just before Canada's federal election in 2004.

Harvard died in Manitoba at the age of 77.

Abbas Bahri

Abbas Bahri (1 January 1955 – 10 January 2016) was a Tunisian mathematician. He was the winner of the Fermat Prize and the Langevin Prize in mathematics. He was a professor of mathematics at Rutgers University.

He mainly studied the calculus of variations, partial differential equations, and differential geometry. He introduced the method of the critical points at infinity, which is a fundamental step in the calculus of variations.

On 10 January 2016, he died following a long illness at the age of 61.



Ann Z. Caracristi

Ann Zeilinger Caracristi (February 1, 1921 – January 10, 2016) was an American cryptanalyst. She was the former Deputy Director of the National Security Agency, where she served at many positions over a 40-year career. She served as a member of the Secretary of Defense Joint Security Commission and President's Foreign Intelligence Advisory Board. She became the first woman at NSA to be promoted to "GS-18" rank, in 1975. She was born in Bronxville, New York.

In 2002, her name was given to a Naval Intelligence Professionals' award. Caracristi died January 10, 2016, in Washington, D.C. from complications of dementia at the age of 94.

Veijo Meri

Veijo Väinö Valvo Meri (31 December 1928 – 21 June 2015) was a Finnish writer. His work was mainly about World War II and the Cold War. The work is anti-war and has dark humor. He was born in Viipuri, Finland. He wrote novels, short stories, poetry, and essays. He was known for his works; "Manila rope: A novel", "Private Jokinen’s marriage leave" and "Beneath the Polar Star: Glimpses of Finnish History". He won the Nordic Council's Literature Prize in 1973.

Meri died in Helsinki, Finland at the age of 86.

Wim Bleijenberg

Wim Bleijenberg (5 November 1930 – 10 January 2016) was a Dutch footballer. He played as a forward. He played for Wageningen, Rigtersbleek, Ajax, Blauw-Wit Amsterdam, Go Ahead Eagles, Apeldoorn and the national team. He was born in Veenendaal, Utrecht.

Bleijenberg died on 10 January 2016, aged 85.

Reginaldo Araújo

António Reginaldo Matias de Araújo (2 October 1977 – 11 January 2016) was a Brazilian footballer. He played as a defender. He played for Coritiba, São Paulo, Santos, Flamengo, Santa Cruz and Criciúma. He was born in Presidente Prudente, São Paulo.

Araújo died from a heart attack on 11 January 2016 in Cornélio Procópio, Paraná. He was 38.

Gunnel Vallquist

Gunnel Vallquist (19 June 1918 – 11 January 2016) was a Swedish writer and translator. She became a member of the Swedish Academy in 1982. She wrote over twenty books. She also translated "In Search of Lost Time" by Marcel Proust from French into Swedish. She was born in Stockholm.

Vallquist died on 11 January 2016, aged 97.

Brian Johnson (rugby league)

Brian James Johnson (26 June 1956 – 11 January 2016) was an Australian professional rugby league player and coach. He was born in Dapto, New South Wales. He played as a fullback. He played in Sydney for the St George Dragons and Eastern Suburbs. He later played in England for Warrington. 

Johnson died from Alzheimer's disease on 11 January 2016 in Wollongong, aged 59.

Darryl Cherney

Darryl Cherney (born 1950s) is an American musician and environmental activist. He is a member of the Earth First! environmental movement. He was born in New York City, New York, but raised in Eureka, California. Cherney ran for congress in the 1988 Democratic primary, but lost.

On May 24, 1990, Cherney and his friend, fellow activist Judi Bari, were injured when a pipe bomb exploded in his car. Both were severely injured by the explosion. The case was investigated by the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI), which accused Cherney of bombing themselves. He later sued the FBI and was later awarded $4.4 million. Bari died from her injuries. In 2012, Cherney's documentary movie "Who Bombed Judi Bari?" was released.

Cherney announced in 2015 that he was running for President of the United States for the Green Party nomination in the 2016 United States presidential election. He is running against Jill Stein for the nomination.


Jill Stein 2016 presidential campaign

Jill Stein, a physician from Massachusetts, is seeking the nomination of the Green Party of the United States for President in 2016. In 2012, Stein was the Green Party's nominee and received 469,501 votes for President of the United States in the 2012 general election.

On February 6, 2015, Stein announced the formation of an exploratory committee in preparation for a potential campaign for the Green Party's presidential nomination in the 2016.

She officially declared she was running for president for a second time during an appearance on Democracy Now! on June 22, 2015.

Prohibition Party

The Prohibition Party (PRO) is a political party in the United States. The party is known for its historic opposition to the sale or consumption of alcoholic beverages.

It is the oldest existing third party in the United States. The party was an important part of the temperance movement. While never one of the leading parties in the United States, it was once an important force in the Third Party System during the late 19th and early 20th centuries. This was also the case in mid century Europe. It declined dramatically after the repeal of Prohibition in 1933. 

The party earned only 519 votes in the 2012 presidential election with Jack Fellure as the candidate. James Hedges was the candidate in the 2016 presidential election winning 5,617 votes.


Doping in sport

In sport, doping is the use of a drug that athletes or competitors are not allowed to use. Certain drugs, such as steroids, are not allowed (or banned) in professional sports. This is because they can help a competitor's performance, by making them stronger or faster. This gives them an unfair advantage over other competitors. The drugs may be legal, but competitors will not be allowed to use them. Many sports make competitors take a drug test to prove that they are not using any drugs.


Gloria La Riva

Gloria Estela La Riva (born August 13, 1954, in Albuquerque, New Mexico) is an American politician. She works with the Party for Socialism and Liberation and in California with the Peace and Freedom Party, and previously with the Workers World Party. 

She was the PSL's 2008 presidential candidate, and was also vying for the nomination of the Peace and Freedom Party in California, but lost the bid to Ralph Nader. La Riva ran as the PSL's presidential candidate in the 2016 race, with Eugene Puryear as her running mate.

She is running for President in the 2020 election with Leonard Peltier as her running mate. 


Governor of New Mexico

The Governor of the State of New Mexico is the chief executive of the state of New Mexico. The governor is the head of the executive branch of New Mexico's state government and the commander-in-chief of the state's military forces. They also make annual State of the State addresses to the New Mexico State Legislature, submitting the budget, and ensuring that state laws are enforced. 

The current governor is Michelle Lujan Grisham, a Democrat. Grisham won the November 2018 gubernatorial election and was sworn in as the 32nd Governor of the state of New Mexico on January 1, 2019. 

, there were four former governors of New Mexico living, the oldest being Jerry Apodaca (1975–1979, born 1934). The most recent governor of New Mexico to die and most recent to serve to die was Bill Richardson (2003–2011), who died on September 1, 2023.


Doping (semiconductor)

In electronics, doping is the process of adding certain chemical elements to a semiconductor in order to change its electric conductivity. These elements are tiny impurities. This is done to create diodes that make electricity go in one direction, or to make transistors and semiconductor switches.

When the element boron is added to silicon, the boron "dopant" is called an "acceptor" because it likes accepting electrons. When the element phosphorous is added to silicon, the phosphorous is called a "donor" because it does not like electrons.

There are two types of doping: (1) n-type(negative type) doping (2) p-type(positive type) doping

(1) n–type doping: In this, element with five valence electrons are added as impurity(pentavalent impurity or donor impurity) in the semiconductor. Semiconductor has four valence electrons, when it is doped with pentavalent impurity the four valence electron make covalent bonds and the remaining one is now free to move, this is how n-type doping increases conductivity of the semiconductor. The excess of electron (e) in the n-type semiconductor generates an overall negative charge and thus the name n-type semiconductor.

(2) p-type doping: In this, element with three valence electron are added as impurity (trivalent impurity or acceptor impurity) in the semiconductor. Three of the four electrons in the semiconductor bond with the three electrons of the dopant. The remaining electron could not make bond and thus the vacant space where electron should be there is created. This vacant space is know as holes. An electron from another atom jumps in the hole to fill it, leaving another hole where it was, and then the same thing continues. Thus, by this way conductivity is increased in p-type doping.

The impurities are added to the silicon through multiple processes, including "Spin Coating". A thin layer of phosphorus or boron, usually mixed with a liquid to help it spread out, is spun at high speeds on the silicon. The mixture spreads out the phosphorous or boron, and then is baked. 

Another process involves a scaled down particle accelerator that smashes atoms of the chosen "dopant" into the silicon, which adds the impurity, called "Ion Implantation".

Marc Allan Feldman

Marc Allan Feldman (October 10, 1959 - June 22, 2016) was an American physician, political commentator, and activist. Feldman was also a practicing physician. He had been employed at the Cleveland Clinic since August 1998. He was also the owner of a small business called Openivo, Inc. Feldman had also served as the president of the Ophthalmic Anesthesia Society.

On January 13, 2015 Feldman announced that he was running for President of the United States in the 2016 election as a Libertarian. His main goal in running was to address how much money influences the political system. He had called his campaign "Votes Not For Sale" and wouldn't take any donations over $5. On May 26, 2016, Feldman participated in a political debate at the 2016 Libertarian National Convention, alongside Gary Johnson, Austin Petersen, John McAfee, and Darryl W. Perry. Feldman would place fifth on the second nominating ballot, losing to Gary Johnson.

On June 22, 2016, Dr. Feldman was found unresponsive at the America's Best Value Inn in Brook Park, Ohio. He was pronounced dead at the scene a short time later. The cause of death was atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease. 

Austin Petersen

Austin Wade Petersen (born February 19, 1981) is an American producer, writer, political activist, and commentator. He was the runner-up for the Libertarian Party's nomination for President of the United States in 2016, finishing second place to former governor Gary Johnson with 21% of the vote. 

As of 2016, Petersen is the owner and CEO of a photo and video consulting firm called Stonegait LLC and is the founder of "The Libertarian Republic" and "Liberty Viral", both libertarian news and commentary websites.

Petersen was born in Independence, Missouri, but raised on a farm in Peculiar, Missouri. He is the son of Donna and John D. Petersen. He studied at Missouri State University, where he graduated with a degree in musical theater.

Petersen was running for President of the United States in the 2016 presidential election for the presidential nomination for the Libertarian Party. 

After Gary Johnson won the nomination for President of the United States of the Libertarian Party (United States), Petersen delivered a concession speech. During the speech, Petersen said, "You have my full support, my full respect, and my gun!" and proceeded to gift Johnson with a replica of George Washington's flintlock pistol. Petersen could not, however, endorse Johnson's preferred Vice Presidential candidate, former Massachusetts Governor, William Weld. He threw his support to ballot access lawyer Alicia Dearn. Afterwards, Gary Johnson threw away the pistol that Austin Petersen had given him.

Petersen has stated his intention to return home to spend time with his family, to relax, and to recover from the strenuous months of campaigning. He looks forward to supporting Gary Johnson's presidential campaign and working to further the ideals of the Libertarian Party (United States).

A few months after losing the Libertarian Nomination for President Petersen has done Facebook Live streams where he talks about current political issues and has stated he is interested in running for President in 2020.

On July 4, 2017, Petersen announced that he is running under the Republican Party in the 2018 Missouri Senate race against current Democratic Senator Claire McCaskill.


John McAfee

John David McAfee (September 18, 1945 – June 23, 2021) was a British computer programmer. He was the developer of the first commercial anti-virus program. This bore the McAfee brand-name for years, until it was bought by Intel and given the Intel name.

McAfee was born in an U.S. Army base stationed in the United Kingdom. He was raised in Virginia and Alabama.

His wealth peaked at $100 million, before his investments suffered in the global crisis of 2007. McAfee also had interests in smartphone apps, yoga and all-natural antibiotics.

On September 8, 2015, McAfee announced that he would seek the office of President of the United States in the 2016 presidential election as the candidate of a newly formed political party called the Cyber Party. On December 24, 2015 he re-announced his candidacy bid, saying that he would instead seek the Libertarian nomination for President.

On June 4, 2018, McAfee announced his plans to run for president as a Libertarian in the 2020 presidential election.

On June 23, 2021, McAfee was found dead after committing suicide by hanging in a prison cell in Sant Esteve Sesrovires near Barcelona. Hours before his death, Spain approved for McAfee to be extradited to the United States for tax crimes.


Lionel Cranfield, 3rd Earl of Middlesex

Lionel Cranfield, 3rd Earl of Middlesex (1625 – 26 October 1674) was an English peer, named Hon. Lionel Cranfield from 1640 until 1651.

Cranfield became next Earl of Middlesex, after his brother, in 1651. Around 1655, he married Rachel, daughter of the Earl of Westmorland and widow of Henry Bourchier, 5th Earl of Bath. In May 1660, he was one of the six people selected by the Convention Parliament to ask Charles II of England to come back. He became a Gentleman of the Bedchamber to Charles II in 1673. He died the next year without children; his titles went to no one, and his property went to the son of his sister, Charles Sackville, 6th Earl of Dorset.

National Geographic (magazine)

The National Geographic, formerly The National Geographic Magazine, is the official magazine of the National Geographic Society. It has been published since the first issue in 1888. This was nine months after the Society itself was founded. It mostly contains articles about world culture, history and geography. Its famous trademark is the yellow rectangular border that goes around the cover of each issue. 

The magazine is published monthly. Additional maps are also included with subscription copies. It is available in a traditional printed format. Special and online formats are also available.

As of 2015-2016 the magazine had a worldwide circulation of 6.8 million per month. Its U.S. circulation is around 3.5 per month.

In 2008 the magazine won three National Magazine Awards. This included an award for general excellence the second year in a row.

On 9 September 2015, the National Geographic Society announced a deal with the 20th Century Fox that would move the magazine to a new partnership, National Geographic Partners, controlled by 20th Century Fox.

The magazine has had various editors since it was founded.

Berge Furre

Berge Ragnar Furre (13 April 1937 – 11 January 2016) was a Norwegian historian, theologian and politician. He was a member of the Socialist People's Party (SF) and later Socialist Left Party (SV). He was the leader of the Socialist Left Party from 1976 until 1983. He was also known for work on 1900s Norwegian history. He was born in Sjernarøy, Finnøy.

Furre died after an illness on 11 January 2016, aged 78.

Ivan Bukavshin

Ivan Aleksandrovich Bukavshin (; 3 May 1995 – 12 January 2016) was a Russian chess Grandmaster. He won the Russian Cup in 2015. He became Grandmaster in 2011. He was U12 European champion in 2006, U14 European Youth Champion in 2008 and U16 European champion in 2010. He was born in Rostov-on-Don.

Bukavshin died in Tolyatti on 12 January 2016. He was originally thought to have suffered a stroke. Now it is reported that a massive overdose (or poisoning) of Drotaverine caused his death. It is possible that the reports are consistent, because the overdose might have caused the stroke.


Rescue 911

Rescue 911 was an American reality-based television series. The show premiered on CBS on April 18, 1989 and ended on August 27, 1996. The series was hosted by William Shatner. It carried reenactments. It also included footage of real emergencies.

It was never intended as a teaching tool. However some viewers used the knowledge they got watching the show. There were two specials: "100 Lives Saved" and "200 Lives Saved". They were dedicated to viewers who wrote CBS with their stories about watching "Rescue 911".

The show carried two episodes on Hurricane Hugo. It also had episodes on the 1986 New Year's Eve fire in Puerto Rico. It covered a June 1990 tornado and a 1987 Amtrak train wreck.

A reboot of "Rescue 911" was scheduled for late 2019.

Missionaries of Charity

Missionaries of Charity (MC) is a Roman Catholic Latin rite congregation started on 7 October in 1950. It was founded by Mother Teresa. It started in the slums of Kolkata (Calcutta, India) with Mother Teresa and 12 sisters. It now has a membership of nearly 5,000 sisters worldwide. Members of the religious order show they belong to this group using the order's initials, "M.C." A sister who belongs to MC must follow their vows of chastity, poverty and obedience. There is also a fourth vow, to give "wholehearted free service to the poorest of the poor." MC members all wear the same white and blue habit that Mother Teresa wore.

In 1948 Mother Teresa changed her Sisters of Loreto habit to a simple cotton white sari with one blue stripe. Blue is the color of the Virgin Mary. The sari covered an all white habit. She (and later, her sisters of charity) wore the habit for over ten years. But parents of several Bengali sisters pointed out that the sari with one blue stripe was also worn by poor women who swept the streets of Calcutta. Mother Teresa and her sisters officially adopted the three blue stripes in 1960.

<br> 

Columba

Saint Columba (Irish "Colm Cille", "Columb of the Church"; 7 December, 521–9 June, 597) was an Irish priest and missionary. He left Ireland in 563 AD on his mission to bring Christianity to Dál Riata, now western Scotland. He built the famous monastery on the Island of Iona which became known as a "holy island'.

Columba was born on December 7, 521 A.D. in Gartan, County Donegal. His father was Fedhlimidh, a great-grandson of Niall of the Nine Hostages, 4th century High King of Ireland. His mother was Eithne of the Uí Néill clan. She was a member of the royal family of Leinster. While still young he decided on a monastic life. He was educated in Ireland at schools in Moville, Glasnevin and Clonard Abbey. He founded the Irish monasteries at Derry and at Durrow, County Offaly.

In about 563 AD, Columba and his followers left Donegal by boat and traveled to the island of Iona off the west coast of Scotland. His mission to Scotland may have been more a case of penance for a battle he may have caused. He refused to return a copy of the Gospels he had copied without permission. He upset the king of Ireland by his refusal, which led to a battle won by his clan. Columba felt remorse over the deaths this caused. Once there he and his monks began the religious conversion of most of Scotland which at that time was pagan. Their fame and influence spread to most of Europe. It became a place of pilgrimage. It also became known as a holy island where 48 kings of Scotland, 4 kings of Ireland and 8 kings of Norway are buried. In 597 Comumba died on Iona. Books on his life began being written a century later. The best known of these was written by Adomnán sometime between 697 and 700. He was proclaimed a saint before the modern process of canonization.


Jimmy Fitzmorris

James Edward "Jimmy" Fitzmorris, Jr. (November 15, 1921 – June 30, 2021) was an American businessman and civic leader. He was the Democratic Lieutenant Governor of Louisiana from 1972 to 1980. He was the first full-time lieutenant governor in state history. He was the last lieutenant governor whose duties included presiding over the Louisiana State Senate.

In 1979, he ran third in the nonpartisan blanket primary for governor. In 1983, he was unsuccessful is his effort to regain the lieutenant governor's office.

Fitzmorris died on June 30, 2021 in Slidell, Louisiana less than five months before his 100th birthday.

David Margulies

David Joseph Margulies (February 19, 1937 – January 11, 2016) was an American actor. He was known for his roles as the Mayor of New York City in "Ghostbusters" and in "Ghostbusters II" and as Neil Mink in "The Sopranos". 

Margulies died in Manhattan, New York from unknown causes at the age of 78.


Bernie Worrell

George Bernard "Bernie" Worrell, Jr. (April 19, 1944 – June 24, 2016) was an American keyboardist and composer. He was best known as a founding member of Parliament-Funkadelic and for his work with Talking Heads. He was a member of the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame, inducted in 1997 with fifteen other members of Parliament-Funkadelic.

Worrell was born in Long Branch, New Jersey. He was raised in Plainfield, New Jersey. Worrell studied at Juilliard School. He lives in Hampton, New Jersey.

In January 2016, Worrell was diagnosed with stage-4 lung cancer.

Worrell died of the disease on June 24, 2016 in Everson, Washington, aged 72.




Tom Latham

Thomas Paul "Tom" Latham (born July 14, 1948) is an American politician. He was the U.S. Representative for serving from 2013 through 2015. He is a member of the Republican Party. On December 17, 2013, Latham announced he would not seek reelection next term, becoming the third member of the House to announce his retirement on the same day (along with Rep. Frank Wolf from Virginia and Utah Rep. Jim Matheson).

Piet Steenkamp

Petrus Antonius Josephus Maria "Piet" Steenkamp (8 March 1925 – 8 January 2016) was a Dutch politician and economist. He was a member of the Christian Democratic Appeal (CDA), which he co-founded. He was President of the Senate from 1983 to 1991. He was born in Uithoorn, North Holland.

Steenkamp died on 8 January 2016 in Eindhoven, North Brabant, aged 90.

Andrew Smith

Andrew Smith (September 9, 1990 – January 12, 2016) was an American basketball player. He was a center. He played college basketball for the Butler Bulldogs (Butler University) from 2009 to 2013. He played professionally for BC Neptūnas in Lithuania from 2013 to 2014. He was born in Washington, D.C. and grew up in Indianapolis, Indiana.

Smith died from non-Hodgkin lymphoma on January 12, 2016 in Indianapolis, at the age of 25.


Robert M. Cundick

Robert Milton Cundick, Sr. (1926 – January 7, 2016) was an American Latter-day Saint composer. He served for many years as an organist at the Salt Lake Tabernacle. At this role, he was a member of the Mormon Tabernacle Choir. He also played organ solos on the weekly broadcast, "Music and the Spoken Word". He retired in 1991. After this, Cundick and his wife became Directors of Hosting at the BYU Jerusalem Center in Jerusalem, Israel. He was born in Salt Lake City, Utah.

Cundick died on January 7, 2016 at the age of 89.

Arthur S. Obermayer

Arthur S. Obermayer (July 17, 1931 – January 10, 2016) was an American entrepreneur and philanthropist. He was the founder and president of the Moleculon Research Corporation. He was a co-founder of Partners for Progressive Israel and the Obermayer German Jewish History Awards.

Obermayer was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. He came from a German Jewish family. He was married to Judith Obermayer and had three children.

Obermayer died from cancer on January 10, 2016 in Dedham, Massachusetts, aged 84.

Yusuf Zuayyin

Yusuf Zuayyin (‎; 1931 – 10 January 2016) was a Syrian politician. He was a member of the Ba'ath Party. He served as Prime Minister from 1965 and, again, from 1966 to 1968. He was born in Al-Bukamal.

Zuayyin died after a long illness on 10 January 2016 in Stockholm, Sweden. He was 84.

J. F. R. Jacob

Jacob Farj Rafael Jacob (14 June 1923 – 13 January 2016) was an Indian Army Lieutenant General. He was best known for the role he played in India's victory in the Indo-Pakistani War of 1971 and the Liberation of Bangladesh. Jacob, then a Major General, served as the Chief of Staff of the Indian Army's Eastern Command during the war. He also served in World War II and the Indo-Pakistani War of 1965. He was the Governor of Goa and Punjab. He was also the administrator of Chandigarh between November 1999 and November 2003.

Jacob was born in Calcutta (now Kolkata), Bengal Presidency, British India. His family were Baghdadi Jews from Iraq.

Jacob died from pneumonia on 13 January 2016 in New Delhi, aged 92.

Carotenoid

Carotenoids (or tetraterpenoids) are organic pigments. They are found in the chloroplasts and chromoplasts of plants, and also some bacteria and fungi. 

The only animals known to produce carotenoids are aphids and mites, which got the genes from fungi. 

There are over 600 known carotenoids. They are of two types, xanthophylls (which contain oxygen) and carotenes (which are purely hydrocarbons with no oxygen). 

Carotenoids have two key roles in plants and algae: they absorb light energy for use in photosynthesis, and they protect chlorophyll from photodamage. Beta-carotene is the most common form in plants. 

Some carotenoids (like β-carotene) have vitamin A activity (so they can convert to retinol). These and other carotenoids can also act as antioxidants. In the eye, certain other carotenoids (lutein, astaxanthin, and zeaxanthin) apparently act directly to absorb damaging blue and near-ultraviolet light. This protects the macula of the retina, the part of the eye with the sharpest vision.

Marjorie Pizer

Marjorie Pizer (3 April 1920 – 4 January 2016) was an Australian poet. She wrote over twenty poetry books between 1947 and 2014. She created publishing group The Pinchgut Press with her husband in 1947.

Pizer was born in Melbourne, Victoria. She studied literature at the University of Melbourne. She lived most of her life in Sydney, New South Wales. Her husband was Muir Holburn, who died in 1960. They had two children.

Pizer died after a short illness 4 January 2016 in Canberra. She was 95.


Leo Rucka

Leopold Victor "Leo" Rucka (August 18, 1931 – January 4, 2016) was an American professional football player. He played as a linebacker for the San Francisco 49ers of the National Football League (NFL) in 1956. He was born in Wooster, Baytown, Texas.

Rucka died on January 4, 2016 in Crosby, Texas, aged 84.

János Radványi

János Radványi (4 August 1922 – 11 January 2016) was a Hungarian diplomat who became an American political scientist and academic professor. He served as Hungarian Ambassador to the United States between 1962 and 1967. He became an American citizen in 1978. He taught at Mississippi State University (MSU). He was born in Budapest.

Radványi died after a long illness on 11 January 2016, aged 93.

Cornelis Zitman

Cornelis Zitman (9 November 1926 – 10 January 2016) was a Dutch sculptor and draftsman. He was born in Leiden, Netherlands. He began teaching classes in design at Central University of Venezuela and continued drawing and painting. In 1958, he exhibited a collection of drawings and paintings at the Museum of Contemporary Art of Caracas. His works can be found in collections and museums of various countries, such as the National Art Gallery and the Museum of Contemporary Art of Caracas in Venezuela, and the Musée Maillol in Paris.

Zitman died on 10 January 2016 in Caracas at the age of 89.

Robert Black (serial killer)

Robert Black (21 April 1947 – 12 January 2016) was a Scottish serial killer convicted of the kidnapping and murder of four girls between the ages of 5 and 11, between 1981 and 1986 in the United Kingdom. He was convicted of sexually assaulting one of the girls, and of raping the other three. Black was also convicted of the kidnapping of a fifth girl, and the attempted kidnapping of a sixth. Black was born in Grangemouth, Stirlingshire.

Black was arrested on 14 July 1990, near Stow, Scotland. The following month, Black was convicted of abduction and was sentenced to life imprisonment. Black was attacked in his Wakefield prison cell in July 1995 after being ambushed by two inmates.

Black died on 12 January 2016 of natural causes in Maghaberry prison, Northern Ireland, aged 68.

Peter Gavin Hall

Peter Gavin Hall FAA FRS AO (20 November 1951 – 9 January 2016) was an Australian researcher in probability theory and mathematical statistics. The American Statistical Association described him as one of the most influential and prolific theoretical statisticians in the history of the field. Hall was an author in probability and statistics. Mathscinet lists him with more than 500 publications as of January 2008.

Hall died in Melbourne, Victoria from leukaemia at the age of 64.

Georg Nees

Georg Nees (23 June 1926 – 3 January 2016) was a German academic. He was a pioneer of computer art and generative graphics. He studied mathematics, physics and philosophy in Erlangen and Stuttgart and was scientific advisor at the SEMIOSIS, International Journal of semiotics and aesthetics. He was born in Nuremberg, Germany.

In 1977, he was appointed Honorary Professor of Applied computer science at the University of Erlangen Nees is one of the "3N" computer pioneers, an abbreviation that has become acknowledged for Frieder Nake, Georg Nees and A. Michael Noll, whose computer graphics were created with digital computers. He retired in 1985.

Nees died on 3 January 2016 in Nuremberg, Germany of heart failure at the age of 89.

Canadian Pacific Air Lines

Canadian Pacific Air Lines, also known as CP Air, was a Canadian airline. It existed from 1942 to 1987. In the 1940s, several small airlines were combined to form CP Air. Air Canada was owned by the government and CP Air could not fly the same routes that Air Canada flew. So in 1949, the airline started international flights to Australia, China, Fiji and The Netherlands. These were countries that Air Canada did not service. In 1961, it bought its first jet aircraft - a Douglas DC-8. By the 1960s CP Air flew to several cities across 5 continents—Asia, Australia, Europe, North America and South America. In the early 1980s CP Air was allowed to fly wherever it wanted. It rapidly increased the number of planes and opened several new routes. By 1987, the airline had a debt of $1 billion. In 1987 Air Canada was privatized by the National Transportation Act. The company Pacific Western Airlines then purchased Canadian Pacific Airlines. It was renamed Canadian Airlines. Canadian Airlines itself was combined with Air Canada in 2001.

Zaharije Trnavčević

Zaharije Trnavčević (; 2 January 1926 – 13 January 2016) was a Serbian journalist and politician. He was president of the political party Rich Serbia from 2011 until his death. He became a member of parliament in 2012. He was acting President of the National Assembly of Serbia from 31 May 2012 to 23 July 2012. He was born in Šabac.

Trnavčević died on 13 January 2016 in Belgrade, aged 90.

Giorgio Gomelsky

Giorgio Gomelsky (28 February 1934 – 13 January 2016) was a Georgian-British record producer, band manager, filmmaker and impresario. He owned the Crawdaddy Club in Richmond, London. He managed the rock bands The Rolling Stones and The Yardbirds. He also worked closely with Daevid Allen. In 1967, he started Marmalade Records (distributed by Polydor). He wrote songs under the name "Oscar Rasputin".

Gomelsky was born in Tiflis (now Tbilisi). His father was a doctor and his mother was from Monte Carlo. He grew up in many countries including Syria, Egypt, Italy and Switzerland. He moved to London, United Kingdom when he was a young adult in the 1950s. In the 1970s, he moved to New York City, United States.

Gomelsky died from cancer on 13 January 2016 in New York City. He was 81.


Leonid Zhabotinsky

Leonid Ivanovych Zhabotynsky (; 28 January 1938 – 14 January 2016) was a Soviet weightlifter. He set 19 world records in the super heavyweight class. He won gold medals at the 1964 and 1968 Summer Olympics.

Zhabotinsky was born in a village in Uspenka, Sumy Oblast, Ukrainian SSR. He was born a Cossack family. He was married and had two sons. He became a Russian citizen after the dissolution of the Soviet Union.

Zhabotinsky died after a long illness on 14 January 2016 in Zaporizhia. He was 77.

Shaolin (humorist)

Francisco Jozenilton Veloso (8 May 1971 – 14 January 2016), better known by his stage name Shaolin, was a Brazilian cartoonist, caricaturist, humorist, comedian, actor and media presenter. His best known shows were "Domingão do Faustão", "A Praça É Nossa", "Show do Tom", and "Tudo è Possível".

Shaolin was born in Coremas, Paraíba. He was married to Laudiceia Veloso and had two children. In January 2011, he was badly injured in a car accident.

Shaolin died from a heart attack on 14 January 2016 in Campina Grande. He was 44.

Gender dysphoria

Gender dysphoria is a term used by psychologists and physicians. It describes people who strongly feel they are not the gender they were born with. It used to be called "gender identity disorder." It is a condition accompanied by stress, anxiety, and depression. To be diagnosed with gender dysphoria now, patients must show strong cross-gender feelings that persist over time. It is not just a desire to change sex for some advantage they might think exists. People with gender dysphoria are often transgender. They take steps to help their gender dysphoria. A step they could take is to take testosterone or estrogen (this is often called hormone replacement therapy, or "HRT"). Transgender women take estrogen. Transgender men take testosterone. For children, puberty blockers may be taken instead. They can also get surgery. One surgery for transgender men is removal (to get rid of) breasts. This makes the chest flat. The flat chest makes them happy because they look more like a man. Another surgery for both transgender men and transgender women is Genital Reconstruction Surgery. This means they can get a penis or a vulva.

Gender dysphoria may cause many to become alone but not by choice. It often leads to avoiding or dropping out of school. Feminine speech patterns and ways of acting are common in people who were born male with gender dysphoria. Teenagers in particular are at risk of suicide.

The World Health Organization (WHO) renamed Gender Identity Disorder to Gender Dysphoria in 2019. The DSM-5 renamed it in 2013. 

The American Psychiatric Association gives a diagnosis of gender dysphoria in teenagers or adults if they feel two or more of these feelings.


To be diagnosed, the person must have enough distress about their feelings.

Scientists have theories that gender dysphoria is related to genetic and hormone levels during pregnancy. At the early stages of pregnancy, all babies begin with a female brain structure. Later in pregnancy, male babies have their body and brain masculinized by hormones like testosterone. It is theorised that less or extra testosterone during important times of the pregnancy may be related to gender dysphoria 

A 2020 review of several studies reported that transwomen had female-typical digit ratios (finger lengths on the right hand) while transmen had more male-typical finger lengths. Digit ratio is related to the level of testosterone exposure while a baby is growing during pregnancy. This supports the idea that hormones in the womb are related to gender dysphoria and transgender identity.

Different studies find different numbers of people with gender dysphoria. In a New Zealand study, 1.2% of people responded "yes" to a question asking if they thought they were transgender. A study in Massachusetts found that 0.5% of adults say they are transgender. 


Sucre

Sucre is the capital city of Bolivia. It was also known as Charcas, La Plata, and Chuquisaca in the past. About 250,000 people lived there in 2006. Sucre lies at an altitude of and is the sixth largest city in Bolivia. The city is named after Antonio José de Sucre, an 18th century revolutionary leader.

Petty officer

A petty officer is a non-commissioned officer in the navies of many countries. In the United States Navy, it is a pay grade of E-4 to E-9. Petty officers who are E-7 to E-9 are called "Chief", "Senior Chief", or "Master Chief" Petty Officers. Petty officers are managers for sailors that work for them. They are managed by officers and do work that they are told to do. Petty officers are often told to manage seamen and lower ranked petty officers.

In the United States Navy, petty officers are promoted by taking a test and being evaluated every year. If they do good enough, they are promoted to the next rank.

The badge that a petty officer wears is used to show the rank of the person wearing it. In the United States, petty officers have been wearing a badge since 1841.

Aarhus City Hall

Aarhus City Hall is the city hall for Aarhus, Denmark. Aarhus City Hall was opened on 2 June 1941. The building's architects were Arne Jacobsen and Erik Møller. In 1937, a meeting was held to build the city hall. Aarhus City Hall has unique architecture and was marked for preservation in 1994. In the first drawings for the building, the city hall didn't have a tower. The tower was added later.

The city hall has a total area of 19,380 square meters including the basement. The tower is 60 meters tall and the tower clock face has a diameter of 7 meters. The building is made of concrete plated with marble from Porsgrunn in Norway.

Multinational

The word multinational can mean:

Lamborghini Huracán

The Lamborghini Huracán is a sports car built by Lamborghini. It replaced the Lamborghini Gallardo. It has been produced from 2014 to present. The name "Huracán" comes from the Spanish language. It means Hurricane. Huracán was also the name of a brave fighting bull. And the Mayan god of wind, storm and fire.

The LP610-4 is the base model of the Huracán. It is a coupe with two doors and two seats. The name "LP610-4" means that the car has a longitudinal engine with 449 kW and all-wheel drive.

The "'LP620-2" is a rear-wheel drive version of the LP610-4 coupé. It is built especially for the Lamborghini Blancpain Super Trofeo Series, a race series for Lamborghini only.

The LP610-4 Spyder is a convertible version of the LP610-4 coupé. It was first shown at the 2015 International Motor Show Germany in Frankfurt. It has the same engine as the LP610-4 coupé.

The LP580-2 is also a coupé on the basis of the LP610-4, but instead has 427 kW and rear-wheel drive. This is to decrease the cost.

The Huracán has the same mid-engine V10 as the Lamborghini Gallardo. It has 449 kW. The displacement of the engine is 5,204 cm.
The top speed of the Huracán is 325 km/h. It can accelerate to 100 km/h in 2.5 seconds. The Huracán weighs 1,422 kg, which means it has a power-to-mass ratio of 0.32 kW per kg. The maximum torque is 560 N⋅m at 6,500 rpm. The CO emissions are 290g/km.


William Needles

George William Needles CM, LL.D, (January 2, 1919 – January 12, 2016) was an American-born Canadian actor and teacher. He was born in Yonkers, New York, and raised in Kitchener, Ontario.

Needles member of the acting company of the Stratford Shakespeare Festival since its inception in 1953, he has appeared in over one hundred roles with the company, among which are Albany in "King Lear" (1964 and 1972); the Duke of Venice in "The Merchant of Venice" (1996); the White King in "Alice Through the Looking Glass" (1996); the Lord Mayor in "Richard III" (1997); the Shepherd in "Oedipus Rex" (1997); Merriman in "The Importance of Being Earnest" (2000); Mortimer in ""(2002).

Needles died in Allison, Ontario from natural causes at the age of 97.


Twin Falls County, Idaho

Twin Falls County is a county in the U.S. state of Idaho. As of the 2020 Census, the county had a population of 90,046. The county seat and largest city is Twin Falls.

Butterfly effect

Methane is the second most abundant anthropogenic GHG after carbon dioxide (CO), accounting for about 20 percent of global emissions. Methane is more than 25 times as potent as carbon dioxide at trapping heat in the atmosphere. The butterfly effects helps scientists look at this problem.

The butterfly effect is an idea from chaos theory. A small change can "sometimes" make much bigger changes happen. One small incident may have a big impact on the future. The emphasis here is on the words "may" and "can". There is no general theory which tells us what is going to happen.

Weather and events are hard to forecast, but that doesn't mean when a butterfly flaps its wings in Tokyo and Arsenal lose a match in the English Premier League. That's just silly and impossible. However, what seem to be tiny changes in a planet's orbit can and do cause big changes to the weather: see Milankovich cycle.

Author Ray Bradbury wrote the short story "A Sound of Thunder" with this idea— time travelers make a very small change in the past that makes a large change in the present. However, remember that time travel is impossible, or at least has never been shown to be possible.


Extermination camp

Extermination camps (also known as death camps) were built by Nazi Germany during World War II. The goal of the death camps was to kill millions of people as quickly as possible. At the death camps, people were murdered mostly by being given poison gas in gas chambers. However, the Nazis also killed many people in other ways at the death camps. They killed some in mass executions (for example, by shooting many people at once). They killed others through "extermination through labor." This was by making prisoners do very hard forced labor without giving them the food, medical care, or other basic things they needed to survive. Many other people died at the death camps from starvation, illness, and freezing to death.

The Nazis sent many different kinds of people to the death camps. However, about 90% of the people killed in the death camps were Jewish. Nazi Germany wanted to 'exterminate' the Jewish people (they wanted to kill all of the Jews, so they would not exist any more). This plan was called the Final Solution. It is now called the Holocaust.

The fascist Ustaše government in the Independent State of Croatia also set up death camps during World War II. At death camps like Jasenovac, they murdered many Serbs, Jews, and other people. As many as 750,000 Serbs may have been killed at these death camps.

The Nazis believed that some groups of people were better than others. They thought that the Aryan race was the best of all. They believed that people who were not "Aryan" were "inferior". They also believed that non-Ayrans were the cause of Germany's problems. They thought that some groups of people did not even deserve to live. These groups included people with disabilities. The Nazis called these people "Lebensunwertes Leben" - "life unworthy of life."

In 1939, the Nazi "Schutzstaffel" (SS) started a program to kill everyone who was "unworthy of life." They called this secret program the Action T4 euthanasia program. As part of this program, they killed 70,000 people with disabilities, using carbon monoxide gas. This was the first time the Nazis had used poison gas to kill people.

Two years later, the Nazis built the first death camps. Using the things they learned by gassing people with disabilities, the Nazis had decided to start the Final Solution - killing all of the Jewish people, mostly by gassing them. Before the Nazis were ready to kill large numbers of people in gas chambers, the SS "Einsatzgruppen" started killing many people at a time by shooting them.

At the Wannsee Conference in January 1942, the Nazis made it clear that they planned to kill all the Jews in Europe. Adolf Eichmann was put in charge of this program. After this, the Nazis built more death camps, with the goal of killing millions of Jewish people with poison gas.

The Nazis used death camps and concentration camps for different things. The goal of the death camps was genocide. Their purpose was to kill people who were sent to the camps on trains, thousands at a time. At death camps like Bełżec, Sobibór, and Treblinka, people were usually killed within a few hours after they got to the camps.

Concentration camps were different from death camps. Some of the more infamous concentration camps were Buchenwald, Bergen-Belsen, Dachau, and Ravensbrück. These were prison camps which the Nazis set up before World War II started. The Nazis sent people who they did not want in their society to these concentration camps. The Nazis forced millions of people to do forced labor in the concentration camps. Prisoners in concentration camps made up about 25% of the workers in Nazi Germany. Even though the concentration camps were not designed for mass murder, over 75% of the people sent to these camps died because of starvation, illness, exhaustion, executions, and physical abuse.

In the early years of World War II, the Jews were mostly sent to concentration camps. However, from 1942 onward, they were mostly deported to the death camps. They were told they were being "resettled" - sent to other places to live. The Nazis built many of the death camps in Poland, which the Nazis controlled. They did this because most of the people they wanted to kill lived in Poland. Poland had the most Jewish people in the parts of Europe that the Nazis controlled. Also, since these death camps were not in Germany, the Nazis could hide what they were doing from the German people.

The Nazis created two types of death camps. Some were "pure extermination camps." Their only purpose was to kill people. Others were a combination of concentration camps and death camps. At these camps, the Nazis would kill some people right away. They would force others to work as slaves until they died.

The first death camps were Treblinka, Bełżec, and Sobibór. They were built during Operation Reinhard (October 1941 – November 1943), whose goal was to kill all of Poland's Jews. Trains full of people were sent to these camps, and were murdered as soon as they got there. At first, the camp's guards used carbon monoxide to kill the prisoners. They then buried their bodies in mass graves. Later, when there were too many bodies to bury, they started burning the bodies. So they could kill people and get rid of their bodies more quickly, the Nazis built gas chambers and crematoria in Treblinka and Bełżec. At Bełżec, they also started using Zyklon-B poison gas to kill people.

On December 8, 1941, the Nazis opened another death camp called Chełmno. At first, they killed prisoners at Chelmno inside vans, using carbon monoxide exhaust fumes. Later, like at the other death camps, the Nazis built gas chambers so they could kill more people at a time. Almost all of the prisoners sent to Chelmno were killed right away. However, the Nazis forced a few strong men into work units called "Sonderkommando". These prisoners were forced to help take dead bodies out of the gas chambers and burn them.

The death camps were small (only several hundred meters long and wide). They also had very little housing or other buildings. Because of this, the Nazis were able to trick the prisoners when they arrived. The Nazis told them they would only be staying at the camp for a short time, before continuing to a work camp farther east. This kept the prisoners from panicking or fighting back.

After they decided to start the "Final Solution," the Nazis built gas chambers and crematoria inside some of the concentration camps that already existed, like Auschwitz and Majdanek.

When people arrived at these camps, they would go through a process called "selection." Nazi guards would choose which prisoners would be kept to work as slaves, and which would be sent right to the gas chambers to be killed. Usually, the Nazis sent elderly people, sick people, and very young children right to the gas chambers. Healthy people were often kept for slave labor, and were forced to work until they were too sick or starved to work as fast as the Nazis wanted. Then the Nazis would "select" them for the gas chambers.

With the support of Nazi Germany and fascist Italy, the Independent State of Croatia (ISC) was created on 10 April 1941. It was ruled by the fascist Ustaše government, which agreed with the Nazis' ideas about race and politics. The Ustaše agreed with the idea that all Jews and Roma people should be killed. They also agreed with the Nazis that socialists and communists were political enemies.

The Ustaše built death camps in the Independent State of Croatia and helped with the Nazis' "Final Solution" by killing many Jews and Roma. However, their main goal was to kill all of the Serbian people in the ISC. The Ustaše treated the Serbian people so cruelly that even the Germans were shocked.

The first Ustaše camp was Jadovno concentration camp. It held thousands of Serbs and Jews from May to August 1941. Prisoners were usually killed by being pushed into deep ravines near the camp.

The Jasenovac concentration camp replaced Jadovno. Jasenovac was a very large group of many camps. Many prisoners who arrived at Jasenovac were immediately scheduled to be killed. Strong men who could work, and were sentenced to less than three years in the camp, were allowed to live. However, all prisoners sentenced to three years or more were immediately scheduled for execution.

Some prisoners at Jasenovac were killed with poison gas or in mass shootings. However, the Ustaše guards killed many prisoners using their hands, or tools like knives and hammers.

In 1941, top Nazi official Heinrich Himmler went to see a group of "Einsatzgruppen" perform a mass shooting. The group's commanding officer told him that shooting so many people was psychologically harming the soldiers doing the shootings. Himmler decided the Nazis needed to find another way of killing people. After the war, the diary of Auschwitz's Commandant, Rudolf Höss, showed that many "Einsatzkommandos" – the killers – either went mad or killed themselves. He wrote that they did this because they were psychologically "unable to endure wading through blood any longer."

The Nazis had learned from their T-4 program that they could kill people using carbon monoxide. However, they thought sending carbon monoxide to the death camps would be too expensive.

In August 1941, Höss' deputy, Karl Fritzsch, tested out an idea. At Auschwitz, clothes infected with lice were treated with crystals of prussic acid (hydrogen cyanide). The crystals' brand name was Zyklon-B. They were made to order by the IG Farben chemicals company. Once their container was opened, the Zyklon-B crystals in the air released a deadly cyanide gas. Fritzch thought this gas could be used to kill prisoners. To try out the effects, he locked some Soviet prisoners of war in the basement of a bunker and gassed them. They died.

Gassing with Zyklon-B became Auschwitz's way to exterminate people. It would also be used at Majdanek and other camps. Besides gassing, the camp guards continued to kill prisoners through mass shootings, starvation, torture, and abuse.

During the war, Nazi official Kurt Gerstein told a Swedish diplomat about life in a death camp. On 19 August 1942, Gerstein arrived at Bełżec extermination camp, which had carbon monoxide gas chamber. At the time 45 railroad cars, filled with 6,700 Jews, were being unloaded. Many of the Jews had died on the trip. The rest were marched naked to the gas chambers. There Gerstein said:

<nowiki>

To keep people from panicking and fighting back, the Nazis told the prisoners they were going to shower and get deloused (get lice removed). Prisoner "Sonderkommando" were forced to help in and around the gas chambers. They encouraged the Jews to undress without a hint of what was about to happen. (If the "Sonderkommando" warned the prisoners, they too would be killed.) The gas chambers were designed to look like shower rooms (with fake water nozzles, and tile walls). The "Sonderkommando" talked to the victims about life in the camp to keep people from getting suspicious. They also helped the elderly and the very young to undress. The "Sonderkommando" also comforted older children who might cry "because of the strangeness of being undressed in this fashion".

Once the gas chamber was full of people and the door was sealed, Nazi guards dropped Zyklon B through special holes in the roof.
As part of their training, some high-ranked Nazi Party leaders and SS officers were sent to Auschwitz–Birkenau to watch the gassings. Höss reported that "all were deeply impressed by what they saw ... [but some] ... who had previously spoken most loudly, about the [need] for this extermination, fell silent once they had actually seen the 'final solution of the Jewish problem'."

After the gassings, the "Sonderkommando" removed the corpses from the gas chambers, then took gold teeth out of the bodies. At first, the victims were buried in mass graves. Later, victims' bodies were cremated. The ashes were either buried, scattered, or dumped in a nearby river.

In his memoir, Auschwitz Commandant Höss wrote that the "Sonderkommando" had to:

Hess wrote that he was impressed by how hard the "Sonderkommando" worked, even though they knew they would also be killed eventually.

Eventually, the Nazis were killing so many people at Auschwitz-Birkenau that they had three buildings with crematoria designed by specialists from Topf und Söhne. At Auschwitz, prisoners worked every hour of the day to destroy corpses. However, people were being gassed so quickly that not every body could be destroyed in the crematoria. Some corpses were also burned in an open air fire pit.<ref name="B/G-199"></ref>

At Sobibór, Treblinka, Bełżec, and Chełmno, the corpses were burned on pyres.

Historians estimate that the Nazis murdered over three million people in these camps:
When they realized they were going to lose World War II, the Nazis tried to destroy the death camps in order to hide the evidence of what they had done. They wanted to hide evidence that so many people had been killed. This meant they needed to destroy the camps, and also hide the corpses of their many victims. The Nazis forced prisoners to destroy the camps and their records, and to dig up mass graves.

Some extermination camps were liberated (taken over and freed) by Soviet soldiers before the Nazis could destroy evidence of their war crimes. For example, Majdanek was captured nearly intact before the Nazis were able to destroy very much. This happened because the Soviet Red Army got to the camp very quickly, which prevented the SS from destroying most of the camp.


Southeast African cheetah

The Southeast African cheetah ("Acinonyx jubatus jubatus") is the nominate subspecies of cheetah native to Southern Africa. It is the most abundant subspecies estimated at more than 6,000 individuals in the wild. Since 1990 and onwards, the population was estimated at approximately 2,500 individuals in Namibia, until 2015, the cheetah population has been increased to more than 3,500 in the country.

The Southeast African Cheetah is the closest relative to the two other distinct subspecies, the Asiatic Cheetahs and the Northeast African Cheetah.

Rose Chibambo

Rose Lomathinda Chibambo (8 September 1928 – 12 January 2016) was a known British-born Malawi politician and activist. She was the Protectorate of Nyasaland in the years leading up to independence as the state of Malawi in 1964, and immediately after. 

She was imprisoned in 1959, while pregnant with her 5th child, along with other Malawians whom the Federal government felt were a threat to British rule. After Malawi gained independence, Chibambo was the first woman minister in the new cabinet. She was forced into exile for thirty years, returning after the restoration of democracy.

On 1 January 2012, she was honored by being place on Malawi’s 200 Kwacha banknote.

Chibambo died from a heart attack at a hospital in Blantyre, Malawi at the age of 87. 

Lawrence Phillips

Lawrence Lamond Phillips (May 12, 1975 – January 13, 2016) was a professional American football and Canadian football running back. He was a two-time college football national champion at the University of Nebraska-Lincoln for the Nebraska Cornhuskers. He was born in Little Rock, Arkansas. Many people consider the 1995 Nebraska Cornhuskers, on which Phillips played, to be the greatest college football team of all time.

Phillips played in the National Football League for the St. Louis Rams, Miami Dolphins, and San Francisco 49ers from 1996 through 1999, and for the Montreal Alouettes and Calgary Stampeders of the Canadian Football League in 2002 and 2003.

He was arrested several times during the course of his life. In 2015, Phillips was charged with the murder of his former cellmate, Damion Soward. 

Phillips died January 13, 2016, at Kern Valley State Prison in Delano, California from an apparent suicide attempt, where he was serving a seven-year term for felony assault with a deadly weapon, at the age of 40.

Brian Bedford

Brian Bedford (16 February 1935 – 13 January 2016) was an English actor. He has appeared on the stage and in movies, and is known for both acting in and directing Shakespeare. In movies, Bedford is known for his role as Clyde Tolson in the 1994 movie "Nixon". He won a Tony Award in 1971 and five Drama Desk Awards during his career.

Bedford was born in Morley, West Riding of Yorkshire, England. He was openly gay. Bedford met actor Tim MacDonald in the 1980s and got married in 2013. Bedford died on 13 January 2016 in Santa Barbara, California from cancer at the age of 80.


Paul G. Kirk

Paul Grattan Kirk, Jr. (born January 18, 1938) is an American lawyer and politician. He served as a United States Senator from Massachusetts from 2009 to 2010, having been appointed to fill the seat created by the death of Ted Kennedy.

From 1985 to 1989, he served as chairman of the Democratic National Committee (DNC). On January 14, 2016, Kirk announced his endorsement in Hanover, New Hampshire in support of the presidential campaign for Bernie Sanders.

Robert Reich

Robert Bernard Reich (; born June 24, 1946) is an American political economist, professor, author, and political commentator. He served in the administrations of Presidents Gerald Ford and Jimmy Carter and was the United States Secretary of Labor under President Bill Clinton from 1993 to 1997.

Reich is diagnosed with multiple epiphyseal dysplasia, also known as Fairbanks disease, and stands at 4 feet 10.5 inches (1.486 m).

In January 2016, Reich announced his endorsement for Senator Bernie Sanders for President of the United States.


Franco Citti

Franco Citti (23 April 1935 – 14 January 2016) was an Italian actor. He acted in over fifty movies between the early 1960s and the late 1990s. He was best known to non-Italian audiences as Calò in "The Godfather" (1972) and "The Godfather Part III" (1990). He also appeared in the movies "Accattone" (1961) and "Oedipus Rex" (1967).

Citti was born in Fiumicino, Rome. His brother was the director and screenwriter Sergio Citti (1933–2005).

Citti died on 14 January 2016 in Rome, aged 80.

Ken Judge

Ken Judge (15 January 1958 – 15 January 2016) was an Australian rules footballer and coach. He played for East Fremantle, Hawthorn and the Brisbane Bears during the 1970s and 1980s. He also coached Hawthorn from 1996 to 1999 and the West Coast Eagles from 2000 to 2001.

Judge died from multiple myeloma on his 58th birthday (15 January 2016) in Perth, Western Australia.

Murphy, Idaho

Murphy is an unincorporated census-designated place in Owyhee County, Idaho, United States. It is the county seat of Owyhee County, It is one of the smallest county seats in the country. As of the 2020 census, its population was 96.

Murphy was formed around a railhead (end of the rail line) of the "Boise, Nampa and Owyhee Railroad" built in 1899. The town became the county seat in 1934. The railroad operated until 1947.

The town was named after Cornelius "Con" Murphy, a crew boss with the railroad. 
Murphy is located at , at an elevation of above sea level; it is south of Nampa.

Murphy's airstrip is located northeast of the town. It does not have a control tower. Its paved runway is long.


Carolyn D. Wright

Carolyn D. "C. D." Wright (January 6, 1949 – January 12, 2016) was an American poet. Se was born in Mountain Home, Arkansas. In 1977 the publishing company founded by Frank Stanford, Lost Roads, published Wright's first collection, "Room Rented by A Single Woman". In 1983 she moved to Providence, Rhode Island to teach writing at Brown University as the Israel J. Kapstein Professor of English. In 2013, Wright was elected a chancellor of the Academy of American Poets. 

Wright died on January 12, 2016 from cancer in Barrington, Rhode Island at the age of 67.



Barrington, Rhode Island

Barrington (pronounced ) is a New England town in Bristol County, Rhode Island, United States. The population was 17,153 at the 2020 census.

In July 2005, CNN/Money and "Money" magazine ranked Barrington sixth on its list of the 100 best places to live in the United States.


The Revenant (2015 movie)

The Revenant is a 2015 American semi-biographical western movie set in 1823 Montana and South Dakota.

It was directed by Alejandro G. Iñárritu. It was written by Mark L. Smith and Iñárritu. It is based in part on Michael Punke's "The Revenant: A Novel of Revenge". It stars Leonardo DiCaprio, Tom Hardy, Will Poulter, and Domhnall Gleeson.

"The Revenant" premiered at the TCL Chinese Theatre in Los Angeles on December 16, 2015 and had a limited release on December 25, 2015, followed by a wide release on January 8, 2016. It got really positive reviews. It won three Golden Globe Awards and five BAFTA Awards, including Best Film at both shows. At the 88th Academy Awards, the movie received 12 nominations, including Best Picture and Best Supporting Actor (Hardy), winning Best Director (Iñárritu), Best Actor (DiCaprio), and Best Cinematography (Emmanuel Lubezki).


Jay Roach

Matthew Jay Roach (born June 14, 1957) is an American movie director, producer and screenwriter. He is best known for directing the "Austin Powers" movies and "Meet the Parents". He also directed the comedy movie "Dinner for Schmucks" (2010), the HBO political dramas "Recount" (2008) and "Game Change" (2012), and the political comedy "The Campaign" (2012). His twelfth movie, the biographical drama "Trumbo", was released on November 6, 2015 to positive reviews. He won two Emmy Awards (2008, 2012).

Richard Linklater

Richard Stuart Linklater (; born July 30, 1960) is an American movie director, producer and screenwriter. He is known for his movies "Dazed and Confused" (1993), "Before Sunrise" (1995), "Before Sunset" (2004), "Before Midnight" (2013), "School of Rock" (2003), "Waking Life" (2001) and "A Scanner Darkly" (2006). 

In 2002 he began filming "Boyhood" (2014), a passion project which took over twelve years to finish. The movie was premiered in 2014 to critical acclaim. Linklater won the Golden Globe, Critics' Choice Movie Awards and BAFTAs for Best Director and Best Picture. He also received his first nomination for the Academy Award for Best Director, along with nominations for Original Screenplay and Picture.


Tera Wray

Tera Lents (April 14, 1982 – January 13, 2016), better known by her stage name Tera Wray, was an American pornographic actress. She appeared in around 25 adult movies between 2007 and 2014.

Wray was born in Louisville, Kentucky. She was married to Wayne Static from 2008 until his death in 2014.

Wray died on January 13, 2016 in California, aged 33. Her death was reported as a suicide.


Ellen Meiksins Wood

Ellen Meiksins Wood (April 12, 1942 – January 13, 2016) was an American-Canadian Marxist historian and scholar. She was a publisher of the "Monthly Review" from 1997 to 2000, along with Harry Magdoff and Paul Sweezy. She wrote over ten books. Her books "The Retreat from Class" and "The Origin of Capitalism" won awards. She was a leading Marxist theorist.

Wood was born in New York City. Her parents were Latvian Jews. She was married to Neal Wood until his death in 2003. They had two children. She was later married to politician Ed Broadbent.

Wood died from cancer on January 13, 2016 in Ottawa, Ontario. She was 73.

Jade (American band)

Jade is an American hip hop-soul group. The group began in 1991. They split in 1997 and reformed in 2014. The group's members are Joi Marshall, Tonya Kelly and Myracle Holloway. The group is from Chicago.

The group had hit songs with "I Wanna Love You Down" and "Don't Walk Away" in 1992 and 1993. Their second album, "Mind, Body & Song", was released in 1994.

Dave Sime

David William "Dave" Sime (July 25, 1936 – January 12, 2016) was an American sprinter. He ranked as one of the fastest humans of all time. He held many sprint records during the late 1950s. He won a silver medal at the 1960 Summer Olympics in Rome, Italy. He later became an ophthalmologist (type of eye doctor) and pioneer of intraocular lens transplants.

Sime was born in Paterson, New Jersey. He grew up in Fair Lawn, New Jersey. He was married and had three children.

Sime died from cancer on January 12, 2016 in Miami, Florida. He was 79.

ASASSN-15lh

ASASSN-15lh is a supernova detected on 14 June 2015. It is the most luminous supernova ever detected. At its brightest it was 50 times brighter than the whole Milky Way.

The supernova is some 3.8 billion light-years from Earth. It was found by the All Sky Automated Survey for SuperNovae (ASAS-SN).

Francis Rossi

Sir Francis Dominic Nicholas Michael Rossi (born 29 May 1949) is an English singer, songwriter and musician. He is best known as the co-founder, lead singer and lead guitarist of the rock band Status Quo. His genres mix from early psychedelic rock, hard rock, pop rock, blues rock/rock n roll even country rock and heavy metal. 

Rossi was born in Forest Hill, London. He is of Italian and Northern Irish ancestry. He is teetotal.

Kalevi Lehtovirta

Kalevi Valdemar Lehtovirta (20 February 1928 – 10 January 2016) was a Finnish footballer. He played as a striker. He played for TuWe Turku, Pyrkivä Turku, Red Star, TPS, and the Finland national football team. He competed in the 1952 Summer Olympics. He was born in Turku.

Lehtovirta died on 10 January 2016 in Turku, aged 87.

Dime (United States coin)

The U.S. dime is a coin of the United States. It is worth ten cents. The denomination was authorized by the Coinage Act of 1792. The design of the dime has changed since the dime was introduced.

Baby Got Back

"Baby Got Back" is a 1992 hip hop song by Sir Mix-A-Lot. The song is about larger than normal buttocks. At the time of its release, some found the lyrics objectionable.

At the beginning of the song, two girls are talking. One says: "Oh my God, Becky. Look at her butt!"

The video of the song was banned by MTV for a short time.

The song was #1 on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot 100.

In late January 2013, a preview of the show "Glee" included a cover of "Baby Got Back". Jonathan Coulton claimed "Glee" copied his version of the song.

Alaric I

Alaric I, also Alaricus, (reigned 394–410 AD) was a leader of the Visigoths. He is famous as the Gothic leader who sacked the city of Rome in 410 AD. Very little about his family is known. As a young man he received much of his military training in the Roman army. He next appears as a war leader of Gothic forces fighting along with Roman troops at the Battle of the Frigidus in 394. In January 395 the emperor Theodosius I died dividing his empire between his two sons. Alaric revolted and as the leader of the Visigoths he attacked parts of the Eastern Roman Empire. He later attacked the Western Roman Empire. In 408 he attempted to attack Rome but was bribed to leave. He returned two years later, defeated and occupied the city. He died in 411.

Alaric was born on an island on the delta of the Danube River. He was a member of the noble Balti dynasty of Visigoths. He was first mentioned in 394 AD as a commander under the Roman Emperor Theodosius I in his war against Eugenius. He became the leader or king of the Visigoths in the mid 390s. Alaric rebelled against Emperor Arcadius in 395 and invaded Greece. When he came to the walls of Athens, the city paid a heavy ransom so he left them unharmed. He then defeated Corinth, Argos and Sparta. He continued to lay waste to Greece until 397 when the Roman general Stilicho surrounded Alaric's army at Arcadia. They cut off the water to the Gothic camp and thought it was impossible for Alarc to escape. But Alaric broke through their lines and marched to the north over very difficult terrain. Alaric then made a treaty with Arcadius. Stilicho returned to Italy without having defeated Alaric.

In 401-402 AD Alaric entered Italy. He tried the same tactics he used earlier but was unsuccessful against the Roman army. At the Battle of Pollentia in 402, the Roman army defeated the goths. Alaric's wife was one of those captured by the Romans. However, the Visigoth losses were very few and Alaric's army left in good order. Alaric crossed the Po River intending on attacking Rome but was met and defeated again by Stilicho at the Battle of Verona. Alaric's army attacked across the Danube and Rhine Rivers again in 405 and 406 AD. Stilicho, who was now ruling in the name of the Emperor Honorius, made a treaty with Alaric. But Stilicho was killed in 408. Alaric invaded Italy again and demanded Stilicho's promises to him be kept.

From late 408 AD, the Visigoth army camped outside Rome. Alaric demanded payment from Honorius, who was safe in Ravenna, which the emperor refused to pay.

Zosimus the historian wrote the only known account of the last negotiations before Rome was sacked:
On August 24, 410 AD, Rome's city gates were opened by slaves. Alaric's Visigoths began three days of murdering and plundering. However according to Augustine of Hippo their fury was bridled for the Christians of the city: "their furious rage for slaughter was bridled, and their eagerness to take prisoners was quenched. Thus escaped multitudes who now reproach the Christian religion, and impute to Christ the ills that have befallen their city; but the preservation of their own lives — a boon which they owe to the respect entertained for Christ by the barbarians". They damaged buildings and stole from tombs of former emperors. It was the first time in 800 years that Rome was sacked. But the Visigoths continued their destruction further south in Italy. The casualties were high on both sides. The Romans lost an estimated 15,000 men while the Visigoths lost about 17,000.

Alaric planned to move his army into Sicily and then on to Africa. But he died soon after Rome fell in 410 AD. Ataulf succeeded Alaric as king and took the army into Gaul.


Dickin Medal

The PDSA Dickin Medal is an award for animals. It was created in the United Kingdom, by Maria Dickin, in 1943. At first, the award's goal was to honor the work of animals during World War II. The award is often called "the animals' Victoria Cross."

Maria Dickin was the creator of the People's Dispensary for Sick Animals (PDSA), a British veterinary charity. She created the award for any animal who showed "conspicuous gallantry [obvious bravery]" and devotion to its job while serving with the United Kingdom's armed forces or their allies. The Medal was awarded 54 times between 1943 and 1949 – to 32 pigeons, 18 dogs, three horses, and one cat.

The PDSA started awarding the Dickin Medal again in 2000. In that year, they honored a Newfoundland dog named Gander. The award was given posthumously - after Gander's death. During the Battle of Hong Kong in World War II, Gander had saved the lives of Canadian soldiers.

In early 2002, three dogs were awarded the Dickin Medal for their work in responding to the September 11 attacks. The PDSA also awarded the Medal to two dogs serving with the British military in Bosnia-Herzegovina and Iraq. 

In December 2007, 12 animals who had received the Dickin Medal and were buried at the PDSA Animal Cemetery in Ilford, Essex, were given full military honors. This marked the end of a project to restore the cemetery, which was aided by the United Kingdom's National Lottery.

The first recipients of the Medal, in December 1943, were three pigeons. Serving with the Royal Air Force, all three helped make it possible to rescue air crew from ditched planes during the Second World War. The most recent animal to receive the Medal was Diesel, a dog who was killed while serving with the French police during the November 2015 Paris attacks. Diesel's award will be presented in a ceremony in 2016. As of December 2015, the Dickin Medal has been awarded 66 times.

Throughout history, homing pigeons have been used to carry messages over long distances. Homing pigeons can find their way home over very long distances. Because of this special ability, homing pigeons have often been used in wars to carry messages. For example, air force flyers could carry homing pigeons in their planes. If a plane started to crash, the airmen could throw the pigeon out of the plane with a message attached to its leg saying where the plane was crashing. The pigeon would find its way back "home" - to a military base - where the message would tell the military where to look for their stranded pilots.

The United Kingdom used about 250,000 homing pigeons in World War II. Of these, 32 were awarded the Dickin Medal for carrying messages that helped save lives:

Horses have been used in wars for over 5,000 years. By World War II, they were usually not used in battle. However, they were used for scout units, and also to carry soldiers and supplies.

"See also: Famous Ship's Cats: Simon"


Irma Khetsuriani

Irma Khetsuriani () is a wheelchair fencer from Georgia. She tried to help women and sportspeople with disabilities in Georgia. She is the first woman to be a member of the Georgia national wheelchair fencing team. She works for the Georgian Paralympic Committee as an office manager.

Khersuriani is from Abkhazia and lived in Ochamchire until she was 7 years old. Her family left Abkhazia during the 2008 South Ossetia war. Following the war in the region, she lived in Kutaisi and Tskhaltubo. She started the University of Kutaisi when she was 17 years old. She studied English and computers. She got spinal disease when she was 20 years old and became disabled. Because of this, she quit university to fix her health problems.

Khersuriani works for the Georgian Paralympic Committee as an office manager. A friend from Tiblisi found the job for her. Her mother did not want her to take the job and move away from them to Tiblisi.

One of Khersuriani's hobbies is dancing. Because not many people in Tiblisi do this, people stare. One of Khersuriani's best friend is another wheelchair fencer from Georgia, Temo Dadiani also from Abkhazia. The friends met at a rehabilitation center in Ukraine.

Khersuriani helps disability sport in Georgia, talking to the government and asking them to give more money for sports in 2015. She has also helped to improve the lives of people with disabilities in Georgian, including being part of a Persons With Disabilities Day in 2013, and participating in events with the United Nations.

Khersuriani is a wheelchair fencer. She is the first female wheelchair fencer in Georgia. She trains each data with five men who make up are also members of the Georgia national wheelchair fencing team. She was ranked for the first time as one of the best fencers in the world after having played the sport for eight months. She is coached by Malkhaz Meskhi ("Georgian":  მალხაზ მესხმა).

Khersuriani first tried the fencing when people at the Georgian Paralympic Committee asked her to. before this, she had only watched a few movies that had fencing in them. Her first experience with the sport was bad, and she cried during the it. It was hard for her, and she continued with the sport when she wanted to quit mostly because of her coach.

At the 2014 IWAS Wheelchair Fencing World Cup in Germany, she finished fifth. At the  2014 Montreal Grand Prix, Khersuriani won a bronze medal in the women’s foil. She won a bronze medal match after losing to Germany's Simone Briese-Baetke in the semi-final. Competing in the Category B women’s epee at the same competition, she lost to Ellen Geddes of the United States 9 - 15 in the quarterfinals. Khersuriani finished fifth. At the November 2014 Polish Wheelchair Fencing Open, she won a two medals, a bronze in the Foil, and a silver in the Sabre.

At a 2015 World Cup event in Pisa, Italy, Khersuriani finished ninth. She lost in the group stage and did not go further in the competition. One of her losses was to Hong Kong's Zhongwan Ping by a score of 15 - 7. At the 2015 IWAS World Championships in Eger, Hungary in August, she won a silver medal in the women’s sabre B. She lost to Ukraine's Tetiana Pozdniak by a score of 13-15 in the gold medal match. She made the final after beating Poland's Patrycja Hareza. After Hungary, she was ranked as the best wheelchair fencer in the world for the first time. In October 2015, she won gold at a World Cup in Paris in the Senior Women’s Sabre B event after beating Patrycja Hareza of Poland in the final by a score of 15 - 9. In making the finals, she beat wheelchair fencers from France, Greece, the United Kingdom, Poland and Ukraine. Unlike most competitors at the competition, she competed in all three wheelchair fencing disciplines: Sabre, Foil and Épée.

Boulton &amp; Watt

Boulton & Watt was an early British engineering and manufacturing firm. They were very significant in the early industrial revolution. The partners were the English manufacturer Matthew Boulton and the Scottish engineer James Watt.

The firm designed and made marine and stationary steam engines. It was founded in the English West Midlands around Birmingham in 1775, and grew to be a major producer of steam engines in the 19th century.

The Boulton and Watt steam engine was the first to use steam at above atmospheric pressure. This was a great step in the development of the steam engine. Watt's invention was a key point in the Industrial Revolution.
Their engines were used for pumping water in canals, mines, and waterworks, and for driving machines.

At first the partnership made the drawing and specifications for the engines, and supervised the work to erect it on the customers property. They produced almost none of the parts themselves. Watt did most of his work at his home in Harper’s Hill in Birmingham, while Boulton worked at the Soho Manufactory.

Gradually the partners began to actually make more and more of the parts, and by 1795 they purchased a property about a mile away from the Soho manufactory, on the banks of the Birmingham Canal. There they built a new foundry for making the engines. The Soho Foundry opened in 1796 at a time when Watt’s sons, Gregory and James Jr. were heavily involved in the management of the enterprise. In 1800, the year of Watt’s retirement, the firm made a total of forty-one engines.

Watt retired in 1800, the same year that his fundamental patent and partnership with Boulton expired. The famous partnership was transferred to the men's sons, Matthew Robinson Boulton and James Watt Jr. Longtime firm engineer William Murdoch was soon made a partner and the firm prospered.

Province of Lugo

Lugo is a province of northwestern Spain, in the northeastern part of the autonomous community of Galicia. It is bordered by the provinces of Ourense, Pontevedra, and A Coruña, the principality of Asturias, León, and in the north by the Cantabrian Sea (Bay of Biscay). 

The population is 356,595 (2006), of whom a quarter live in the capital Lugo. The capital city was an ancient Celtic settlement named in honour of the god Lugh (see Lyon), later Latinised as "Lucus Augusti", and which became one of the three main important Galician-Roman centres alongside Braccara Augusta and Asturica Augusta (modern Braga and Astorga respectively). The province has 67 municipalities.

Pareto distribution

The Pareto distribution is a probability distribution named after Vilfredo Pareto. It is continuous and follows a power law. It is a heavy tailed distribution. The Pareto distribution was first used to show how income is distributed among households (which is commonly called Income distribution). Pareto distributions are often used in the cases when many different small independent factors contribute to a result. Pareto wrote a book called "Cours d'économie politique", where he tried to show that the number of people who have an income greater than x is proportional to formula_1. The parameter formula_2 is constant, and about 1.5. This is all that is needed to describe the Pareto distribution. Insurance companies often use Pareto distributions to model damage.

P. J. Mara

Patrick James "P. J." Mara (1942 – 15 January 2016) was an Irish public affairs consultant and former senator. He was best known as a political adviser to former Taoiseach Charles Haughey. He served briefly in the Seanad on two separate occasions, in 1981 and 1982. He was nominated by the Taoiseach Charles Haughey. 

Mara served as Press Secretary to Fianna Fáil between 1983 and 1987. In 1987 he was appointed Government Press Secretary, and he held this position until February 1992, when he left the public service to move into the private sector. He later returned to serve as Fianna Fáil director of elections for the 1997, 2002, and 2007 general elections.

He was regularly lampooned on the satirical RTÉ radio sketch show "Scrap Saturday", which ran from 1989 to 1991.

Mara died on 15 January 2016 at a hospital after a long-illness in Dublin, Ireland at the age of 73. 

Wally Wingert

Wallace Eugene Wingert (born August 16, 1961) is an American actor, voice actor, singer, performer and former radio personality. He is best known as the announcer for the second incarnation of "The Tonight Show with Jay Leno", and the current voice of Jon Arbuckle in "The Garfield Show". He is also known for his role as one of the Almighty Tallest in "Invader Zim" (along with Kevin McDonald), Ant-Man/Giant-Man from "", the Riddler from the "" video game series, and "Renji Abarai" from "Bleach".



In 1989, Wingert parodied the song "Wild, Wild West" on the Dr. Demento radio show as "Adam West," in response to the casting of Michael Keaton as the title character for that year's Batman movie.


George Carroll (judge)

George Carroll (January 6, 1922 – January 14, 2016) was an American lawyer. He was an important civic figure in Contra Costa County, California and the city of Richmond. He was born in Brooklyn, New York.

He was the first black lawyer in Richmond, California. In 1961 Carroll became the first African American elected to the city council (1961–1964) and later became the first black mayor of Richmond (1964–1965) or any large American city.

Carroll died in his sleep on January 14, 2015 in Richmond, California from respiratory failure at the age of 94.

Gastón Guzmán

Gastón Guzmán (August 26, 1932 – January 12, 2016) was a Mexican mycologist and anthropologist. He was an authority on the genus "Psilocybe". He was born in Xalapa, Veracruz. 

Guzmán began his career in 1955. During his early field work, he found many species which was little known at the time. This inspired him to choose fungi as the topic of his professional thesis. He was the co-founder and former president of the Mexican Mycological Society (1965), he was also president of the Latin American Mycological Association (2000–2002). He retired in 2010.

Guzmán died of a heart attack in Guadalajara, Mexico on January 12, 2016 at the age of 83. He is survived by his daughter, Laura Guzmán Dávalos, is also a mycologist.

Kiwi Travel International Airlines

Kiwi Travel International Airlines was a discount airline from New Zealand. It flew both scheduled (planned) and charters (irregular/unplanned) flights from New Zealand to Australia, Samoa and Tonga. The airline borrowed airplanes from many different companies.At different times, it flew Boeing 727, Boeing 737, Boeing 757 and Airbus A320 airplanes. The airline was among one of the first low-cost carriers. In December 1995, Air New Zealand started Freedom Air. It was another discount airline intended to compete with Kiwi. In September 1996, Kiwi Travel stopped flying due to the intense competition from Freedom Air. Ewan Wilson, the former CEO of Kiwi Travel International, is involved with starting a new airline, Kiwi Regional Airlines.

Qaisra Shahraz

Qaisra Shahraz (born 1959) is a British-Pakistani novelist and scriptwriter, college inspector, teacher and freelance journalist.

Bano Qudsia

Bano Qudsia (28 November 1928 – 4 February 2017) is a Pakistani writer. She wrote mostly in Urdu. Her most famous novel was "Raja Gidh" (published in 1981). She wrote more than forty novels and plays. She was born in Firozpur, Punjab, India.

Qudsia died on 4 February 2017 in Lahore at the age of 88.

Musa (genus)

Musa is one of two or three genera in the family Musaceae; it includes bananas and plantains. Around 70 species of "Musa" are known, with a broad variety of uses.

Many bananas and plantains grow as high as trees, but they are not woody. Their apparent "stem" is made up of the bases of the huge leaf stalks. For this reason, they are technically gigantic herbs.

"Musa" species are used as food plants by the larvae of some Lepidoptera species, including the giant leopard moth and other "Hypercompe" species, including "H. albescens" (only recorded on "Musa"), "H. eridanus", and "H. icasia".

Breakwater

Breakwaters are structures built to protect structures along a coastline against the impact of waves. They reduce the intensity of waves, and lessen the amount of erosion.

Oleksandr Shevchenko

Oleksandr Oksentiyovych Shevchenko (; 26 June 1937 – 15 January 2016) was a Ukrainian scientist, judge, politician, and teacher. He was the deputy of the Svoboda party from 2012 to 2014. He was later a member of the Petro Poroshenko Bloc until 15 September 2015. He supported the right to bear arms and was against the death penalty. He was born in Simferopol Raion, Crimea, Russian SFSR, Soviet Union.

Shevchenko died on 15 January 2016 at the age of 78.

Manuel Velázquez

Manuel Velázquez Villaverde (24 January 1943 – 15 January 2016) was a Spanish footballer. He played as a striker. He played for Plus Ultra, Rayo Vallecano, Málaga, Real Madrid, and Toronto Metros-Croatia. He also played for the Spain national football team. He was born in Madrid.

Velázquez died on 15 January 2016 in Madrid, aged 72.

Rajesh Vivek

Rajesh Vivek Upadhyay (31 January 1949 – 14 January 2016) was an Indian actor. He was best known for his roles in "Lagaan", "Swades", "Mahabharat", "Mujhse Shaadi Karogi", "Bharat Ek Khoj", "What's Your Raashee?" and "Bunty Aur Babli". He was born in Jaunpur, Uttar Pradesh.

Vivek died from heart attack on 14 January 2016 in Hyderabad, Telangana. He was 66.


Lycra

Lycra is a type of synthetic fabric that is very elastic. It is also called Spandex or elastane. The name "spandex" is an anagram of the word "expands".

Lycra was invented in 1958 , United States. It was invented by Joseph Shivers, a chemist. It is made from a combination of polyester and polyurethane.

Because of its elasticity and strength, lycra is often used to make clothing. It is commonly mixed with cotton to make things like tights, bras,Lycra shirt,Dr199 and underwear. Lycra is especially common in sports clothing, such as wrestling singlets. It is also often used to make swimsuits and wetsuits, because lycra dries more quickly than many other fabrics.

Types of Lycra Fabric

Aside from the varied manufacturing processes that can be used to make this fabric, there are no distinct differences between Lycra, elastane, and spandex. It is, however, important to know more about each term:

Lycra: As a registered trademark of the DuPont corporation, the "Lycra" brand is one of the most reliable and high-quality forms of elastane fabric on the market. However, elastane that has been branded as Lycra can sometimes cost more than other types of spandex

Elastane: The term "elastane" is most commonly used in Europe, and each continental European language has a slightly different version of this word. Elastane is the most technically correct term used to describe these polyether-polyurea copolymer fabrics.

Spandex: Despite the persistence of a common misconception, spandex is not a registered trademark of any company. Instead, it is the term that DuPont originally used to describe their polyurethane fabric during the development process. "Spandex" is an anagram of "expands," and the attractive simplicity of this name has made it the preferred term for referring to elastane products in the United States and elsewhere.

Where Is Lycra Fabric Produced?
Lycra is a trademark of DuPont, and it is only made by this international corporation. DuPont has manufacturing locations in more than 90 countries, which means that this fabric could be made in any number of areas around the world.

Overall, the international spandex industry has shifted eastward in the last few decades as China has risen to the fore as the dominant manufacturing power in the world. DuPont has a number of factories in China, and many other companies also manufacture spandex in this country.

The future of Lycra fabric production around the world looks bright. A ReportBuyer report from 2018 indicates that this fabric will continue to be made in greater and greater quantities until at least 2023, and all signs indicate that this production boom will continue far past this projected date.
ow

Does Lycra Fabric Impact the Environment
The production of Lycra is not considered to be inherently detrimental to the environment. While it's true that the production of elastane fabrics requires high levels of energy and the use of a variety of toxic chemicals, unlike fabrics like nylon, the raw ingredients for Lycra are not derived from non-renewable resources like petroleum oil.

Instead, these ingredients are fully synthesized in laboratory settings, and DuPont is one of the world's leaders in sustainable and safe elastane manufacturing processes. There's no getting around the fact that the production of Lycra involves carcinogenic chemicals, but scientific research has indicated that elastane factory workers in Sweden exhibit negligibly greater cancer risk, which seems to indicate that workplaces in which this material is made are not very hazardous. No studies have been done, however, to examine the impact of elastane production on workers in other countries.


Thomas Newcomen

Thomas Newcomen (February 1664 – 5 August 1729) was an English inventor. He made the first practical steam engine for pumping water, the Newcomen steam engine.

Newcomen was an ironmonger and a Baptist lay preacher. He was born in Dartmouth, Devon, England, to a merchant family and baptised at St. Saviour's Church on 24 February 1664.

Flooding in coal and tin mines was a large problem. Newcomen was trying to improve ways to pump out the water from the mines. His ironmonger's business specialised in tools for the mining industry.

His first engine was not very efficient, and used a lot of coal. The Watt steam engine, was much more fuel efficient. Watt and his partner Matthew Boulton got substantial royalties because their machines saved so much on fuel bills.

There are examples of Newcomen engines in the Science Museum (London) and the Ford Museum, Dearborn, Michigan.

Perhaps the last Newcomen-style engine to be used commercially – and the last still on its original site – is at the Elsecar Heritage Centre, near Barnsley in South Yorkshire. Newcomen engines that can be seen working are the Newcomen Memorial Engine at Dartmouth and the replica engine at the Black Country Museum in Dudley, West Midlands.

Superphylum

A superphylum is an unofficial grade in taxonomy, above the phylum and below the subregnum, used to describe a group of phyla which probably evolved from a common ancestor.

It is used especially in the animal kingdom. Examples:


Chinese name

Chinese names () are names for people in Chinese languages. They are mostly used by Chinese people, but some Korean people and Vietnamese people also use forms of Chinese names.

Modern Chinese names are made up of a surname and a personal name. The surname ("xìng" ) appears first. It is usually only one syllable. The personal name ("míng" ) appears second. It is nearly always either one or two syllables. When written, each syllable is written with one character. So a person's name will usually be written with two or three characters. For example, Wei () of the Zhang () family – currently China's most common single name – is called "Zhang Wei" and written as .

Before the 20th century, educated Chinese people also used a "courtesy name" or "style name" ("zì" ). This is the name by which they were known among those outside of their family and friends.

Lennie Bluett

Lennie Bluett (January 21, 1919 – January 1, 2016), was an American actor, pianist, dancer and singer. He was born in Los Angeles, California. Bluett played a soldier in "Gone With the Wind" in 1939. He also appeared in "Mighty Joe Young" and in "A Star Is Born".

Bluett died on January 1, 2016 in Los Angeles at the age of 96.

Conrad Phillips

Conrad Phillips (born Conrad Philip Havord; 13 April 1925 – 13 January 2016) was a British movie and television actor. He was born in London, England. He was known for playing William Tell in "The Adventures of William Tell" and for guest-star role as Mr. Lloyd in "Fawlty Towers".

Phillips died in Chippenham, Wiltshire from complications of pneumonia at the age of 90.


Household

In economics, a household is the name given to a number of people who live in the same place, and who share a number of things. Very often, this is the case with a family, but this need not be the case. People living in the same household profit, because they can share some of the expenses.

It is an important concept in social security. People in the same household are expected to support each other. Benefits for the poor are generally based on households.

Eddie Robinson (baseball)

William Edward Robinson (December 15, 1920 – October 4, 2021) was an American Major League Baseball first baseman, scout, coach and front office executive of the 1940s, 1950s, 1960s, 1970s and 1980s. He was the author of an autobiography, published in 2011, "Lucky Me: My Sixty-five Years in Baseball".

Robinson was born in Paris, Texas. He studied at Pairs Junior College. His career began in September 1942.

Robinson played for the Cleveland Indians in 1942, again from 1946 through 1948 and lastly in 1957. He also played for the Washington Senators from 1949 through 1950, for the Chicago White Sox from 1950 through 1952, the Philadelphia Athletics in 1953, the New York Yankees from 1954 through 1956, the Detroit Tigers in 1957, and for the Baltimore Orioles in 1957.

After the death of Val Heim on November 21, 2019, Robinson became the oldest living player. He turned 100 in December 2020.

Robinson died on October 4, 2021 in Bastrop, Texas at the age of 100.


TAP Portugal

TAP Portugal is the flag carrier airline of Portugal. Its headquarters and hub are at Lisbon Portela Airport. TAP operates about 2,000 flights a week to 88 destinations in 38 countries worldwide.

TAP Portugal was founded on March 14, 1945. It began flying on September 19, 1945. It's first flight was from Lisbon to Madrid. The one-millionth passenger flew on TAP on 19 June 1964, 18 years after the airline began operations. In 1969, TAP began flying New York City. Boston was added to the New York service in 1970. TAP bought Boeing 747 airplanes during the 1970s. In 1975, TAP was nationalized, becoming a state-owned corporation (Empresa Pública) and changing its name to TAP Air Portugal in March 1979. TAP became a member of Star Alliance in 2005. 

XTRA Airways

Avelo Airlines is a ultra low-cost carrier from the United States. It began in 1987. It was first known as "Casino Express Airlines" and provided a few flights per week. In 2005, it was renamed "XTRA Airways" and started flying only for hire. The airline's headquarters was in Coral Gables, Florida. In 2016, XTRA had 9 airplanes.

In 2021, XTRA announced it had rebranded to AVELO Airlines and started flying public flights once again. The rebranded airline used a low-cost business model.

Googleplex

Googleplex is the head office of Google, Inc. The office is located at 1600 Amphitheatre Parkway in Mountain View, Santa Clara County, California, United States, near San Jose.

The original complex has 2,000,000 square feet (190,000 m) of office space. It is the company's second largest building. The Bay View addition to the building was added in 2015. This made it part of the biggest collection of Google buildings. It has 3,100,000 square feet (290,000 m) of space.

The place was owned by Silicon Graphics in the past. The office space and corporate campus is in a bigger 26-acre (110,000 m) site. The place also includes Charleston Park and better connection to Permanente Creek, as well as roads that connect to Shoreline Park and the Bay Trail. The project was started in 1994. It was built on the site of one of the working farms in the area.The city owned it at the time.

Google got the facilities in early 2003. Clive Wilkinson Architects redesigned the inside in 2005. Google bought some of Silicon Graphics' properties in June 2006 for $319 million.

The buildings are not tall, but the complex covers a large area of land. The inside of the headquarters has items like shade lamps and giant rubber balls for decoration. The lobby has a piano and a projection of current live Google searches. There are also facilities like free laundry rooms, two small swimming pools, volleyball courts, and eighteen cafeterias with different menus. Google has also put in models of SpaceShipOne and a dinosaur skeleton.

Since 2007 the place has a set of solar panels covering the roofs of eight buildings and two solar carports. These can produce 1.6 megawatts of electricity. 30% of the peak electricity demand comes from the panels in their solar-powered buildings.

In 2013 construction started on a new 1.1 million square foot headquarters campus called "Bay View". This was next to the original campus on leased from NASA. The estimated cost of the project is $120 million with a target opening date of 2015.

NBBJ is the architect of the addition. This is also the first time Google has designed its own buildings.

The addition is close to northeast corner of the complex. Google tried to get permission from the city to build bridges over Stevens Creek before announcing its construction. Google's 2012 year-end annual report says that it can expand only of the site.

The Googleplex was featured in the 2013 film "The Internship", with the Georgia Tech campus standing in as a double. It was also the inspiration for the fictional Hooli headquarters in the HBO TV series "Silicon Valley".

Rudolf Höss

Rudolf Franz Ferdinand Höss (also Höß, Hoeß, or Hoess; 25 November 1901 – 16 April 1947) was a high-ranking member of the Nazi "Schutzstaffel" (SS) during World War II. He was in charge of Auschwitz concentration camp for about four years from 4 May 1940-18 January 1945. He was put on trial in 1947 at the Auschwitz concentration camp on 16 April 1947 at the age of 45. Höss was friends with Martin Bormann a Nazi official. 

During World War II, Nazi Germany, led by Adolf Hitler, decided to exterminate (kill all of) the Jewish people in Europe. They called this plan the "Final Solution". The Nazis also sent many other people to concentration camps and extermination camps (death camps). As Commandant (commander) at Auschwitz, Höss tested and started using different ways of killing these people more quickly. He started using Zyklon B, a pesticide with hydrogen cyanide in it, to kill prisoners in gas chambers. This allowed Nazi soldiers at Auschwitz to murder 2,000 people every hour. At Auschwitz, he created the largest place meant for the constant mass murder of human beings ever known in history.

Höss joined the Nazi Party in 1922, and joined the SS in 1934. From 4 May 1940 to November 1943, and again from 8 May 1944 to 18 January 1945, he was in charge of Auschwitz. Before Nazi Germany lost World War II, more than a million people were murdered at Auschwitz. Höss was hanged in 1947 after he was found guilty at a trial in Warsaw, Poland.

Höss was born in Baden-Baden, Germany, on 25 November 1900. His parents were Franz Xaver Höss and Lina Höss. He was the oldest of three children, and was the only son. Höss's family was very Catholic.

In his autobiography, Höss said that he was briefly kidnapped by Gypsies when he was a child.

Höss's father was a former German army officer who had served in German East Africa (a German colony that included what are now Burundi, Rwanda, and part of Tanzania). After leaving the army, he ran a tea and coffee business. He brought up his son based on strict Catholic beliefs, and with military discipline. He had decided that Höss would become a Catholic priest. During Höss's early childhood, he was constantly being told about sin, guilt, and the need to do penance.

Höss began turning against religion as a young teenager. This happened after he gave a confession to a priest (he told the priest what he had done wrong). In Catholicism, the "Seal of the Confessional" is supposed to be unbreakable. This means a priest is never supposed to tell anyone what someone has said in a confession. Höss said he started to dislike religion when the priest told Höss's father about something Höss had said in a confession. Soon after this, Höss's father died, and Höss began moving toward a military life.

When World War I started, Höss served briefly in a military hospital. Then, at age 14, he was allowed to join his father's and grandfather's old regiment, the German Army's 21st Regiment of Dragoons. At age 15, he fought with the Ottoman Sixth Army at Baghdad, at Kut-el-Amara, and in Palestine. While stationed in Turkey, he rose to the rank of " (sergeant). At age 17, he was the youngest non-commissioned officer in the German Army. While in the Army, he was injured three times and got malaria. He was awarded the Ottoman Empire's Gallipoli Star, the Iron Cross first and second class, and other decorations.

After Germany surrendered in November 1918, Höss finished high school. Soon, he joined the nationalist paramilitary groups that were forming. First, he joined the East Prussian Volunteer Corps. Then he joined the " in the countries around the Baltic Sea, Silesia, and the Ruhr. Höss participated in the armed terror attacks on Polish people during the Silesian Uprisings (when the Polish people tried to break away from German control). He also participated in terror attacks on French nationals during the Occupation of the Ruhr (when the Ruhr valley in Germany was occupied by France and Belgium).

Höss joined the Nazi Party in 1922 after hearing Adolf Hitler's speech in Munich. Höss led at least one political assassination, and spent six years in jail for it.

On 31 May 1923, in Mecklenburg, Germany, Höss and members of the "Freikorps" (German volunteer soldiers) beat to death a local schoolteacher named Walther Kadow. They did this because Martin Bormann wanted them to. Bormann later became Hitler's private secretary. Bormann thought that Kadow had told the French occupational government Nazi soldier Albert Leo Schlageter was sabotaging French supply lines. Schlageter was arrested and executed on 26 May 1923. Soon afterward, Höss and several accomplices, including Bormann, killed Kadow out of revenge. In 1923, after one of the killers confessed to a local newspaper, Höss was arrested and tried as the leader of the murder. Höss later said than another man was actually in charge, but at the time, Höss accepted the blame as the group's leader. He was convicted and sentenced (on 15 or 17 May 1924). His sentence was for 10 years in Brandenburg Penitentiary (prison). Bormann was sentenced to one year in prison.

Höss was released in July 1928 as part of a general amnesty. He joined the "" ("Artaman League"), a nationalist "back-to-the-land" movement that supported clean, farm living.

On 17 August 1929, Höss married Hedwig Hensel (3 March 1908 – 15 September 1989), whom he met in the Artaman League. Between 1930 and 1943, they had five children: two sons (Klaus and Hans-Jürgen) and three daughters (Heidetraut, Inge-brigitt and Annegret).

Höss became a member of the SS on 1 April 1934, when Heinrich Himmler encouraged all Nazi men to join the SS. Höss joined the "SS-Totenkopfverbände" (Death's Head Units) in the same year. He came to admire Himmler so much that he thought whatever Himmler said was "gospel." He even preferred to display Himmler's picture in his office instead of Hitler's.

Höss was assigned to the Dachau concentration camp in December 1934. There, he where he held the post of "Blockführer" ("Block Leader"), meaning he was in charge of one barracks of prisoners. In 1938, Höss was promoted to "SS-Hauptsturmführer" (Captain), and was made an assistant to Hermann Baranowski in the Sachsenhausen concentration camp.

Höss joined the Waffen-SS in 1939 after Nazi Germany invaded Poland. Höss was good at his job, and his bosses suggested that he should be promoted (given a better job). By the end of his tour of duty there, Höss was in charge of prisoners' belongings.

On 1 May 1940, Höss was appointed commandant of Auschwitz, which was a combination of concentration camps and an extermination camp. Höss commanded the camp for three and a half years. During this time, he changed the original camp into a huge complex (group of camps) called Auschwitz-Birkenau. Höss went to Auschwitz determined "to do things differently" and develop a more efficient camp than the camps at Dachau and Sachsenhausen where he had worked before. Höss lived at Auschwitz in a villa with his wife and five children.

The earliest inmates at Auschwitz were Soviet prisoners of war and Polish prisoners, including peasants and intellectuals. About 700 of these prisoners arrived at Auschwitz in June 1940; the Nazi guards told them they would not survive more than 3 months.

At its largest, Auschwitz included three major camps:

There were also many smaller "sub-camps" nearby. The Auschwitz complex was built on about 8,000 hectares (20,000 acres) that had been cleared of everyone who lived there.
In June 1941, Höss met with SS Commander Heinrich Himmler in Berlin. Himmler told Höss that Hitler had given the order for the "Final Solution" - to kill all of the Jewish people. Himmler had chosen Auschwitz as the place where Europe's Jews would be exterminated. He chose Auschwitz "[because] of its easy access by rail [train] and also because the extensive site offered space for measures ensuring isolation." This meant that Auschwitz was big enough that the genocide of the Jews could be kept secret. Himmler described the project as a "secret Reich matter." Höss later said that "no one was allowed to speak about these matters with any person and that everyone promised upon his life to keep the utmost secrecy."

Höss began testing and perfecting mass murder techniques on 3 September 1941. His experiments made Auschwitz the camp that would kill the most prisoners during the Holocaust. Höss later said that, during a regular day at Auschwitz, two to three trains carrying 2,000 prisoners each would arrive every day for periods of four to six weeks. The prisoners were unloaded in the Birkenau death camp. Prisoners who were strong, healthy, and able to work were marched to barracks in either Birkenau or one of the other Auschwitz camps. Prisoners who were elderly, very young, sick, or unable to do forced labor were killed in gas chambers, which were disguised as showers. At first, small gassing bunkers were located deep in the woods, to keep them secret. Later, four large gas chambers and crematoria were built in Birkenau to make it easier for the Nazis to kill more people, more quickly.

Höss experimented with different poison gases. At first, he used cotton filters soaked in sulfuric acid. Höss later started using hydrogen cyanide (prussic acid), made from the pesticide Zyklon B, after his deputy Karl Fritzsch tested it on a group of Russian prisoners in 1941. Höss said that when he used Zyklon B, it took 3–15 minutes for prisoners to die, and that "we knew when the people were dead because they stopped screaming."

On 10 November 1943, Arthur Liebehenschel became the Commandant at Auschwitz. Höss took over Liebehenschel's last job as the chairman of "Amt D I" in "Amtsgruppe D" of the "SS-Wirtschafts-Verwaltungshauptamt" (WVHA), which ran the concentration camps. Höss also was made the deputy (assistant) of Richard Glücks, the inspector of all of the concentration camps.

On 8 May 1944, Höss returned to Auschwitz to supervise operation "Aktion Höss." In "Aktion Höss," 430,000 Hungarian Jews were sent to Auschwitz and killed in 56 days. Even the huge facility that Höss had built could not handle the huge number of victims' corpses. The camp's staff had to burn thousands of bodies in open fire pits.

In the last days of the war, Himmler told Höss to disguise himself among German Navy sailors. Höss avoided arrest for nearly a year. When he was captured by British soldiers on 11 March 1946 in Gottrupel, he was disguised as a gardener and called himself Franz Lang. His wife, who feared that her son, Klaus, would be shipped off to the Soviet Union to be imprisoned or tortured, had told the British where Höss was. The British soldiers that captured Höss were led by Hanns Alexander, a young Jewish man from Berlin who was forced to flee to England with his entire family during the rise of Nazi Germany. Höss initially denied who he was, until Alexander noticed his wedding ring and demanded to see it. Höss refused to remove it, saying it was stuck on his finger. But when Alexander threatened to cut his finger off, Höss removed the ring. It had the names "Rudolf" and "Hedwig" engraved inside. After being questioned and beaten with axe handles by the British soldiers, Höss admitted who he really was.

Höss appeared at the Nuremberg Trials on 15 April 1946, where he explained his crimes in detail. Affidavits (sworn statements to the court) that Rudolf Höss made while imprisoned in Nuremberg were also used at the Pohl and IG Farben trials.

In his affidavit made at Nuremberg on 5 April 1946, Höss stated:

On 25 May 1946, Höss was handed over to Polish authorities, and the Supreme National Tribunal in Poland tried him for murder. His trial lasted from 11 to 29 March 1947. During his trial, when accused of murdering three and a half million people, Höss replied, "No. Only two and one half million—the rest died from disease and starvation." Höss was sentenced to death by hanging on 2 April 1947. He was executed on 16 April next to the crematorium of the former Auschwitz I concentration camp. He was hanged on a gallows built specifically for his execution, at the location of the camp's "Gestapo". Today, a board that marks the site reads:

Höss wrote his autobiography while awaiting execution. It was published in 1956 as "," and later as "Death Dealer: the Memoirs of the SS Kommandant at Auschwitz" (among other editions).

After discussions with Höss during the Nuremberg Trials where Höss testified, the American military psychologist Gustave Gilbert wrote:

Four days before he was executed, Höss apologized for his crimes in a message to the state prosecutor:

Shortly before his execution, Höss returned to the Catholic Church. On 10 April 1947, he received the sacrament of penance from Friar Władysław Lohn, S.J. On the next day, the same priest gave Höss Holy Communion as Viaticum (the Eucharist given to a person who is dying).

Höss's original confession, with his signature, is displayed in a glass case in the United States Holocaust Memorial Museum in Washington, D.C. Behind the confession is a photo showing Hungarian Jewish women and children walking to one of the four gas chambers in the Birkenau death camp on 26 May 1944.

Notes
Bibliography

Further reading


Bloons Tower Defense

Bloons Tower Defense (also known as Bloons TD or BTD) are a series of tower-defense games that were created by Ninja Kiwi. The focus of the games is to use towers to defeat an enemy called Bloons to progress through the game. As you play the game, the Bloons become more difficult to defeat. Players are able to upgrade their towers to help defeat stronger enemies. Bloons can come with power ups, such as camouflage and regeneration. Most of the Tower Defense games can be played on computers and mobile/tablets.

On mobile, all of the Bloons Tower Defense Games (except Bloons Monkey City and Bloons TD 3, which are free on the App Store) cost $2.99 to play and download. A free game is also on their website. Some of the Bloons games have lite versions, such as Bloons TD or Bloons TD 4, which are free to play, but have limitations.

The enemies of the series are "Bloons". (The trademarked word Bloons is a spinoff of the word ""balloons"".) Once the Bloons come, a monkey will have to be placed to pop them. These monkeys pop the bloons. Red Bloons release no "children". B.A.Ds also have no "parents". Children & parents are terms determining what Bloons release when pop (children) and what Bloon releases that Bloon (parents). For example, the child of a Blue Bloon is a Red Bloon, and the parent of a Blue Bloon is a Green Bloon. A Red Bloon Equivalent (RBE) value is the number of Red Bloons it is equivalent to.

In Bloons, there are a lot of towers. All towers contain upgrades that help make them better. All towers can be upgraded four tiers. You can only upgrade one side of the tower to the fourth tier but upgrade the other side to the second tier.


The Bloons Tower Defense series has been a top seller on the Apple app store. Bloons TD 4 reached No. 6 on Apple's list of top paid iPhone and iPad games in 2010. Bloons TD 5 was able to reach No. 8 on Apple's list of top paid iPhone app downloads in 2013.

Tower defense

Tower Defense is a type of game where players use strategy to build towers to help defeat an enemy. In many tower defence games the player's towers must stop an enemy from invading a base. If the towers cannot stop the enemy, the player loses the game.

The first game that was thought to be a tower defense game was "Rampart" . Other games started to be used for tower defense by using tools in the games to change them. Those games were ones like "Starcraft" , "Age of Empires II" , and "Warcraft III" . 

Tower defense games were made by independent developers also. The first game made in Flash was "Flash Element Tower Defense" . The next game was made quickly after and was called "Desktop Tower Defense" . Desktop Tower Defense won an award from the Independent Games Festival.

Mel Tillis

Lonnie Melvin "Mel" Tillis (August 8, 1932 – November 19, 2017) was an American country music singer and songwriter. He recorded songs since the late 1950s. His biggest success occurred in the 1970s, with a long list of Top 10 hits. His biggest hits include "I Ain't Never", "Good Woman Blues", and "Coca-Cola Cowboy". 

On February 13, 2012, President Barack Obama awarded Tillis the National Medal of Arts for his contributions to country music. He also has won the CMA Awards' most coveted award, Entertainer of the Year. He was also known for his stutter, which does not affect his singing voice. His daughter is country music singer Pam Tillis.

Tillis died on November 19, 2017 of respiratory failure complicated by sepsis in Ocala, Florida at the age of 85.


Noreen Corcoran

Noreen M. Corcoran (October 20, 1943 – January 15, 2016) was an American actress, singer and dancer. Her career began in 1951. She was best known for her co-starring role as the teenager Kelly Gregg in the television sitcom "". She also appeared in movies such as "Gidget Goes to Rome" and in "The Girls on the Beach". She retired in 1965.

Corcoran was born in Quincy, Massachusetts. She studied at California State University. Corcoran died in Van Nuys, Los Angeles, California from heart and lung disease (cardiopulmonary disease) at the age of 72.


William Craig (philosopher)

William Craig (November 13, 1918 – January 13, 2016) was an German-born American professor of Philosophy at University of California, Berkeley. His interests included mathematical logic, and philosophy of science. He was mostly known for the Craig interpolation theorem. Craig received his Ph.D. at Harvard University in 1951.

Craig died in Berkeley, California at the age of 97.

Abbey Simon

Abbey Simon (January 8, 1922 – December 18, 2019) was an American concert pianist, teacher, and recording artist. He was a student of Josef Hofmann at the Curtis Institute of Music. He was the winner of the Naumburg International Piano Competition in 1940. He was called a "supervirtuoso" by the New York Times.

Simon was born in New York City, New York. He studied at Curtis Institute of Music in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. His career began in 1940. Simon died in Geneva on December 18, 2019 at the age of 99.


Rudolf Haag

Rudolf Haag (17 August 1922 – 5 January 2016) was a German theoretical physicist. He was born in Tübingen, Germany.
He was best known for his works to the algebraic formulation of axiomatic quantum field theory, namely the Haag-Kastler axioms
, and a central no-go theorem in QFT, Haag's theorem, which demonstrates the nonexistence of a unitary time-evolution operator in the interaction picture.

In 1965 he founded the journal Communications in Mathematical Physics, which he guided as Chief Editor for eight years.

He was awarded the Max Planck medal in 1970 and the Henri Poincaré Prize of the International Association of Mathematical Physics in 1997.

Haag died on 5 January 2016 at the age of 93.


Jean-Noël Rey

Jean-Noël Rey (23 December 1949 – 16 January 2016) was a Swiss socialist politician. He was the Secretary of the Socialist Group of the Federal Assembly of Switzerland. He was a member of the National Council of Switzerland between 2003 and 2007. He was also the CEO of the national postal service Swiss Post.

Rey was born in Sierre. He was married twice and had two children.

Rey was shot and killed by terrorists on 16 January 2016 in Ouagadougou, Burkina Faso. He was 66.

Francisco X. Alarcón

Francisco Xavier Alarcón (February 21, 1954 – January 15, 2016) was an American poet and educator. He was awarded the American Book Award for "Snake Poems" in 1993. He taught at University of California, Davis. He published over twenty works of poetry between 1985 and 2010. He wrote poetry in English, Spanish and Nahuatl. His works were often translated into other languages including Gaelic and Swedish.

Alarcón was born in Wilmington, Los Angeles, California. He grew up in Guadalajara, Jalisco, Mexico. He studied at Stanford University and California State University, Long Beach. He was openly gay.

Alarcón died from cancer on January 15, 2016 in Davis, California, aged 61.


Carina Jaarnek

Eva Carina Kvistborg Jaarnek (26 December 1962 – 16 January 2016), better known as Carina Jaarnek, was a Swedish singer. She was a member of several dansbands during the 1970s and 1980s, most notably Carina Jaarneks orkester. She recorded many songs with Elvis Presley artists.

Jaarnek was born in Säbrå, Ångermanland. She was married to her manager Niels Kvist Borg and had two daughters. Her sister, Towe, is also a singer.

Jarrnek died from a brain haemorrhage on 16 January 2016 in Stockholm, aged 53.

Lawrence H. Cohn

Lawrence Harvey Cohn (March 11, 1937 – January 9, 2016) was an American heart surgeon, researcher, and medical educator. He was best known for his heart valve repair and replacement surgeries. He was on the surgical staff at Harvard Medical School from 1971 until his death. He was also Professor of Surgery at Harvard Medical School from 1980 until his death. He was awarded the Chair in Cardiac Surgery at Harvard Medical School in 2000.

Cohn was born in San Francisco, California. His family was Jewish. He was married and had two daughters.

Cohen died from a stroke on January 9, 2016 in Boston, Massachusetts. He was 78.

Batch file

A batch file is a special kind of computer file that tells a computer a list of instructions to do in order. Batch files were used a lot when DOS was used by many people. They are good for automating many small pieces of work. Some people still use batch files today.

This is an example of a batch file. It is called a "Hello World" example because it prints the text "Hello World!" to the screen.
@ECHO off
ECHO Hello World!
PAUSE
When that text is put into a file with an extension of ".bat", saved, and run, it will put this on the screen:

Demand forecasting

Demand forecasting is when a business predicts future demand for its products. A business looks at many things when they do demand forecasting. Some of these things are past sales, data from test markets, and statistics. Businesses can also use educated guesses to help predict future demand. Businesses use demand forecasting to help them come up with the amount of demand for their products so they know how much supply to make.

Calculating demand forecast accuracy is the process of determining the accuracy of forecasts made regarding customer demand for a product.

Aldebaran

Aldebaran (α Tau, α Tauri, Alpha Tauri) is an orange giant star. It is about 65 light years away in the zodiac constellation of Taurus. With an average apparent magnitude of 0.87 it is the brightest star in the constellation and is one of the brightest stars in the nighttime sky. The name "Aldebaran" is Arabic ( "") and means "the Follower", probably because it rises near and soon after the Pleiades. The diameter of Aldebaran is 61,277,920 km which is 38,076,334 miles. The planetary exploration probe "Pioneer 10" is heading in the general direction of the star. It should make its closest approach in about two million years.

In 1993 a companion body was reported. A paper recently accepted shows evidence for a planetary companion.

Tau Ceti

Tau Ceti (τ Cet, τ Ceti) is a star in the constellation Cetus. It can be seen with the unaided eye as a third-magnitude star.

It has a spectrum similar to the Sun, but is only 78% of the Sun's mass. It is just under 12 light-years from the Solar System, a relatively nearby star. It is the closest solitary G-class star. The star appears stable, and is "metal-deficient" because (like the Sun) it is mostly made of hydrogen and helium.

There is more than ten times as much dust surrounding Tau Ceti as in the Solar System. There are probably five planets orbiting Tau Ceti, two in the habitable zone. Because of its debris disk, any planet orbiting Tau Ceti would get far more impact events than Earth. Despite this, its Sun-like characteristics have led to widespread interest in the star. Tau Ceti is consistently listed as a target for the Search for Extra-Terrestrial Intelligence (SETI), and it appears in some science fiction literature.

Project Ozma searched for intelligent life (SETI) by examining selected stars for artificial radio signals. It was run by the astronomer Frank Drake, who selected Tau Ceti and Epsilon Eridani as the first targets. Both are near the Solar System and are similar to the Sun. No artificial signals were found after 200 hours of observations. Subsequent radio searches of this star system have also turned up negative.

On December 19, 2012, evidence was presented for a system of five planets orbiting Tau Ceti. The planets' estimated minimum masses are between two and six times the Earth's mass. Their orbital periods range from 14 to 640 days. One of them, Tau Ceti e, appears to orbit about half as far from Tau Ceti as Earth does from the Sun. With Tau Ceti's luminosity of 52% that of the Sun and a distance from the star of 0.552 AU, the planet would receive 1.71 times as much stellar radiation as Earth does. This is slightly less than Venus, which gets 1.91 times Earth's. Some research places it within the star's habitable zone. 

The habitable zone for a star is where liquid water could be present on an Earth-like planet. For Tau Ceti, this is at a radius of 0.55–1.16 AU, where 1 AU is the average distance from the Earth to the Sun.

The Expanse (TV): Destination of the Nauvoo, on a 100 year voyage. The ship is 500m cylinder, 2000m long. It would require a continuous acceleration of 0.05 m/s for 50 years, and an equal deceleration at the halfway point.

The Foundation book series by Isaac Asimov: The home star of the planet Aurora, first planet to be colonized by humans.

Oliver Jeffers

Oliver Jeffers (born 1977) is an artist, illustrator and writer from Belfast, Northern Ireland. He now lives and works in Brooklyn, New York. He graduated from the University of Ulster in 2001. He creates art for children and adult alike.

His picture books, including 'How to catch a star, Lost and found, Stuck have been highly acclaimed. "This Moose Belongs to Me" won the Irish Book Awards Children's Book of 
the Year, Junior category in 2012.

Originally from Belfast, Jeffers now lives and works in Brooklyn, New York.

Here is a list of books that Jeffers has illustrated:

In 2013, Jeffers illustrated the vinyl record cover for the U2 song "Ordinary Love". It is a drawing of Nelson Mandela. 


Blowfly (musician)

Clarence Henry Reid (February 14, 1939 – January 17, 2016), better known by the stage name Blowfly, was an American musician, singer, comedian, rapper and producer. He released over 25 parody albums as "Blowfly" and another three albums as "Clarence Reid". He also wrote ten songs for Gwen McCrae.

Blowfly was born in Cochran, Georgia. His daughter, Tracy Reid, was a professional basketball player.

Blowfly died from liver cancer on January 17, 2016 in Florida, aged 76.

Bob Harkey

Bob Harkey (June 23, 1930 – January 16, 2016) was an American racecar driver. He was in the USAC Championship Car series. He raced in the 1963–1979 seasons. He had 85 career starts, including the Indianapolis 500 in 1964, 1971 and 1973–1976. He finished in the top ten 23 times. His best finish in 4th position in 1964. He was born in Charlotte, North Carolina.

Harkley died on January 16, 2016 in Indianapolis, Indiana, aged 85.


Nazi eugenics

Nazi eugenics were a set of beliefs and rules that were very important to Nazi Germany during World War II. These beliefs said that the Aryan race was the master race – the best race of all – and all other races were inferior (not as good). There were also many other people who the Nazis believed were "life unworthy of life," like people with disabilities. These ideas about eugenics were at the center of the Nazis' beliefs and eventually helped lead to the Holocaust.
Because they did not want these "inferior" people in German society, the Nazis decided to get rid of them, using many different strategies. They began with people with disabilities. The Nazis forced more than 400,000 people with disabilities to be sterilized (to have surgery that would make it impossible for them to have children). They also killed over 300,000 people with disabilities in a program called Action T4. In this program, the Nazis sent people with disabilities to places like Hadamar and Hartheim Euthanasia Centres to be killed. These people were killed with lethal injections and poison gas, in vans and gas chambers at the Euthanasia Centres.

Using what they learned by killing people with disabilities, the Nazis soon built extermination camps (death camps). The Nazis' goal was to use these death camps to exterminate (kill all of) the Jewish and Roma people in Europe. The Nazis also sent many other people who they thought were inferior to the death camps and to concentration camps, where they were forced to work as slaves.

The Nazis' ideas about eugenics said that many different groups of people were "inferior" or "unworthy of life." These included:

The eugenics movement was very popular in the United States by the time it spread to Germany. California eugenicists began writing things that encouraged eugenics and sterilization, and sent them to German scientists and medical professionals. By 1933, California had forced more people to get sterilized than all of the other U.S. states combined. The Nazis got the idea for their compulsory (forced) sterilization program partly from California's program.

In 1927, The Kaiser Wilhelm Institute for Anthropology (KWIA) was created in Berlin with a lot of financial support from the American philanthropic group, the Rockefeller Foundation. The KWIA's director was Eugen Fischer, a German professor of medicine, anthropology, and eugenics. Fischer said he had found scientific proof of the Nazis' eugenics ideas, and the Nazis used his work to justify their eugenics policies.

In 1934, California eugenics leader C.M. Goethe visited Germany. At that time, more than 5,000 people per month were being forcibly sterilized in Germany. Goethe bragged to a coworker:

""You will be interested to know that your work has played a powerful part in shaping the opinions of the group of intellectuals who are behind Hitler in this epoch-making program. Everywhere I sensed that their opinions have been tremendously stimulated by American thought . . . I want you, my dear friend, to carry this thought with you for the rest of your life, that you have really jolted into action a great government of 60 million people.""

Eugenics researcher Harry H. Laughlin often bragged that his Model Eugenic Sterilization laws had been put into action in Germany's Nuremberg Laws. In 1936, Laughlin was invited to an award ceremony at Heidelberg University in Germany. (The ceremony was scheduled on the anniversary of the day Hitler fired all Jews from the Heidelberg faculty two years earlier.) Laughlin was offered an honorary doctorate for his work on the "science of racial cleansing." Laughlin could not afford to attend, and had to pick his doctorate up from the Rockefeller Institute. Afterwards, he proudly shared the award with his co-workers, remarking that he felt that it showed the "common understanding of German and American scientists of the nature of eugenics."

Adolf Hitler read racial hygiene books while he was in Landsberg Prison. "Racial hygiene" was a set of ideas that said that only certain people should be allowed to have children. People who belonged to races that were seen as "inferior" would not be allowed to have children. This way, those races would eventually die out.

Hitler believed Germany had become weak, and had been poisoned by "inferior" people. He believed these "inferior" people were ruining Germany's society, and were the cause of Germany's problems.

In his "Second Book", which was never published during the Nazi era, Hitler praised the ancient Greek city of Sparta. In Sparta, all newborn infants were examined carefully. Any infant that seemed weak, sick, or had any kind of disability was killed. Only the healthy, strong children were allowed to live. This meant that they were the only people alive to have children and continue the Spartan race. Hitler praised this early model of eugenics:

The exposure of the sick, weak, deformed children, in short, their destruction [murder], was more decent and in truth a thousand times more humane than the wretched insanity of our day [in which the most disabled people are allowed to survive], and indeed at any price ... in order subsequently to breed a race of degenerates burdened with illnesses."

Basically, Hitler was saying it was better (and cheaper) to kill people with disabilities than to allow them to live and have children. He thought that if people with disabilities were allowed to have children, their children would also have disabilities. So people with disabilities should be killed to prevent them from "breeding [creating] a race of" "inferior" people.

Hitler would later apply these same ideas to other people he thought were "inferior." The Holocaust was based on the idea that all of these "inferior" people should be killed so they would no longer exist in the Third Reich, Hitler's planned Nazi empire.

In organizing their eugenics program, the Nazis were inspired by the United States' programs of forced sterilization, and especially the eugenics laws that had been enacted in California.

On July 14, 1933, the Nazis passed the Law for the Prevention of Hereditarily Diseased Offspring. ("Hereditary diseases" are genetic disorders which are passed down from parents to children. "Offspring" means "children.") This law did a few things:

In 1934, nearly 4,000 people appealed against court decisions saying they would have to be sterilized. A total of 3,559 of the appeals (89%) failed. By the end of the Nazi regime, the Nazis had created over 200 Hereditary Health Courts (). Based on their rulings, over 400,000 people were forced to be sterilized.

The Nazis made six psychiatric hospitals into "Euthanasia Centres," where people with disabilities (including children) were taken to be killed. These six hospitals were Bernburg, Brandenburg, Grafeneck, Hadamar, Hartheim, and Sonnenstein Euthanasia Centres.

At first, the Nazis killed patients in gas vans. The patients would be put into vansand exhaust gas from the vans' engines would be pumped into the vans. The carbon monoxide in the exhaust gas killed the patients. Later, gas chambers were built into the Euthanasia Centres and used pure carbon monoxide gas to kill the patients.

In July 1934, Nazi Germany passed the Law for Simplification of the Health System. This law set out rules for how the Nazis would decide whether a person was 'genetically sick.' The person would be sent to a Genetic Health Court, which would decide whether the person should be sterilized.

Doctor's offices and welfare departments had to give the Nazis information about people who might be 'genetically sick.'

The Nuremberg Laws of 1935 made anyone who wanted to get married get tested for genetic disorders. The goal of this rule was to make sure the "Aryan race" would stay "pure," without people with disabilities in it. While dating, everyone was encouraged to question their dating partner carefully about whether anyone in their family ever had a genetic disorder. Members of the "Schutzstaffel" (SS) were ordered to carefully interview possible marriage partners to make sure they had no family history of hereditary disease or insanity, but to do this carefully to avoid hurting the woman's feelings. They were told that if they had to reject the woman for eugenic reasons, they should do it politely and not upset the woman.


Bern Herbolsheimer

Bern Herbolsheimer (September 2, 1948 – January 13, 2016) was an American composer and pianist. He was born in Great Falls, Montana. Herbolsheimer served on the music faculty at Cornish College in Seattle. He performed for the National Endowment for the Arts and for the Chamber Music America. He has composed over 500 pieces of work. 

Herbolsheimer died of cancer in Seattle, Washington, aged 67.

Gottfried Honegger

Gottfried Honegger (12 June 1917 – 17 January 2016) was a Swiss artist and graphic designer. From 1955 through 1958, he was art director at Geigy. He worked at the University of Dallas until his death in 2016.

Honegger was born in Zürich, Switerland. He was married to the Swiss illustrator Warja Lavater. He studied shop-window display at the Zurich Kunstgewerbeschule and taught there from 1948. His early work was commercial graphic design. Honegger died at his home in Zürich, Switzerland from a short-illness, aged 98.


Paris School of Business

Paris School of Business (formerly the ESG Management School) is a European business school. The school has two locations, one in Paris and one in Rennes, France. It was created in 1974. PSB offers degrees in the fields of economics, social sciences, luxury markets, arts and management.


Monster Strike

Monster Strike (モンスターストライク: Monsutā Sutoraiku) is a mobile game with elements of RPGs, strategy games and cooperative multiplayer. It is developed by Mixi for the iOS and Android platforms. The game was co-created by Yoshiki Okamoto. In Japan, its name is often shortened to . As of June 30, 2015, the game has daily revenues of $4.2 million. A more traditional RPG of "Monster Strike" was released for the Nintendo 3DS in December 2015.


Tobacco mosaic virus

The tobacco mosaic virus (TMV) was the first virus to be discovered. That is to say, it was the first to be known as a virus.

It is a single stranded RNA virus which infects many plants, especially tobacco and other members of the family Solanaceae. The infection causes "mosaic"-like discolouration on the leaves. Although it was known from the late 19th century that an infectious disease was damaging tobacco crops, it was not until 1930 that the infectious agent was known to be a virus.

In 1886, Adolf Mayer first described the tobacco mosaic disease that could be transferred between plants, similar to bacterial infections. 

In 1892, Dmitri Ivanovsky gave the first concrete evidence for the existence of a non-bacterial infectious agent. He claimed that infected sap remained infectious even after filtering through finest filters. 

In 1898, Martinus Beijerinck independently replicated Ivanovsky's filtration experiments and then showed that the infectious agent was able to reproduce and multiply in the host cells of the tobacco plant. Beijerinck coined the term of "virus" to indicate that the causal agent of tobacco mosaic disease was of non-bacterial nature. 

Tobacco mosaic virus was the first virus to be crystallized. It was achieved by Wendell Meredith Stanley in 1935 who also showed that TMV remains active even after crystallization. For his work, he was awarded 1/3 of the Nobel Prize in Chemistry in 1946, The first electron microscopical images of TMV were made in 1939. 

In 1955, Heinz Fraenkel-Conrat and Robley Williams showed that purified TMV RNA and its capsid (coat) protein assemble by themselves to functional viruses, indicating that this is the most stable structure (the one with the lowest free energy).
The crystallographer Rosalind Franklin worked for Stanley for about a month at Berkeley, and later designed and built a model of TMV for the 1958 World's Fair at Brussels. In 1958, she speculated that the virus was hollow, not solid, and hypothesized that the RNA of TMV is single-stranded. This conjecture was proved correct after her death. 

The investigations of tobacco mosaic disease and subsequent discovery of its viral nature were instrumental in the establishment of the general concepts of virology.

Business school

A business school is a university-level school that offers degrees in a variety of business-related subjects. It may often be a department or institution within a university or it can be a separate school. Instead of a general education, business schools prepare students to enter into the business world. ESCP Europe is considered to be the world's oldest business school.

A business school teaches topics that include: 


Martinair

Martinair is currently a cargo airline from The Netherlands. It started in 1958. In 1991, Martinair started flying cargo. KLM became the only shareholder of Martinair in December 2008. Originally, Martinair flew passengers. On October 30, 2011, Martinair stopped flying passengers and now only flies cargo.

Close Encounters of the Third Kind

Close Encounters of the Third Kind is an 1977 American science fiction movie written and directed by Steven Spielberg, and starring Richard Dreyfuss, Teri Garr, Melinda Dillon, Bob Balaban, Cary Guffey, and François Truffaut. The movie tells the story about Roy Neary, an everyday blue-collar worker in Indiana, whose life changes after an encounter with an undentified flying object (UFO).

Made on a production budget of $19.4 million, "Close Encounters" was released in a limited number of cities on November 16, 1977 and November 23, 1977 before expanding into wide release the following month. It was a critical and commercial success, grossing over $300 million worldwide. The movie received numerous awards and nominations at the 50th Academy Awards, 32nd British Academy Film Awards, the 35th Golden Globe Awards and the 5th Saturn Awards, and has been widely acclaimed at the American Film Institute.

Alcide De Gasperi

Alcide Amedeo Francesco De Gasperi (3 April 1881 – 19 August 1954) was an Italian politician who started the Christian Democracy party, and helped to start the Council of Europe and the European Coal and Steel Community.

He was the Prime Minister of Italy for eight years, between 1945 and 1953. That is longer than any other Italian prime minister except Benito Mussolini, who was a dictator.

De Gasperi was born in Austria-Hungary, and did not become an Italian citizen until after the First World War. In 1927, he was put in prison for one and a half years because he did not support Mussolini's Fascist government. Mussolini released him from prison because the Pope asked him to.

Water tower

A water tower is a building that is used to hold and give out water. It is almost always built on a high place. It works because a pump gives water to the tower, and gravity makes the saved water go out to the places that need water. Those places are connected to the tower by pipes. A water tower is good when there is no power because it uses gravity to send out the water.

Notary

A notary is a person who has learned some laws and has been appointed by a government to do some certain things using those laws. A notary is most often used to witness signatures on legal papers. A notary does this to help stop fraud and to help a person prove that they are who they say they are. Notaries in some locations can also perform marriage ceremonies.


Gaheris

Gaheris is a legendary character, a member of the Knights of the Round Table in Arthurian legend. He was a nephew of King Arthur. He was the third son of Arthur's sister Morgause and her husband Sir Lot. He was described as being valiant, agile, handsome, and his left arm was shorter than his right arm. He was killed by Lancelot in the "Prose Lancelot" He was Sir Gawain's brother. 

S7 Airlines

S7 Airlines is a Russian airline. It is the second largest airline. It was created in May 1992. Originally, it was named "Siberia Airlines". In 1994, the airline joined IATA. The airline's name was changed to "S7 Airlines" in 2005. In 2010, the airline joined Oneworld. S7 Airlines stopped flying Soviet planes in 2008. As of 2015, the airline has Airbus A319s, Airbus A320s, Airbus A321s, Boeing 737s and Boeing 767s.

Crispus Attucks

Crispus Attucks (circa 1723 – March 5, 1770) was the first person to die in the Boston Massacre. This made him the first American to die in the American Revolutionary War. After being killed at the Boston Massacre, Attucks became a martyr of the American Revolution. He also became a symbol for the abolitionist (anti-slavery) movement, both in the 18th century and the 19th century.

Attucks had a big impact on important historical events like the American Revolution and the abolitionist movement. However, he continues to have an impact on American culture today. Even 250 years after his death, modern songs, stories, and television shows still talk about Attucks. Children go to schools that are named after him. In 2002, Attucks was named one of the "100 Greatest African Americans" in United States History.

Aside from how he died, historians do not know much about Attucks' life. His father, Prince Yonger, was a slave who had been born in Africa; his mother, Nancy Attucks, was a Wampanoag Native American. One of Crispus Attucks' ancestors was John Attucks of Massachusetts, who was hanged during King Philip's War.

Attucks himself may have been a freeman, or may have escaped slavery. However, some evidence suggests that Attucks was born a slave in Framingham, Massachusetts, but escaped from slavery. In 1750, William Brown, a slave-owner in Framingham, put out an advertisement about a runaway slave named Crispus. In the advertisement, Brown offered a reward of 10 pounds to whoever found and returned Attucks to him. The description in the advertisement fit Crispus Attucks. This suggests that Attucks was a runaway slave. Still, people have argued for decades about whether Attucks was a free black man or a runaway slave. 

Attucks may have worked as a dockworker or a merchant seaman. He definitely became a sailor and spent most of the rest of his life at sea. He often worked on whalers, which involved long trips at sea. Many historians also believe that he went by the alias "Michael Johnson" in order to avoid being caught and sent back to slavery. He may only have been temporarily in Boston in early 1770, having recently returned from a voyage to the Bahamas. He was due to leave shortly afterwards on a ship for North Carolina.

John Adams successfully argued that most of the accused British soldiers fired their guns in self-defense. He got all but two of the soldiers acquitted of murder (found not guilty). Two of the soldiers were found guilty of manslaughter. They were punished by being branded (burned) on their thumbs. While defending the British soldiers, Adams called the crowd "a motley rabble of saucy boys, negros and molattoes, Irish teagues and outlandish Jack Tarrs." In particular, he accused Attucks of having decided "to be the hero of the night," and of having started a conflict with his "mad behavior."

The five people killed in the Massacre were buried as heroes in the Granary Burying Ground, which also contains the graves of Samuel Adams, John Hancock, and other important people.

After being killed in the Boston Massacre, Attucks was held up as the first martyr of the American Revolution. The deaths of Attucks and four other Americans enraged the American people and helped trigger the start of the American Revolution.

Attucks also became a symbol of the abolitionist (anti-slavery) movement in the 18th century. In the early 19th century, as the abolitionist movement gained strength in Boston, supporters praised Attucks as an African American who played a heroic role in the history of the United States. Because Attucks was of mixed African and Native American heritage, he also became an important figure in Native American history.



Glenn Frey

Glenn Lewis Frey () (November 6, 1948 – January 18, 2016) was an American singer, songwriter, producer and actor. He was best known as a founding member of rock band the Eagles. 

During the seventies, Frey played guitar with the band, as well as piano and keyboards. Frey was one of the primary singers of the Eagles, he sang lead vocals on songs such as "Take It Easy", "Peaceful Easy Feeling", "Tequila Sunrise", "Already Gone", "Lyin' Eyes", "New Kid in Town", and "Heartache Tonight".

On January 18, 2016, Frey died in New York City at the age of 67 from rheumatoid arthritis, acute ulcerative colitis, and pneumonia. He had been recovering from intestinal surgery. 

Michel Tournier

Michel Tournier (19 December 1924 – 18 January 2016) was a French writer. He has won awards such as the "Grand Prix du roman de l'Académie française" in 1967 for "Friday, or, The Other Island" and the Prix Goncourt for "The Erl-King" in 1970. He was a member of the Académie Goncourt. His autobiography has been translated and published as "The Wind Spirit" (Beacon Press, 1988). He had been named as a contender for the Nobel Prize in Literature. He was born in Paris, France.

Tournier died on 18 January 2016 in Choisel, France at the age of 91.

Viral envelope

A viral envelope is the outermost layer of a virus. It protects the virus when it moves between host cells as part of its life-cycle. Not all viruses have envelopes.

The envelopes are made from parts of the host cell membranes (phospholipids and proteins), but include some viral glycoproteins. They may help viruses avoid the host immune system. Glycoproteins on the surface of the envelope help to identify and bind to receptor sites on the host's membrane. The viral envelope then fuses with the host's membrane, allowing virus genome to enter and infect the host.

Some enveloped viruses also have a capsid. This is another protein layer, between the envelope and the genome.

The cell from which a virus buds often dies or is weakened. The lipid bilayer envelope of these viruses is sensitive to desiccation, heat, and detergents This makes it easier to sterile these viruses than non-enveloped viruses. They can not survive for very long outside host environments, and usually need to move directly from host to host. They are very adaptable and can change in a short time in order to evade the immune system. Enveloped viruses can cause persistent infections.

There are several classes of enveloped viruses that can infect humans and cause illness:


Bulworth

Bulworth is a 1998 American political comedy movie. Warren Beatty plays the title character. Halle Berry plays Nina. Don Cheadle plays L.D.. Paul Sorvino plays Graham Crockett. Christine Baranski plays Constance Bulworth.
In the movie, California Senator Jay Bulworth is losing his bid for re-election to a fiery young populist. His socialist views, formed in the 1960s and 1970s, have lost favor with voters. He has changed to more conservative politics. He also accepts donations from big corporations. Furthermore, he and his wife have been having affairs for years, with each other's knowledge.

Bulworth is tired of politics. He is also unhappy with his life in general and planning to commit suicide. He negotiates a $10 million life insurance policy with his daughter as the beneficiary. Knowing that a suicide will void his daughter's inheritance, he plans to have himself murdered in two days' time.

Bulworth turns up in California extremely drunk. He also smokes marijuana and raps in public. His frank and offensive remarks make him an instant media darling and re-energize his campaign. Along the way he becomes romantically involved with a young black activist named Nina. Nina tags along with him on his campaign stops. As the movie progresses, he gets pursued by paparazzi, his insurance company and the public.


"Bulworth" made a great deal of controversy. However, it received a positive reception from movie critics. It has a 75% rating on Rotten Tomatoes.

The movie was released on May 15, 1998. It did extremely well in limited release. It took in more than $29 million in the box office.

Paul Sorvino

Paul Sorvino (April 13, 1939 – July 25, 2022) was an American actor. He often played authority figures on both sides of the law. He played Paulie Cicero in the 1990 gangster movie "Goodfellas". He also played NYPD Sergeant Phil Cerreta in "Law & Order". He was the father of actress Mira Sorvino.

Sorvino was born in Brooklyn, New York City.

On July 25, 2022, Sorvino died of natural causes at the Mayo Clinic in Jacksonville, Florida at the age of 83.

Isaiah Washington

Isaiah Washington IV (born August 3, 1963) is an American actor. He has been in several movies made by Spike Lee. Between 2005 and 2007, he played Dr. Preston Burke on ABC's "Grey's Anatomy". He also played Vic in the 1994 drama movie "Crooklyn".

Washington was born in Houston, Texas.

Stock (firearm)

A stock, also known as a shoulder stock, a buttstock, or simply a butt is a part of a rifle or other firearm, to which the barrel and firing mechanism are attached. It is held firmly against the shooter's shoulder when firing the gun. Stocks are also found on crossbows, though a crossbow stock is properly called a "tiller". The stock provides a means for the shooter to firmly support the device and easily aim it. The stock also transmits recoil (the shock of firing the weapon) into the shooter's shoulder. The term stock dates to 1571 and comes from the Germanic word "stoc", meaning tree trunk. This refers to the wooden nature of the gunstock.

Law of the United States

The law of the United States is made up of many levels of codified and uncodified forms of law. The most important these is the United States Constitution. This established the federal government of the United States. The Constitution sets out the boundaries of federal law. This consists of acts of Congress, treaties ratified by the Senate, regulations promoted by the executive branch, and case law originating from the federal judiciary. The United States Code is the official compilation and codification of general and permanent federal statutory law.

Federal law and treaties, so long as they are in accordance with the Constitution, preempt conflicting state and territorial laws in the 50 U.S. states and in the territories. However, the scope of federal preemption is limited because the scope of federal power is not universal. In the dual-sovereign system of American federalism states are the plenary sovereigns. Each state has its own constitution, while the federal sovereign possesses only the limited supreme authority given by the Constitution. States may grant their citizens broader rights than the federal Constitution as long as they do not infringe on any federal constitutional rights. Most U.S. law (especially the actual "living law" of contract, tort, property, criminal, and family law) experienced by the majority of citizens on a day-to-day basis consists primarily of state law, which can and does vary greatly from one state to the next.

At both the federal and state levels, the law of the United States is largely based on the common law system of English law. This was the system of law that was in force at the time of the Revolutionary War. However, American law has changed from its English ancestor both in terms of substance and procedure. American law also borrows ideas from civil law.

Ninja Kiwi

Ninja Kiwi, which was previously known as Kaiparasoft Ltd, is a mobile and online video game developer founded in Auckland, New Zealand. It was founded in 2006 by brothers Chris and Stephen Harris. 

Ninja Kiwi's first game was a browser based game called "Cash Sprint", developed on the Adobe Flash Platform. Since then, they have produced more than 60 games across platforms including Adobe Flash, Android, iOS, PlayStation Portable, Nintendo DS, and more recently, Steam. They are most known for producing the "Bloons" and "Bloons Tower Defense" games. 

In 2012, Ninja Kiwi purchased Digital Goldfish, a Dundee, Scotland-based developer, for an undisclosed sum. After merging Digital Goldfish to Ninja Kiwi, this increased the total number of Ninja Kiwi employees to 35. By 2021, the total number of employees increased to 70.

Ninja Kiwi has a virtual currency known as NK Coins. Players make purchases of games and in-game purchases by using NK Coins. About eighteen months before Mochi Media's parent company disappeared, Mochi Media discontinued its virtual currency (Mochi Coins), and it was replaced with Ninja Kiwi's virtual currency.

Ninja Kiwi was bought by Modern Times Group on 24th March 2021.

Joe Kenda

Joseph Patrick "Joe" Kenda (born November 14, 1946) is an American television presenter and retired police detective. He is the former Colorado Springs Police Department detective who solved nearly 400 murders in his career. He is featured on the Investigation Discovery television show "Homicide Hunter", where he recounts stories of homicides he solved.

Kenda was born in Herminie, Pennsylvania. He studied at the University of Pittsburgh.


Jane O'Meara Sanders

Jane O’Meara Sanders (born January 3, 1950) is an American civil servant and educator. She is the former President of Burlington College and the wife of United States senator of Vermont and Democratic 2016 Presidential candidate Bernie Sanders. In 1996, she earned a doctorate from Union Institute & University.

Sanders was born in Brooklyn, New York. She studied at Goddard College. Sanders was married to David Driscoll until they divorced. They had three children. Sanders met Bernie in 1981 when Bernie was elected mayor of Burlington, Vermont. They were married in 1988.

Sanders was named President of Burlington College in 2004. She resigned as president in 2011.

Ilse Koch

Ilse Koch (22 September 1906 – 1 September 1967), was the wife of Karl-Otto Koch. (Before getting married, Koch's maiden name was Margarete Ilse Köhler.) During World War II, Karl-Otto Koch was the "Commandant" (commander) of the Nazi concentration camps at Sachsenhausen, Buchenwald, and finally Majdanek. In 1947, Ilse Koch became one of the first important Nazis to be tried by the United States Military.

Mass media around the world covered Ilse Koch's trial. People who had survived the Buchenwald and Majdanek camps talked about how she enjoyed abusing prisoners at the camps. For example, they said she used to like beating prisoners with her riding crop, and that she used to make prisoners do exhausting exercise because she liked watching them suffer. In Germany after the war, Koch was seen as "the concentration camp murderess." She was accused of having prisoners with interesting tattoos murdered so she could take their skin as souvenirs.

The prisoners at the concentration camps called Koch "Die Hexe von Buchenwald" ("The Witch of Buchenwald") because of she would act cruelly and sexually towards prisoners at the same time. In English, she has also been called "The Beast of Buchenwald," the "Queen of Buchenwald," the "Red Witch of Buchenwald," the "Butcher Widow," and, most often, "The Bitch of Buchenwald."

Koch was born Margarete Ilse Köhler on 22 September 1906 in Dresden, Germany. Her father was a factory foreman. In elementary school, she was known as a polite and happy child. At age 15, she started school to become an accountant. Later, she went to work as a bookkeeping clerk. Germany's economy had been ruined when Germany lost World War I, and at the time that Koch worked in bookkeeping, the economy still had not recovered.

In 1932, Ilse Koch became a member of the Nazi Party, which was getting more and more popular. Through she made some friends in the "Sturmabteilung" (SA) and "Schutzstaffel" (SS), she met Karl-Otto Koch in 1934. They got married two years later.

In 1936, Koch began working as a guard and secretary at the Sachsenhausen concentration camp near Berlin, which her fiance, Karl-Otto, commanded. They got married the same year. In 1937, Koch went to Buchenwald when Karl-Otto was made Commandant there. While at Buchenwald, Koch helped with an experiment by picking out tattooed prisoners to be murdered and skinned, so the tattooed parts of their skin could be kept. Koch later said she did this to help a prison doctor, Erich Wagner, in his study of tattooing and crime.

In 1940, Koch built an indoor sports arena, which cost over 250,000 reichsmarks (equal to about $62,500 at the time). She had stolen most of this money from prisoners at the camp. In 1941, Karl-Otto Koch was transferred to Lublin, where he helped create the Majdanek concentration and extermination camp. Ilse Koch stayed at Buchenwald until 24 August 1943. On that day, she and her husband were arrested. The Kochs were charged with embezzlement; stealing huge amounts of money and valuables from prisoners to make themselves rich; and murdering prisoners to keep them from talking about what the Kochs were doing.

Ilse Koch was put in prison until 1944, when she was found not guilty because there was not enough evidence against her. However, her husband was found guilty and sentenced to death by an SS court in Munich. He was shot to death in Buchenwald in April of 1945. 

After her husband was executed, Ilse Koch went to live with her surviving family in the town of Ludwigsburg. She was arrested there by United States officials on 30 June 1945.

Koch and 30 other Nazis were arraigned before the American military court at Dachau in 1947. She was charged with "participating in a criminal plan for aiding, abetting and participating in the murders at Buchenwald." This meant she had been part of a plan to murder people at Buchenwald, and had helped with the murders in some way.

In the courtroom, Koch said that she was pregnant. She was telling the truth; she was eight months pregnant. Koch already had a reputation for having sex with many different men. The Buchenwald Report said there were rumors that Koch was having relationships with Waldemar Hoven, the chief medical doctor at Buchenwald, and Hermann Florstedt, the Deputy Commandant, at the same time. In his book "Innocent at Dachau," the Dachau tribunal court reporter, Joseph Halow, wrote that rumors said Koch had relationships with many SS officers, and even with some of the prisoners at the Buchenwald concentration camp. Still, Koch's pregnancy surprised the court because she was 41 years old at the time. She was also being kept by herself in prison, and saw no men except the Americans who questioned her; most of them were Jewish. In his book, Halow also says he was shocked to learn that Koch may have turned to other men because her husband was a homosexual. Records at Buchenwald showed that he had been treated for syphilis.

On 19 August 1947, Koch was sentenced to life in prison for "[breaking] the laws and customs of war."

On 8 June 1948, General Lucius D. Clay, the temporary military governor of the American Zone in Germany, decreased Koch's life sentence to four years in prison. He gave the reason that "there was no convincing evidence that she had selected inmates for [murder] in order to secure tattooed skins, or that she [had anything] made of human skin."

A biography of General Clay, written by Jean Edward Smith, says that years later, the General said:

However, the General also said: 
News of the change in Koch's sentence did not become public until 16 September 1948. Many people were furious about the change, but General Clay did not change his mind.

Because people were so upset about her lighter sentence, Koch was re-arrested in 1949 and tried before a West German court. The trial started on 27 November 1950 and lasted seven weeks. During this time, 250 witnesses testified, including 50 who defended Koch. Koch collapsed and had to be carried from the court in late December 1950, and again on 11 January 1951. At least four separate witnesses for the prosecution testified either that they had seen Koch choose tattooed prisoners, who were then killed; or that they had seen or helped make human-skin lampshades from tattooed skin. However, prosecutors dropped this charge when they could not prove lampshades or any other items were actually made from human skin.

On 15 January 1951, the Court gave its verdict in a 111 page-long decision. Koch was not in court for the verdict. The Court decided that it could still try Koch, even though she had already been tried in 1944 and 1947, because it was charging her with different crimes than the other trials did. Because of this, trying Koch again would not be double jeopardy. Koch was convicted of charges of incitement (encouraging others) to murder, attempt to murder, and hurt other people badly. On 15 January 1951 , Koch was sentenced to life in prison, and her civil rights were taken away forever.

Koch appealed the Court's decision, but the appeal was denied on 22 April 1952 by the Federal Court of Justice of Germany. Koch later tried several times to get a pardon. However, the Bavarian Ministry of Justice refused all of her requests. Koch also protested her life sentence to the United Nations Commission on Human Rights, but got no help from them.

Karl and Ilse Koch had a son named Artwin and two daughters named Gisele and Gudrun (Gudrun died as a baby). Their son killed himself after the war. Ilse Koch had another son, Uwe, conceived in her prison cell at Dachau by an unknown father. Uwe was born in the Aichach women's prison near Dachau where Koch was sent to serve her life sentence. Right away, he was taken away from her. At the age of 19, Uwe Köhler learned that Koch was his mother and began visiting her regularly at Aichach.

Koch killed herself at Aichach prison on 1 September 1967, at age 60, by hanging herself with her bedsheets.

SS-Obersturmfuhrer ; Lieutenant,SS-Haupsturmfuhrer ; Captain (1934)

SS-Sturmbannfuhrer ; Major,SS-Obersturmbannfuhrer ; Lieutenant-Colonel (1935-1936)

SS-Standartenfuhrer ; Colonel (1937-1945)

Per mille

A per mille is a sign which means parts per thousand. Per mil should not be confused with parts per million (ppm).

It is written ‰, which looks like a percent sign (%) with an extra zero in the divisor.

Benadryl

Benadryl is a brand name for a number of different medications sold by Johnson & Johnson to relieve allergies and coughs. It usually contains antihistamine diphenhydramine. In the United Kingdom, it contains either the antihistamine acrivastine or the long-acting antihistamine cetirizine. Benadryl products are sold in Australia and New Zealand as a cough medicine and do not contain any antihistamine.

Robert M. Carter

Robert Merlin "Bob" Carter (9 March 1942 – 19 January 2016) was a British-born Australian palaeontologist and stratigrapher. He was best known for his strong doubt about the state of climate change in Australia. He was professor and head of the School of Earth Sciences at James Cook University from 1981 to 1998.

Carter was born in England on 9 March 1942. He moved to New Zealand in 1956. He graduated at the University of Otago in 1963 and the University of Cambridge in 1968. He was married to Anne Carter.

Carter died from problems caused by a heart attack on 19 January 2016 in Townsville, Queensland. He was 73.

Gunshot

A gunshot is the discharge of a firearm. It produces a mechanical sound effect and a chemical gunshot residue. The term can also refer to a gunshot wound caused by the bullet. Multiple discharges of a firearm or firearms are referred to as gunfire. The word can mean either the sound of a gun firing, the projectiles that were fired, or both. For example, the statement "gunfire came from the next street" could either mean the sound of discharge, or it could mean the bullets themselves. It is better to be more specific while writing however. "The sound of gunfire" or "we came under gunfire" would be more descriptive and prevent confusion.

There are three things that characterize gunfire and allow a person to detect and locate gunfire and similar weapon discharges:

Gunfire can be confused with other sounds that can sound similar. These include firework explosions and cars backfiring. The sounds may be heard at greater distances in the direction of bullet travel than behind or to either side of the firearm.

Urban areas have noise patterns where background noise is higher during the daytime and lower at night. Firearm muzzle blast may be masked by background noise during daytime. But it may be detected at greater distances during the quieter hours of darkness. A popular urban gunfire locator system typically uses six to ten audio sensors per square mile for trilateration. (two or three per square kilometer)

A suppressor, sometimes called a "silencer", can be attached to the muzzle of a firearm to reduce the sound of firing the weapon. Suppressors attached to the muzzle will not reduce the sound of high velocity gas released from other locations like the gap between the cylinder and barrel of a revolver. A muzzle silencer is also ineffective in reducing the snap of a supersonic bullet, or the noise produced by the mechanical action of a self-loading firearm. Use of silencers is rare in United States crimes. A 2007 study estimated unlawful silencers were involved in only 0.05 percent (1 in 2,000) federal criminal prosecutions. Also, these include cases where the silencer was not used, but simply in the possession of the defendant for 92% of prosecutions involving a silencer.


Hartheim Killing Facility

The Hartheim Killing Facility () was a killing centre that Nazi Germany used to kill people with disabilities during World War II. The Nazis' ideas about eugenics said that people with disabilities were "life unworthy of life. Hartheim was one of six "euthanasia centres" the Nazis set up for their T4 Euthanasia Programme. Their goal was to get rid of all of Germany's people with disabilities. The killing centre was housed in Hartheim Castle in Alkoven, near Linz, Austria.

In June 1945, after the United States took over Austria, an American soldier found the "Hartheim statistics" in the Castle. This was a 39-page report written about the T-4 Euthanasia Programme ("Aktion T4"). It was meant to be seen by other Nazis in the program only. In the report were monthly counts of how many people with mental and physical disabilities were "disinfected" (gassed to death) in the Nazis' six euthanasia centres. In 1968 and 1970, an ex-employee said that he had to put together the material at the end of 1942. The Hartheim statistics included a page that said that "disinfecting [killing] 70,273 people with a life expectation of 10 years" had saved food in the value of 141,775,573.80 Reichsmarks.

According to the Hartheim statistics, between May 1940 and 1 September, 1941, a total of 18,269 people were killed in the gas chamber at Hartheim:
These statistics only cover the first extermination phase of the Nazi's euthanasia programme, "Action T4". Hitler officially ended that program because of protests, but secretly he kept killing people with disabilities. He also kept killing people he did not like right up to the end of the war.

In all it is estimated that a total of 30,000 people were executed at Hartheim. Among those killed were sick prisoners, prisoners with disabilities, and prisoners from concentration camps. The killings were carried out by carbon monoxide poisoning.

Just three days after the formal end of Action T4, a lorry arrived at Hartheim with 70 Jewish inmates from Mauthausen concentration camp. The inmates were killed at Hartheim. The Hartheim killing centre achieved a special reputation, because it was where the largest number of patients, and the most concentration prisoners, were gassed. Their numbers are estimated at 12,000.

Prisoners at Mauthausen who were no longer able to work, especially in the quarries, and "politically undesirable" prisoners were brought to Hartheim to be executed. These victims included:

From 1944 on, T4 doctors no longer picked out sick, elderly, or disabled prisoners to be killed. Instead, the Nazis' new goal was to free up space in the Mauthausen camp quickly, so they would send groups of women to Hartheim to be killed. Other transports came from the concentration camp of Gusen, and probably also from Ravensbrück, during 1944. These transports were made most of women with tuberculosis and women who had been labeled mentally ill.

Adolf Hitler's order from 1 September 1939 approving the start of the T4 Programme only mentioned doctors. Because of this, the Action T4 organisers, Viktor Brack and Karl Brandt, ordered that only medical doctors could execute sick patients. Doctors controlled the poison gas in the euthanasia centres. Many doctors used fake names in records about the people they killed.

From 1940 to 1945, Rudolf Lonauer was the head doctor at Hartheim, and Georg Renno was the Deputy head doctor.

The Action T4 Euthanasia Centres had temporary holding stations for victims. For example, many trucks carrying victims to Hartheim would stop at the Niedernhart Mental Institute in Linz, where Rudolf Lonauer was the senior doctor, as he was at Hartheim. At Niedernhart, victims were mainly killed by starvation or medical overdose (by giving deadly amounts of medicine). Patients would be put into categories. Some would be chosen and taken to Hartheim to be killed.

The Nazis thought that many different groups of people, but especially people with disabilities, were "life unworthy of life." They killed children and adults in their Euthanasia Centers. These victims included:

Almost 350 priests were killed at Hartheim. These victims included 310 Polish priests, seven Germans, six Czechs, four Luxemburgians, three Dutch, and two Belgians. Many of them were taken from the Priest's Block in Dachau concentration camp.

Dachau's chaplain, Hermann Scheipers, was also moved to the camp's invalid's block, so he could be taken to Hartheim as well. Scheipers' sister—who had kept in touch with Schiepers by mail—tracked down Dr. Bernsdorf, who was in charge of the clergy imprisoned in the Priest's Block. She told him that, in Münsterland, many people knew that imprisoned priests were sent to the gas chambers. After the conversation, Bernsdorf telephoned the commandant's office at Dachau. Scheipers reported that on that same day, 13 August 1942, he and three other German clergymen were saved from being sent to Hartheim. They were moved from the invalid's block, where the "Schutzstaffel" (SS) sent prisoners when they were going to be sent to another camp. The four clergymen were sent back to the priest's block.


Gunshot residue

Gunshot residue (GSR) is one of the results of firing a gun. When a bullet leaves the barrel of a firearm, it is accompanied by gases that include both burned and unburned particles of gunpowder. It also includes traces of metal from the firearm, the ammunition and the primer including the signature components of gunshot residue: lead, barium and antimony. GSR is usually found on the skin and clothing of the person who fired the gun. It may also be found in the entrance wound of the victim. This depends on how close the victim was to the gun when it was fired.

When a gun is fired, a plume of gas—including GSR particles—is ejected from the barrel and any other openings in the gun. The gunshot residue is deposited on objects that are close to the fired gun including the gun itself.

Crime scene specialists collect GSR from people and objects when there is reason to believe it may be there. The collected samples are then taken to a laboratory where they are examined. Forensic scientists can also use GSR residue to determine the distance between the barrel of the fired weapon and the target. The farther from the weapon the less the gunshot residue. Collection of GSR is time sensitive in many cases. After 4 to 8 hours it may wear off people's hands. It can remain for longer periods on a dead body or other objects. A number of advancements have been made in gunshot residue examinations in recent years. One improvement is in the use of scanning electron microscopes.

Recently, a test for finding GSR when the ammunition used was "green" or lead-free. In the past lead was required to be in the sample to identify it as GSR. Now a new test can identify GSR as small as a single particle.

In addition to the person who fired a weapon, finding GSR can show:

GSR may not be present for a number of reasons:


Essential medicines

The list of essential medicines is a listing of drugs compiled by the WHO. The list contains a number of drugs, which cover the basic needs of a society. The drugs on the list should be easy to get, and affordable. The list was first published in 1977. It is reviewed every two years. In 2003, 156 countries have joined the effort. As of 2016, over 300 different drugs and vaccines are on the list. About 95 percent of the drugs and substances on the list are not covered by patents, which means that generic drugs using the substance indicated can be produced easily.

There are two major problems with the list: First, there are a number of diseases which mainly occur in developing countries. Many people there cannot afford to pay high prices for drugs, which means pharmaceutical companies are not interested in developing new drugs for such diseases. Examples for such diseases are malaria or tuberculosis. The second problem is that certain drugs on the list are patented, and they are often expensive. Examples for the second kind of drugs are those used to treat AIDS.

According to a study done by the world bank, about a third of the world's population does not have access to these drugs.


Berkshire County, Massachusetts

Berkshire County is a county in the U.S. state of Massachusetts. As of the 2020 Census, the county had a population of 129,026. The county seat and largest city is Pittsfield.

Rogerson, Idaho

Rogerson is an unincorporated community in Twin Falls County, Idaho, United States. Rogerson is part of the Twin Falls, Idaho Micropolitan Statistical Area.

Creutzfeldt–Jakob disease

Creutzfeldt–Jakob disease (pronounced ) or CJD is a neurological disease. It is degenerative (it gets worse over time); it cannot be cured, and it always causes death. CJD is sometimes called a human form of "mad cow disease" (bovine spongiform encephalopathy, or BSE). BSE is actually a cause of one rare type of Creutzfeldt–Jakob disease; the two are not the same disease.

CJD is caused by an infectious agent called a prion. Prions are proteins that are folded wrong. Prions make copies of themselves by changing correctly folded proteins into misfolded shapes. CJD causes brain tissue to become unhealthy very quickly. As the disease destroys the brain, the brain develops holes. The brain's texture changes and becomes like a kitchen sponge.

Types of CJD include:




The first symptom of CJD is dementia, which gets worse very quickly. dementia causes memory loss, personality changes, and hallucinations.

Other common mental symptoms include:

Physical symptoms of CJD often include:

Most people with CJD die within six months after their first symptoms appeared. Often, they die of pneumonia caused by trouble coughing. This is called aspiration pneumonia. About 15% of patients survive for two or more years. Some patients have lived 4–5 years with mostly mental symptoms until the disease gets worse and causes more physical symptoms. Once this happens, people usually die within a year.

The symptoms of CJD are caused by the death of more and more of the brain's nerve cells. When scientists look at brain tissue from a CJD patient under a microscope, they can see many tiny holes where whole areas of nerve cells have died.

Doctors may suspect CJD when a person has certain symptoms. For example, dementia usually gets worse slowly. Dementia that gets worse very quickly is unusual. Along with symptoms like jerky movements, these symptoms may point to possible CJD.
Tests can then be done to show whether the person has CJD. These tests include:

As of 2016, there is no treatment that cures CJD or even slows down its effects. Many experiments are being done to try to find treatments.

Today, the only treatments for CJD are medicines that treat the disease's symptoms and help patients be more comfortable. These treatments do not provide a cure. For example, patients who have seizures may be given anticonvulsant medications. Benzodiazepines can make muscle jerks happen less often.

Patients may also choose to have medical procedures to help with bad symptoms. For example, CJD may cause so much trouble swallowing that a person cannot eat. Some people with CJD choose to have a feeding tube put in when they can no longer eat. This is a tube that goes into the stomach, so that special liquid can be given right into the stomach to give the person hydration and nutrition.


Samira Khalil

Samira Khalil () is an activist from the Homs region of Syria. She was in prison for four years, from 1987 to 1991, because she opposed the Bashar al-Assad government in Syria. She disappeared in the city of Douma on December 9, 2013, with activists Razan Zeitouneh, Wael Hamada, and Nazem Hammadi. They are called the "Douma 4".

After prison, Khalil operated a publishing house. Then she worked with families of detainees. She wrote about detention in Syria. Before her kidnapping, she worked to help women in Douma to start small projects to make money. She stayed in Douma to start two centers for women.

Khalil and her husband Yassin al-Haj Saleh were in a documentary film called Baladna Alraheeb (Our Terrible Country). The film was about the period in their lives before Khalil's kidnapping in 2013.

Khalil received the Petra Kelly Prize from the Heinrich Böll Foundation in 2014. This was for her work at the Center for Documentation of Violations in Syria.


The Last Dragonlord

The Last Dragonlord is the first book in a series written by Joanne Bertin. It is a story about Linden Rathan, who is the only Dragonlord (a mythical half-human who can change into a dragon) without a "soultwin" (the other half of his dragon-human soul). The story takes place in a fictional place called Cassori.

Linden Rathan is the last Dragonlord to have been born in more than 600 years. He is sent to mediate a regency debate between Prince Peridaen and Duke Beren. He is sent along with a soultwinned pair named Kief Shaeldar and Tarlna Aurianne, both Dragonlords as well.

Before Linden gets to Cassori, he finds out that one of his friends, Bard Otter Henderson, will be there with him. Linden is teased by Otter about a person who wants to meet him, but he agrees to meet her. The person he meets is Maurynna Kyrissaean, who is also a Dragonlord, but has not Changed yet. Linden finds out that Maurynna is his soultwin after they meet and he begins to show love to her.

During the regency debate, a group called the Fraternity of Blood attacks the Dragonlords. They are trying to learn how to kill all the Dragonlords and let the Truehumans rule. Linden meets one of the members of the group named Sherrine Coltrane. She seduces him into being her lover in order to learn things about the Dragonlords. She falls in love with Linden and attacks his soultwin Maurynna. The attack makes Linden leave her and she poisons him with a farewell chalice.

After Linden is poisoned, he tries to leave. On the road, he is attacked by two people. During his attack, the poison makes him tell the two people secrets about the Dragonlords. Linden's soultwin Maurynna feels his sickness and saves him from the attackers. Linden is very depressed after the attack and refuses to leave his room.

Linden Rathan is the main character of the story. He is the last Dragonlord to have been born for 600 years. He is the target of a plot by the Fraternity of Blood to learn how to destroy the Dragonlords. His soultwin is Maurynna Kyrissaean.

Maurynna Kyrissaean is the soultwin to Linden Rathan. She starts the story as a new captain of a merchant ship that is bringing goods to Cassori. During the story, she Changes from a human into a Dragonlord. Her Change comes very close to killing her.

Otter Henderson is a bard that travels with Maurynna Kyrissaean to Cassori. He is a very old friend of Linden Rathan. He introduces Linden to Maurynna and her family. Otter also protects Maurynna from a woman named Sherrine who attacks Maurynna after Linden stops a relationship between himself and Sherrine.

Sherrine Colraine is the daughter of Anstella Colraine. She is a beautiful woman and a member of the Fraternity of Blood. Sherrine seduces Linden Rathan to learn secrets about the Dragonlords but ends up falling in love with him. After she attacks Maurynna, Linden stops being her lover. She and Linden share a poisoned farewell chalice, but she takes an antidote to be safe. Sherrine kills herself to save Linden and the prince from Kas Althume at the end of the story.

Kas Althume is the steward to Prince Peridaen. He is also a wizard for the Fraternity of Blood. Kas poisons Prince Rann to try to put Prince Peridaen on the Casori throne. He also poisons Linden Rathan using a farewell chalice and tortures him for knowledge about the Dragonlords. Kas is killed when Sherrine Coltraine stops a ritual killing of Prince Rann.

Shan is Linden Rathan's horse. He is a breed that is very smart. He can understand human speech. Shan travels very far to find Linden in Cassori after he was left behind. He helps Linden get better after Linden gets depressed.

Kief Shaeldar and Tarlna Aurianne are a soultwinned pair of Dragonlords sent with Linden Rathan to Cassori. They help Linden get better from a sickness he has after he drinks from a poisoned chalice.

Prince Peridaen is one of the two people fighting to be regent of Cassori. He is a member of the Fraternity of Blood. He tries to win by putting a counterfeit writing in a chest owned by Duke Beren.

Duke Beren is one of the two people fighting to be regent of Cassori. He is related to Prince Rann.

Respiratory tract

In humans, the respiratory tract is the parts of the body that help with respiration (getting oxygen into the body and getting rid of carbon dioxide).

The respiratory tract is divided into two sections: the upper airways and the lower airways. These two sections are separated by the vocal cords.

The upper respiratory tract starts with the nose and the nasal cavity. When a person breathes in through the nose, the air goes into the nasal cavity. The nasal cavity is lined with mucous and little hairs called cilia. These help filter things like dust out of the air a person breathes. The nasal cavity also warms the air.

Next is the pharynx. The pharynx is a common pathway for air and food. When a person breathes in, air goes through the pharynx on its way to the lungs. When a person eats, food passes through the pharynx on its way to the digestive system. There are three parts to the pharynx:

The next part of the upper airways is the larynx. The larynx is sometimes called the "voice box" because it has the vocal cords in it, making it possible to speak. The larynx also protects the trachea. Important parts of the larynx include:

The vocal cords mark the end of the upper airways.

The larynx continues in the lower airways. Important parts of the larynx that are in the lower airways include:

The trachea then splits into the two main bronchi. This split happens at a place called the carina, which is behind the middle of the sternum (breastbone). The bronchi are two tubes which carry air into the lungs. The main bronchi then split into smaller and smaller bronchi, which reach out into all the parts of the lungs like tree branches. Finally, the smallest bronchi, called bronchioles, end in the alveoli.

The airways' job is to bring air to the lungs, so it can get to the alveoli. At the alveoli, a very important process called "gas exchange" takes place. Oxygen from the air breathed into the lungs goes into the blood. The blood can then carry oxygen to every part of the body through the bloodstream. During gas exchange, carbon dioxide goes from the blood into the lungs, so it can be breathed out. If this exchange of gases did not happen, the body would not get enough oxygen to stay alive, and would also get poisoned by carbon dioxide.


Food drying

Food drying is a method of preserving food. The food is dried (either dehydrated or desiccated). Drying stops the growth of bacteria and fungi by removing water. These micro-organisms, which cause food to spoil, need water to survive.

This method of preserving food has been used since ancient times. The earliest known practice is 12,000 BC by people in the Middle East and Asia.

Water is traditionally removed through evaporation by drying the food in the air, sun or in smoke. A great variety of drying techniques are now used.

Many different foods can be preserved by drying. Meat and fish are preserved through such traditional methods as drying, smoking and salting.


Sans serif

In typography, a sans serif typeface is one that does not have the tiny feet called "serifs" at the end of strokes. 
The term comes from the French word "sans", meaning "without" and "serif" from the Dutch word "schreef" meaning "line".

Sans serif typefaces have been used since the 18th century, but became most used in the twentieth century as the modern art movement developed. Most designers of typefaces were artists. Some were outstanding in other artistic fields, and were part of the wider artistic culture of their times.

The apostle of sans serif was Jan Tschichold (2 April 1902 Leipzig, Germany – 11 August 1974 Locarno, Switzerland), a German-Swiss graphic designer. 
Tschichold not only designed typefaces, he showed how they could be used in the design of book printing. He was a chief designer for Penguin Books after the Second World War.

Sans serif faces are most used for display signs, advertising and for headings in books. Although they seem to work well for the text in books, they are much less used for that purpose.


Fez (hat)

The fez (, plural fezzes or fezes from Arabic "Fas" the main town in Morocco before 1927), as well as its equivalent, the tarboosh ( "ṭarbūsh"), is a felt hat.

There are two types: One is a cone with a flat top, made of red felt. The other is a short cylinder made of kilim fabric. Both usually have a tassel attached to the top. The tarboosh and the modern fez, which is similar, owe much of their development and popularity to the Ottoman era.

In 1925, the fez was banned in Turkey by the President, Mustafa Kemal Atatürk. Since 1925, the fez is not a part of Turkish men's clothing.

Dalkurd FF

Dalkurd FF is an association football club in the town of Borlänge in Sweden. The club was founded by Kurds in Sweden 2004, and played its first Superettan season in 2016.


Bowler hat

The bowler hat is a hard felt hat with a rounded crown.

It was originally designed to protect the head from blows. One story is that the British soldier and politician Edward Coke, the younger brother of the 2nd Earl of Leicester had it made in 1849. Its purpose was to protect his gamekeepers' heads from low-hanging branches while on horseback. The keepers had previously worn top hats, which were easily knocked off and damaged. 

The bowler hat was popular with the working class during the Victorian era, and later on with the middle and upper classes in Britain and the eastern United States. In Britain, they are worn as civilian dress by Guards officers. 

The bowler was the most popular hat in the American Old West. It was "the hat that won the West". Both cowboys and railroad workers preferred the hat because it would not blow off easily in strong wind while riding a horse, or when sticking one's head out the window of a speeding train. It was worn by both lawmen and outlaws, including Bat Masterson, Butch Cassidy, Black Bart, and Billy the Kid. In America the hat came to be commonly known as the "derby", and Wild West outlaw Marion Hedgepeth was commonly referred to as "the Derby Kid".

The bowler, called a in Spanish, has been worn by Quechua and Aymara women since the 1920s, when it was introduced to Bolivia by British railway workers. For many years, a factory in Italy manufactured the hats for the Bolivian market, but they are now made locally. Another region where the bowler hat is worn is the Niger Delta area of Nigeria.

The bowler makes regular appearances. It was part of John Steed's outfit in "The Avengers" British TV series, and Oddjob's favourite weapon in the original "Goldfinger" film. It was worn by "Charlie Chaplin" and Stan Laurel in movies.

Steady-state model

In cosmology, the Steady State theory is a theory about how the universe began. It is an alternative to the Big Bang model. This theory says that the continuous decreasing of density, makes also a continuous creation of matter.

Remote keyless system

A remote keyless system is a device used to control access to a building or car without using a traditional mechanical key.

Edmonde Charles-Roux

Edmonde Charles-Roux (17 April 1920 – 20 January 2016) was a French writer. She was born in Neuilly-sur-Seine, Hauts-de-Seine.

In 1946, she joined the staff of a magazine being created, a women's weekly: "Elle", where she spent two years. From 1948, she worked for the French edition of "Vogue", becoming the magazine’s editor-in-chief in 1954.

Charles-Roux died on 20 January 2016, in Marseille, France, at the age of 95.


Ronald Greenwald

Ronald Greenwald (January 8, 1934 – January 20, 2016) was an American Orthodox Jewish rabbi. He was a businessman and an educator. He was born in New York City.

Greenwald made a career of spy trading, international hostage mediation, and other forms of high-stakes diplomacy. He worked with Presidents Richard Nixon, Gerald Ford and Ronald Reagan to help the Jewish community. He served as a community activist, chaired various civic boards, directed a high school a summer camp and was the chairman of Magenu.

Greenwald died in his sleep while on vacation in Florida from a possible heart attack on January 20, 2016 at the age of 82.


Homayoun Behzadi

Homayoun Behzadi (‎; 20 June 1942 – 22 January 2016) was an Iranian footballer and coach. He usually played as a striker. He played for Paykan, but most notably for the Iran national football team. For a very brief time, Behzadi was the coach of the Persepolis football team in 1975.

Behzadi suffered a heart attack in April 2013. He made a full recovery. Behzadi died in Tehran on 22 January 2016 at the age of 73.


David G. Hartwell

David Geddes Hartwell (July 10, 1941 January 20, 2016) was an American critic, publisher and editor of science fiction and fantasy. He was best known for work with Signet, Pocket and Tor Books publishers. He was also known as an award-winning editor of anthologies. He was born in Salem, Massachusetts.

Hartwell died in Pleasantville, New York from complications of a fall on January 20, 2016 at the age of 74.


Kapo

A kapo or prisoner functionary was a special type of prisoner in the Nazi concentration camps during The Holocaust. Kapos were chosen by the "Schutzstaffel" (SS) camp guards to help run the camps. Some kapos were in charge of other prisoners, who had to do forced labor. Other kapos did paperwork and kept records in the camps.

The Nazis used kapos for many reasons. With kapos helping to run the camps, the camps did not need as many SS guards. The kapos helped the SS control the other prisoners. This made it possible for a small number of SS to run large concentration camps. Also, because kapos were prisoners, they were not paid for their work, so this system also saved a lot of money.

Even though they were not paid, the kapos got special treatment. They did not have to do hard labor, and they were not physically abused like the other prisoners. They sometimes got extra food, cigarettes, alcohol, regular clothes, and private rooms. However, to keep this special treatment, the kapos had to keep the SS guards happy. If they did not control the other prisoners well enough, the kapos would lose their jobs. They would become regular prisoners again.

The SS often chose kapos who were members of violent criminal gangs. These kapos often abused other prisoners badly. The SS allowed this abuse to happen.

The SS controlled the concentration camps. However, from day to day, the kapos helped keep the camps running. They made it possible for the camps to run with fewer SS guards. Sometimes, up to 10% of the prisoners at the camps were kapos. Without the kapos, the SS running the camps would not have been able to keep the camps running smoothly.

Kapos were often hated by other prisoners and were seen as Nazi henchmen. Sometimes, other prisoners would spit on the kapos. Some barracks leaders ("blockälteste") secretly helped prisoners in their barracks get extra food or easier jobs. However, other kapos did more to help the SS, partly because they thought this would help them survive the camps.

Criminal kapos were called "professional criminals" by other prisoners . These kapos were known for being cruel and brutal to other prisoners. In fact, this was why the SS had chosen them to be kapos. According to former prisoners, kapos who were criminals were more likely to be helpful to the SS. Kapos who were sent to concentration camps for disagreeing with the Nazis' politics were more likely to be helpful to other prisoners.

In his "Dictionary of the Camp", Oliver Lustig wrote:

Vicenzo and Luigi Pappalettera wrote in their book "The Brutes Have the Floor" that, every time a new transport of [prisoners] arrived at Mauthausen [concentration camp], Kapo August Adam picked out the professors, lawyers, priests and magistrates and cynically asked them: "Are you a lawyer? A professor? Good! ... I am a killer. I have five convictions on my record: one for manslaughter and four for robbery. Well, here I am in command. The world has turned upside down, did you get that? Do you need a "dolmetscher", an interpreter? Here it is!" And he was pointing to his bat, after which he struck. When he was satisfied, he formed a [work group] with those selected and sent them to clean the latrines.
The SS used domination and terror to control the many prisoners in the camps with just a few SS guards. Kapos were a very important part of this system, where prisoners were completely controlled and always had to be afraid of being hurt or murdered.

The Nazis used many different strategies to torture prisoners mentally and physically, and to keep them under control. These strategies included:

Kapos helped with all these things. Their job also included pushing the prisoners to work harder. Many kapos, especially the criminals, could be very cruel to prisoners, especially when SS guards were nearby, to show that they were doing their jobs and deserved their special treatment. They often beat prisoners, and some even killed prisoners. Some kapos sexually abused young boys and men.

One non-criminal kapo was Josef Heiden. He was an Austrian political prisoner (someone put in prison because they disagreed with the Nazis' political beliefs). Prisoners feared and hated him. He was known as a sadist - someone who liked hurting and torturing people. He killed several people while he was a kapo. He was set free from Dachau concentration camp in 1942, and joined the Waffen SS. Some kapos personally helped the SS mass murder other prisoners. Beginning in October 1944, the Nazis started transferring criminal kapos to the Dirlewanger Brigade of the Waffen SS.

Kapos had a bad reputation for helping the Nazis and often being cruel. However, a book written about Jewish kapos says that many kapos felt caught in the middle. They felt like victims of the Nazis, but at the same time they were helping the Nazis and hurting fellow prisoners. Many of them felt guilty about what they did, both at the time and after World War II ended.

In the kapo system, there were different types of kapos, who had different ranks and different jobs.

The highest, most powerful job that a prisoner could get was called "Lagerältester" ("camp leader" or "camp senior"). He (or she) answered directly to the camp's "commandant" (commander). The Lagerältester had to make sure that everything ran smoothly in the camps every day.

The second-most powerful kapos were the "Blockältester" (block or barracks leader) and the "Stubenältester" (room leader). The "Blockältester" was in charge of the prisoners in the barracks, and making sure they followed the rules. The "Stubenälteste" was in charge of a specific room within a barracks. He had to force the prisoners to make the barracks neat and clean. He was also in charge of the room's hygiene, like killing lice (which spread diseases like typhus).

The "Blockschreiber" (registrar or barrack clerk) kept records. For example, he kept track of prisoners during roll calls (where prisoners were forced to stand and be counted over and over).

Work crews outside the camp were controlled by a "Vorarbeiter" (foreman), a Kapo, or "Oberkapo" (chief kapo). These functionaries pushed their fellow prisoners to work harder and harder, hitting and beating them, even killing them.

Kapos could often help other prisoners by getting them into better barracks, or getting them assigned to easier work. Sometimes, kapos were even able to get other prisoners removed from transport lists when they were scheduled to be sent to death camps. Some kapos were also able to get prisoners new identities to protect them from persecution When kapos did these things, they usually did them only for people in their own group (for example, people from the same country or political party). Not every kapo did this, and the ones who did had to be very careful. If the kapos made the SS angry by helping other prisoners, they would lose their jobs and might even be sent to the gas chambers to be murdered. Heinrich Himmler described this in a speech:

The moment he becomes a "Kapo", he no longer sleeps with [the other prisoners]. He is held accountable for the performance of the work, that they are clean, that the beds are well-built. <nowiki>[...]</nowiki> So, he must drive his men. The moment we become dissatisfied with him, he is no longer Kapo, he's back to sleeping with his men. And he knows that he will be beaten to death by them the first night.<br>—Heinrich Himmler, June 21, 1944

A kapo who the SS liked could have a camp "career" and be promoted from "Kapo" to "Oberkapo" and eventually to "Lagerältester". However, he could also just as easily be sent to the gas chambers if he did something the SS did not like.


Bogusław Kaczyński

Bogusław Kaczyński (May 2, 1942 – January 21, 2016) was a Polish classical music journalist. He was born in Biała Podlaska, Poland.

He was the author of a classical recording series called "The Golden Collection". He also hosted musical competitions, including the Frederic Chopin Piano Competition, the Henryk Wieniawski Violin Competition, and the New Year's Concerts in Vienna.

He has been ranked among the top 10 Polish television personalities by the Polityka magazine. 

Kaczyński died in Warsaw, Poland of a stroke on January 21, 2016, aged 73.


Mrinalini Sarabhai

Mrinalini Sarabhai (; 11 May 1918 – 21 January 2016) was an Indian classical dancer, choreographer and instructor. She was the founder of the Darpana Academy of Performing Arts in the city of Ahmedabad. She received many awards and citations in recognitions of her work to art. She trained over 18,000 students in Bharatnatyam and Kathakali. She was born in Kerala, India. She was married to renowned physicist Vikram Sarabhai.

Sarabhai was hospitalized in Ahmedabad, Gujarat, India for pneumonia on 20 January 2016. She died the next day of respiratory failure at the age of 97.


Germaine Damar

Germaine Damar (born August 31, 1929) is a Luxembourgian actress and dancer. She used the stage name Ria Poncelet. She was born in Petingen, Luxembourg. 

Damar started her career as an acrobat and played in nearly 30 German movies, including three movies in which she was the partner of Peter Alexander. Her best known movies are "Mädchen mit schwachem Gedächtnis" (1956), "Die Drei von der Tankstelle" (1955) and "So ein Millionär hat's schwer" (1958).

Derrick Todd Lee

Derrick Todd Lee (November 5, 1968 – January 21, 2016) was a convicted American serial killer, nicknamed the Baton Rouge Serial Killer. He was born in St. Francisville, Louisiana.

He was linked by DNA to the deaths of seven women in the Baton Rouge and Lafayette areas in Louisiana, and in 2004 was convicted, in separate trials, of the murders of Geralyn DeSoto and Charlotte Murray Pace. The Pace trial resulted in a death sentence. Newspapers have suggested Lee can be linked to other unsolved murders in the area, but the police lacked DNA evidence to prove these connections. 

Lee died on January 21, 2016 at the age of 47, of an undisclosed medical condition at the Louisiana State Penitentiary in the West Feliciana Parish, while awaiting execution.


Sudhindra Thirtha

Sudhindra Thirta (31 March 1926 – 17 January 2016), also known as Shri Sudhindra Thirtha Swamiji, was an Indian Hindu religious leader. He was the legal and spiritual head (mathadipathi) of the Kashi Math and the twentieth successive person called the swamiji of guru parampara. He was born in Ernakulam, Kerala, India.

Thirtha died in Haridwar, India from renal failure on 17 January 2016 at the age of 89.

Frank Sullivan (baseball)

Franklin Leal "Frank" Sullivan (January 23, 1930 – January 19, 2016) was an American right-handed pitcher in Major League Baseball. He played for the Boston Red Sox (1953-60), Philadelphia Phillies (1961-62) and the Minnesota Twins (1962-63). He was born in Hollywood, California.

Sullivan was named to the American League All-Star team in 1955 and 1956, and was elected to the Boston Red Sox Hall of Fame in 2008. 

Sullivan died in Lihue, Hawaii from pneumonia on January 19, 2016 at the age of 85.


Larry Sanders (politician)

Lawrence "Larry" Sanders (born April 25, 1935) is an American-born British academic and politician. He is a member of the Green Party. Sanders was born in Brooklyn, New York. He is the brother of United States senator and Presidential candidate Bernie Sanders.

Sanders moved to the United Kingdom in 1968. He was active in the Labour Party in Oxford in the 1980s. He left the Labour Party in 2001 because he felt that it had moved too far to the right under Tony Blair, and joined the Green Party. Sanders was a Green Party county councillor representing the East Oxford division on Oxfordshire County Council, until he retired from the Council in 2013. He was a candidate to be the Member of Parliament for Witney. He came in fourth place.

Jess Harnell

Jess Q. Harnell (born December 23, 1963) is an American voice actor and singer. He is best known for his voice roles as Wakko Warner in "Animaniacs", Jonny 2x4 in "Ed, Edd n Eddy", Ironhide in the "Transformers" movie series, Chilly in "Doc McStuffins" and Crash Bandicoot in the video game franchise of the same name. He has been the voice of Br'er Rabbit in various Disney projects since 1989. He has been the announcer on "America's Funniest Home Videos" since 1998.

Harnell and his wife Cara were married on November 19, 2019.


Umberto Raho

Umberto Raho (4 June 1922 – 9 January 2016) was an Italian stage, movie and television actor. He was born in Bari, Italy. Raho was known for his roles in "The Bird with the Crystal Plumage", "The Last Man on Earth", and "Superfantagenio".

Raho died in Anzio, Italy from complications of Alzheimer's disease on 9 January 2016 at the age of 93.

Mouthparts

Mouthparts is a general term used in animal biology (zoology). It means the various bits and pieces around the opening of the alimentary canal (mouth). These mouthparts are used by animals to help get their food organised before they swallow it.

All animals have mouthparts except those which absorb their food through their epidermis. The main variations are chewing, sucking and dissolving

Shield bug

Shield bugs are the Acanthosomatidae, a family of Hemiptera. There are 55 genera, with about 200 species.
It is one of the least varied families of bugs. The number of species is quite low for beetles, and it is not known why this is so. Individually they are fairly common.

Shield bugs, like almost all bugs, live by sucking the sap of plants, usually flowering plants. They have a "layered" defence system. From a distance they are difficult to see because they are camouflaged. Then, they have a tough armoured back. Lastly, if touched, they give off revolting scents, rather like stink bugs (which are a related group).

Totterdown

Totterdown is a residential area in Bristol, England. It is just south of the city centre. It is a short walk from Bristol's main train station, Bristol Temple Meads.

Totterdown is known for its steep residential streets and its colourful houses. It has many cafes, bistros and pubs. It is popular for the arts. It hosts The Totterdown Front Room Arts Trail each autumn. The Totterdown Music Festival takes place in the summer. It has easy access to several parks and green spaces - School Road Park, Perrett's Park, Victoria Park and Redcatch Park.

Arnos Vale Cemetery is located in Totterdown. 

Jim Bowie

James "Jim" Bowie (pronounced BOO-ee; April 1796 – March 6, 1836) was a 19th-century American pioneer. He played a prominent role in the Texas Revolution. He died at the Battle of the Alamo. Stories of him as a fighter and frontiersman, both real and fictitious, have made him a legendary figure in Texas history. He is a folk hero of American history. The Bowie knife is named after Jim Bowie.

Bowie was born in April 1796 in Logan County, Kentucky. He was the son of Reason and Elve Ap-Catesby (Jones) Bowie. Reason was a farmer and operated a Gristmill. The family moved in February 1800 to New Madrid, Missouri, then part of Spanish Louisiana. In 1801 they settled on farms in what is now Catahoula Parish, Louisiana. There Reason and his brothers swore allegiance to the Spanish government. Reason created a plantation there where he grew cotton and sugarcane. He also raised livestock and bought and sold slaves. This is where Jim and his brothers grew up.

As a teenager Bowie floated lumber to market in the Avoyelles and Rapides parishes in Louisiana. He and his brother Rezin joined the army during the War of 1812. Their regiment was on its way to join Andrew Jackson at New Orleans when the war ended. After the war he and his brothers entered into the slave-trading business. During this time he developed a reputation as a deadly knife-fighter. He then got into land speculation. He bought large parcels of land and sold them whenever he could make a profit. Many of his land claims turned out to be fraudulent. He and his brothers moved to Arkansas where they soon were involved in new land speculation schemes.

In 1830 Bowie moved to Coahuila y Tejas (now the Mexican state of Coahuila). There he swore allegiance to Mexico. He purchased land grants in Stephen F. Austin's colony. This, and the Cotton mill he bought, allowed him to become a Mexican citizen. He married Ursula de Veramendi in April 1831 and the couple settled at Saltillo, the capital of Coahuila y Tejas. In 1833 the capital changed to Monclova. When the two towns decided to fight over the issue, Bowie supported Monclova. Ursula and her parents died of choleria in Monclova in September of 1833.

While living in Texas, Bowie had a number of adventures. One was written about by his brother John in an article: "Early Life in the Southwest—The Bowies" in De Bow's Review of the Southern and Western States (1852). While looking for a silver mine north of San Antonio Bowie, his brother Rezin and 9 others were attacked by some 150 Comanches. After killing a number of Comanches during several days of fighting, he and the remaining survivors escaped at night to a nearby settlement. 
Antonio López de Santa Anna was the president of Mexico during this time. He declared himself a dictator in May 1834. He then got rid of the congress and the state legislatures. Along with several other Mexican states, Coahuila y Tejas (Texas) rebelled. At first, the Texans (Tejanos) wanted the 1824 constitution brought back. But they soon changed to demand independence from Mexico. Bowie went to San Felipe, Texas to take muskets from a Mexican armory. He fought at the Battle of Concepción in October 1835 having been made a colonel of volunteers.

In January 1836 he joined William B. Travis as co-commanders of The Alamo. There they were joined by others including Davy Crockett, who arrived in February 1836. On February 23, 1836 Santa Anna arrived with an army of up to 6,000 soldiers. About 189 Texans held off the Mexican army for 13 days. The Alamo finally fell on March 6, 1836 with nearly all the defenders killed. One of the few survivors was Sarah the wife of captain Almaron Dickinson.

The knife Bowie was famous for may actually have been designed by his brother, Rezin P. Bowie. Rezin (pronounced "reason") gave his younger brother (Jim) the knife so he would always have a backup weapon. It became history after the sandbar fight on the banks of the Mississippi River in September 1827.

According to his brother John, Jim Bowie was a large man, about tall and about . He had light colored hair, grey eyes and a fair complexion. He has been described as being mild mannered. But if insulted, he had a terrible temper that quickly came out.

There have been a number of movies about the Battle of the Alamo. Bowie has appeared as a character in many of them:




Luminator Bernocchi

Luminator Bernocchi is a type of floor lamp. It was designed by the architect Luciano Baldessari. The Italian entrepreneur Antonio Bernocchi commissioned the lamp. Bernocchi's main business was making textiles. He wanted a lamp which could light the fabrics on display without burning them. The lamp is made from metal. Its design was influenced by Futurism. The prototype was presented in 1929, first in the Bernocchi Pavilion at the Milan Fair and then in the Italian Pavilion at the International Expo in Barcelona.


Miloslav Ransdorf

Miloslav Ransdorf (15 February 1953 – 22 January 2016) was a Czech politician. He served as a Member of the European Parliament for the Communist Party of Bohemia and Moravia from 1 May 2004 until his death. In December 2015, he was arrested for his apparent role in a bank scandal in Switzerland. He was born in Rakovník, Czechoslovakia.

Ransdorf died from a stroke on 22 January 2016 in Prague, aged 62.

Robert Sassone (cyclist)

Robert Sassone (23 November 1978 – 21 January 2016) was a French racing cyclist. He was a member of the Cofidis cycling team. He rode is the men's madison at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney, New South Wales, Australia. He also won the men's madison at the 2001 Track World Championships. He was banned in 2004 for doping. He was born in Nouméa, New Caledonia.

Sassone had cancer during the final years of his life. He killed himself on 21 January 2016, aged 37.

M. K. A. D. S. Gunawardana

Munasinghe Kariyawasam Appuhamilage Don Somadasa Gunawardana (6 March 1947 – 19 January 2016) was a Sri Lankan politician. He was a member of the Parliament of Sri Lanka for the Sri Lanka Freedom Party and later the United National Party. He was Minister of Land from 12 January 2015 until his death.

Gunawardana died on 19 January 2016 in Colombo from cancer, aged 68.

Nine Network

Nine Network, also known as Channel Nine or simply Nine, is an Australian commercial free-to-air television network. It is one of the three major television networks in Australia. It was launched on 16 September 1956.



A. C. Jose

Ambat Chacko Jose (; 5 February 1937 – 23 January 2016) was an Indian politician. He was Speaker of the Kerala Legislative Assembly. He also served as a Member of Parliament from Thrissur Lok Sabha constituency in Kerala three times between 1996 and 2004. He was born in Edapally, Ernakulam.

Jose died on 23 January 2016 in Kochi, aged 78.

Namaste Falls

Namaste Falls () is a waterfall located in Vedatar in Dhankuta district in Nepal. It is about high. It is popular as a tourist destination.

Dhankuta District

Dhankuta is a district in Nepal. It is in the Koshi Province. Its headquarters is Dhankuta.


Dhankuta

Dhankuta ( ) is a town in the hills of eastern Nepal. It is the headquarters of Koshi Zone. It is located in Dhankuta district. Nepali is spoken there, and English is also spoken in some offices.


Achham District

Achham District () is a district in Nepal. It is in the Sudurpashchim Province. Mangalsen is the district headquarters of this district.

Seti Zone

Seti () was a zone of Nepal. It was in the Far-Western Development region of Nepal.


Mangalsen

Mangalsen is a municipality in Nepal. It is the headquarters of the Achham District which is in the Seti Zone of western Nepal.


Lumbini Zone

Lumbini was a zone of Nepal. It was in the Western Development Region. It is the birth place of Gautama Buddha, who became the founder of Buddhism.

Lumbini is one of the holiest place of Buddhists. The original name of Gautama Buddha was Sidhhartha Gautama. Lumbini is in the Terai region of Nepal. Lumbini has been listed on the UNESCO World Heritage Site. It is also a significant pilgrimage for Buddhists.

The most sacred place to go in Lumbini is the Mayadevi Temple (Mayadevi is the name of Lord Buddha’s mother). One can also see the inscriptions on the Ashoka Pillar which say that the Buddha was born in Lumbini. Other than that, there are many other stupas built by countries like China, Japan, Myanmar, Sri Lanka, Germany and so on. There is also a museum where people can see and learn about the ancient history of Lumbini and Gautama Budhha. There are many other fascinating sites in Lumbini which makes it one of the important districts of Nepal. It is also a touristic site as many tourists come and visit there. Lumbini is most visited by Buddhists from all over the world. Many monks do their prayers everyday. 


Rapti Zone

Rapti ( ) was a zone, in the Mid-Western Development Region of Nepal. It was named after the Rapti river.


Karnali Zone

Karnali () was a zone in the Mid-Western Development Region of Nepal. Its headquarters was Jumla. It is a remote region with no roads in or out. Karnali is accessed by several airfields. It is one of the poorest regions in Nepal.


Bheri Zone

Bheri () was a zone of Nepal. It was in the Mid-Western Development Region. Its administrative headquarters was Nepalgunj.


Mahakali Zone

Mahakali (), was a zone of Nepal in the Far-Western Development Region. It had an area of .


Biratnagar

Biratnagar () is a major industrial city and the second largest city in Nepal. Its geographical location is 26°28'60"N 87°16'60"E. The city is located in the Morang District in the Koshi Province of Nepal. It is the capital of the Koshi Province.


Morang District

Morang District ( ), a district of Nepal. It is in the Koshi Province, in the Terai plain area.


Jhapa District

Jhapa District (; ) is a district of Koshi Province in eastern Nepal named after a Rajbanshi |Surjapuri language word "Jhapa" meaning "to cover" (verb). The latest official data, the 2021 Nepal Census, puts the total population of the district at 994,090. The total area of the district is 1,606 square kilometres.

The lowlands of Limbuwan (present-day terai lands of Sunsari, Morang and Jhapa) was collectively known as Morang since the time of King Mawrong of 7th century.In the beginning of 1400 AD, Morang Kingdom patriated from Kingdom of Ilam and Kingdom of Mikluk Bodhey (Choubise) and started ruling on its own.

Jhapa is the easternmost district of Nepal and lies in the fertile Terai plains. It is part of the Outer Terai. Jhapa borders with Ilam in the north, Morang in the west, the Indian state of Bihar in the south and the Indian state of West Bengal to the southeast and east. Geographically, it covers an area of and lies on 87°39’ east to 88°12’ east longitude and 26°20’ north to 26°50’ north latitude.


Lysozyme

A lysozyme is a part of the innate immune system. They are enzymes which are in mucus secretions like saliva. They protect against infection by chopping up the bacteria, viruses and fungi which infect animals.

The name 'lysozyme' was coined in 1922 by Alexander Fleming (1881–1955), the discoverer of penicillin. Fleming first observed the antibacterial action of lysozyme when he treated bacterial cultures with nasal mucus from a patient suffering from a common cold.

Lysozyme is in a number of secretions, such as tears, saliva, milk, and mucus. It is also present in cytoplasmic granules of macrophages and granulocyte neutrophils.

The enzyme works by attacking polymers in the cell walls of bacteria, especially Gram-positive bacteria like "Bacillus" and "Streptococcus".

Lysozyme was the second protein structure, and the first enzyme structure, solved by X-ray diffraction methods. It was the first enzyme to be fully sequenced that contains all twenty common amino acids.
It was also the first enzyme to have a detailed, specific mechanism suggested for its action. This work led to an explanation of how enzymes speed up a chemical reaction by their physical structures.


Stephen Hendry

Stephen Hendry (born 13 January 1969) is a Scottish former professional snooker player. He has won the World Championship seven times, a record in the modern snooker era.

Hendry started playing snooker in 1981, aged 12, and became at 16 years the youngest ever professional. He finished his professional career 27 years later after his defeat in the 2012 world championship. In his career he was between 1990 an 1998 and again 2006/2007 snooker's world number one. Actual Hendry operates as a commentator for BBC Snooker.


Steve Davis

Steve Davis (born 22 August 1957) is an English former professional snooker player. He was born in Plumstead, London. He has won the World Championship six times and dominated snooker in the eighties of the 20th century. 

Davis started his professional career in 1978. Ten years later he became the first player to complete snooker's Triple Crown by winning the UK Championship, Masters, and World Championship in the same season.


The Alamo (1960 movie)

The Alamo is a 1960 American historical-western epic movie about the 1836 Battle of the Alamo. It was produced and directed by John Wayne. The movie starred Wayne as Davy Crockett. The picture also stars Richard Widmark as Jim Bowie. The movie was filmed on location in Texas and released by United Artists. The long 3 hour and 12 minute movie (not counting intermission) was not historically accurate.


John Higgins

John Higgins (born 18 May 1975) is a Scottish professional snooker player. He has won the World Championship four times. He has also lost in the final four times.

In the modern snooker era only Stephen Hendry (7), Steve Davis (6), Ray Reardon (6) and Ronnie O'Sullivan (7) were more often world champion. 

John Higgins started his professional career in 1992. Because of a betting scandal in 2010, he was banned for six months, but successfully returned to the World Snooker Tour.


Ray Reardon

Ray Reardon (born 8 October 1932) is a former Welsh snooker player who dominated his sport in the seventies of the 20th Century. He has won the World Championship six times. The former policeman and miner started his professional snooker career in 1967, which ended in 1992. As the world's best player, he was replaced by Steve Davis.


Eileen Heckart

Eileen Heckart (March 29, 1919 – December 31, 2001) was an American movie, television and stage actress. She was born Anna Eileen Herbert. "Heckart" is the last name by which she was known for most of her life. 

On Broadway, she acted in "The Bad Seed", "Picnic", "Barefoot in the Park", "A Memory of Two Mondays" and "The Cemetery Club". In movies, she acted in "The First Wives Club". She also appeared in the Clint Eastwood movie "Heartbreak Ridge". On television, Heckart acted in "Partners in Crime", "Love Story" and "The Mary Tyler Moore Show".

Heckart was born in Columbus, Ohio. She died of lung cancer in Norwalk, Connecticut at age 82. 


December 1969 nor'easter

The December 1969 nor'easter was a strong winter storm. It affected the Northeastern United States and Quebec. It included a tornado outbreak, record snow accumulations, a damaging ice storm, and flooding rains.

Altenburg Abbey

Altenburg Abbey is a Benedictine monastery in Austria. It was founded in 1144 by Countess Hildeburg of Poigen-Rebgau. It is located in Horn, near Sankt Pölten, in Lower Austria. The site is known for its Baroque architecture today. 


The Bad Seed (movie)

The Bad Seed is a 1956 American horror movie. It has elements of film noir. This movie is based on the 1954 play of the same name.

On her piano, eight year old Rhoda Penmark (played by Patty McCormack) plays the French song "Au clair de la lune" while her father says his good-byes and goes on military duty. Rhoda is under the care of her mother Christine (Nancy Kelly). 

Rhoda begins as a well-behaved child. As the movie goes on, she becomes evil and sinister. She commits murder, steals and sets fires. 

A lightning bolt during a rainstorm kills Rhoda instantly.


This was one of Warner Bros. biggest movies of the year. It took in $4.1 million in the American box office. It was also popular in the British box office. 

The movie was nominated for four Academy Awards, including Best Actress, Best Actress in a Supporting Role and Best Cinematography.

"The Bad Seed" was remade for television in 1985.


Patty McCormack

Patty McCormack (born Patricia Ellen Russo, August 21, 1945) is an American actress. She acts in theater, television and movies. She played eight year old sociopath and killer Rhoda Penmark in "The Bad Seed". She also played Joanna Wilkes in "The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn".

McCormack was born in Brooklyn, New York.

Faraday cage

A Faraday cage or Faraday shield is an enclosure made from material that conducts electricity. It is used to block electric fields. The Faraday cage is named after the English scientist Michael Faraday, who invented it in 1836.

An electrical field outside the cage causes electric charges in the cage's conducting material to move around and cancel the field's effect inside the cage. It protects sensitive electronic equipment from external radio frequency interference (RFI). 

Faraday cages are also used to enclose devices that produce RFI, such as radio transmitters, to prevent their radio waves from interfering with other nearby equipment. They are also used to protect people and equipment against actual electric currents such as lightning strikes and electrostatic discharges. The enclosing cage conducts current round the outside of the enclosed space and none passes though the inside space.

Ilam District

Ilam district () is a district in Nepal. It is in the Koshi Province. The population was 290,254 according to the census of 2011.


Ilam Municipality

Ilam ( ) is a municipality in the Ilam District of Nepal. It is in the hilly region of Mechi zone in eastern Nepal. It is the headquarters of Mechi Zone and Ilam district. Nepali is spoken there, and English is also spoken in some offices.


Panchthar District

Panchthar district ( ) is a district in Nepal. It is in the Koshi Province.


Phidim Municipality

Phidim is a municipality of Nepal. It is in the Panchthar District of the Mechi Zone. This municipality was made on 18 May 2014 by merging Phidim, Chokmagu and Siwa villages.



Arghakhanchi District



Sandhikharka

Sandhikharka () is a municipality in Nepal. It is the headquarters of Arghakhanchi District, in the Lumbini Zone of Nepal. On 18 May 2014, it was converted into a municipality by merging Sandhikharka, Bangla, Narapani, Khanchikot, Kimadada, Argha and Dibharna VDCs.


Samsung Galaxy Note

Samsung Galaxy Note is a series of smartphones and tablet computers made by Samsung Electronics. They use Android as their operating system.

The models are mainly for pen computing. All Galaxy Note models come with a stylus pen. They have a Wacom digitizer that turns handwriting into text.

Phablet

A phablet () is a type of mobile device designed to combine the format of smartphones and tablet computers. The name itself is a combination of the words "phone" and "tablet".

Phablets have screens that measure diagonally . This size allows for activities such as mobile web browsing and watching videos.

Elisabeta Polihroniade

Elisabeta Polihroniade (24 April 1935 – 23 January 2016) was a Romanian chess player and journalist. She became a Woman Grandmaster in 1982. She was also an International Arbiter. She won the Romanian Women's Championship in 1966, 1970, 1971, 1972, 1975, 1976 and 1977. She was born in Bucharest.

Polihroniade died on 23 January 2016, aged 80.


Barry Brickell

Ian Barry Brickell (26 October 1935 – 23 January 2016), better known as Barry Brickell, was a New Zealand potter and conservationist. He was the founder and builder of the Driving Creek Railway in the Coromandel Peninsula, a popular tourist attraction. He was born in New Plymouth and grew up in Auckland.

Brickell died on 23 January 2016, aged 80.

Jimmy White

James Warren "Jimmy" White (born 2 May 1962 in London) is an English professional snooker player. He is one of the most popular players 

Jimmy White is a six times World Championship finalist but lost the finale each time: 1984 against Steve Davis, 1990 against Stephen Hendry, 1991 against John Parrott and in the next three years still to Stephen Hendry.


Baglung District

Baglung District ( ) is a district in Nepal. It is in the Gandaki Province. The district headquarters is Baglung. The district covers an area of . In 2011, it had a population of 268,613.


Baitadi District

Baitadi District ( ) is a district of Nepal. It is in the Sudurpashchim Province. Baitadi is the headquarters of this district.


Khalanga, Baitadi

Baitadi Khalanga or Baitadi is a town and the headquarters of the Baitadi District in the Mahakali Zone of western Nepal. According to the 1991 Nepal census it had total population of 5,352. There were 1,011 houses in the town. It shares an international border with Uttarakhand, India. The two are separated by the Mahakali River. This part of Nepal is less developed than the eastern part of the country.


John Parrott

John Parrott (born 11 May 1964 in Liverpool) is an English former professional snooker player. He was twice in the finals of the World Snooker Championship. In 1989, he lost to Steve Davis, in 1991 he defeated Jimmy White.

Parrott started his professional career in 1989, in the 2010/11 season he lost his place in the world rankings. He is now a snooker commentator. 


Jimmy Bain

James Stewart Bain (19 December 1947 – 23 January 2016) was a Scottish musician. He was best known as a bassist for the rock bands Rainbow and Dio with Ronnie James Dio. He also works with the Scorpions, John Cale, Gary Moore and wrote for Thin Lizzy frontman Phil Lynott. He was born in Newtonmore.

Bain died on 23 January 2016 while on the Def Leppard's "Hysteria on the High Seas" cruise from pneumonia caused by lung cancer at the age of 68.

Funen

Funen () is an island in Denmark. It covers an area of . It is the third-largest island in the country. The main city is Odense which is connected to the sea by a canal which is rarely used. 

There are bridges that carry roads and railways to and from Funen. The Great Belt Bridge links Funen to the island of Zealand in the east, while the Old Little Belt Bridge and New Little Belt Bridge link Funen to Jutland in the west. 

Kiel Canal

The Kiel Canal is a waterway in the German state of Schleswig-Holstein. The canal connects the North Sea from the River Elbe to the Baltic Sea at Kiel. The Canal is about long. The canal was first opened to traffic on 19 June 1895. It was then improved to allow the largest warships to pass through. The formal reopening of the improved canal was on June 24, 1914. The Kiel Canal is the busiest artificial waterway for seagoing ships worldwide. In 2014, 32,600 ships passed through the waterway.


École Centrale de Lyon

École Centrale de Lyon is a graduate school in engineering in France. It is in a campus of the Écully (East of France).

Its different curricula lead to the following French & European degrees :

Education and research are performed mainly in French and English languages. Students from a dozen of nationalities participate to the different classes at École Centrale de Lyon.

Most of the 1500 engineering graduate students at École Centrale de Lyon live in residential buildings near the research labs on campus. These are also shared with 6,000 students from EMLYON Business School. The school is member of the French aerospace network France AEROTECH.



Elections in Azerbaijan

Elections are held in Azerbaijan to elect the head of state (the president) and a legislature (the parliament).

The President of Azerbaijan is elected for a five-year term by the people; before a referendum by the people changed this in 2009, the position was limited to two terms.

The parliament of Azerbaijan, the National Assembly ("Milli Məclis"), has 125 members. Before 2005, 100 members were elected for a five-year term in single-seat constituencies and 25 members were elected by proportional representation. Since 2005 all 125 members are elected in single-seat constituencies. 

Azerbaijan is a one party dominant state. Opposition political parties beside the New Azerbaijan Party are allowed but are widely considered to have no real chance of gaining power.

On Sunday, 1 November 2015, the most recent parliamentary elections were held. On Wednesday, 9 October 2013, the most recent presidential election was held.

!Party
!Votes
!Seats






















Baltimore (disambiguation)

Baltimore is a city in the state of Maryland in the United States.

Baltimore may also refer to:








Hei Hei

Hei Hei is a suburb of Christchurch, New Zealand. It is located in the west of Christchurch from the centre of the city. State Highway 1 runs through it. The area was subdivided for poultry farming after World War I for the men returning from war, but the plan failed due to the poor soil conditions. The place name is a Māori word. It means noise, disturbance, storm, dust.

Dedham, Massachusetts

Dedham is a town in the U.S. state of Massachusetts. It is one of the oldest towns in the United States. It was started in the 1600s.

Josip Friščić

Josip Friščić (15 August 1949 – 23 January 2016) was a Croatian politician. He was a leader of the Croatian Peasant Party (HSS) from 17 December 2005 until 28 January 2012. He was also Vice President of Croatian Parliament from 2008 to 2011. He was born in Subotica Podravska near Rasinja, SFR Yugoslavia.

Friščić died from cancer on 23 January 2016 in Koprivnica, aged 66.

January 2016 United States blizzard

The January 2016 United States blizzard was a severe winter weather event. The weather caused multiple states in the Mid-Atlantic to declare a state of emergency. The blizzard happened between January 20 and 25, 2016. 

On January 20–22 the governors of eleven states, plus the mayor of Washington, D.C., declared a state of emergency in expectation of significant snowfall and blizzard conditions. Approximately 85 million people were estimated to be in the storm's path. More than 33 million were under blizzard warnings. Over 10,000 flights were canceled because of the storm.

New York City was put under a travel ban on January 23. A snow emergency was declared for Washington, D.C. just before that.

Two to three feet of snow fell from Virginia to New England. Snow also fell in Arkansas, North Carolina and Tennessee.

The storm also caused tornadoes and hail from Louisiana to Florida

Thirty people died because of the blizzard.

The storm was also called Winter Storm Jonas by the Weather Channel.

Changchun

Changchun () is the capital and largest city of the Jilin province of China. The name of the city means "Eternal Spring". In the year 1800, the Jiaqing Emperor set up a trading post in a small village to trade furs and other goods. This village later became Changchun Ting.

In 1898, Changchun got its first train station, which was built by the Russian Empire.

After Japan invaded Manchuria in September 1931, the Japanese established the capital of the newly formed puppet state, Manchukuo, in Changchun. The Japanese renamed the city Shinkyō (kanji: 新京, meaning: New Capital), and it is here where the Japanese established the former Emperor Pu-yi as the Emperor of Manchukuo. During the Japanese occupation, the Japanese built much of the infrastructure that still stands today, including the Manchukuo Imperial Palace, the First Clinical Hospital of Jilin University, the Palace of Geology, and several others.

On August 20, 1945, the Soviet Union's Soviet Red Army entered the city, captured Emperor Pu-yi, and drove the Japanese out. They stayed there until the Kuomintang drove them out in 1946. The KMT held the city until 1948, when it got overwhelmed by the communist PLA in 1948. During the Siege of Changchun, up to 80% of civilians starved to death.

The Chinese took down few of the Japanese buildings because they were already so well-built that the Chinese thought it would be a waste to tear them down. Nonetheless, the tumblers that Starbucks sells in Changchun feature the Changchun Railway Station out of all the other monuments in the city, due to the fact that it itself is not a Japanese-made building.

Changchun is also the heart of China's car-making business.

Asghar Farhadi

Asghar Farhadi (, born 7 May 1972 Homāyūnshahr, Isfahan) is an Iranian movie director and screenwriter. For his work as a director, he has received a Golden Globe Award and an Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film among other awards. He was named one of the 100 Most Influential People in the world by "Time" magazine in 2012.

Call and response (music)

In music, a call and response is a series of two parts usually played or sung by different musicians. The second part is heard as a comment about or an answer to what the first has sung. This mimics or makes fun of how people talk back and forth to each other. Call and response uses the simple musical form of a verse and then a chorus used in many cultures or traditions. These songs are usually energetic and fun to listen to.

Call and response singing is common in modern Western popular music. This is because of the influence of African music. Some cross-over rhythm and blues, jazz, soul, rock 'n' roll and rock music have a call and response style, as well.

One of the best known is the song "Ooh Poo Pah Doo", written and first recorded by Jessie Hill. The song is said to be "a nonsensical yet rollicking call-and-response workout that perfectly captures the energy of French Quarter life", by a reviewer for Allmusic. The song is so popular, it has over 100 cover versions recorded and performed live over the years by other popular musicians.

Other popular examples are The Who's song "My Generation, from the album of the same name", and "Black Dog" by Led Zeppelin.

Call and response is common in folk and choral singing of many people, especially in African musical cultures. In the West, it is most often seen in African-American work songs, military marches, and Québecois folk songs. The style is also used in dance-songs of various European countries including France (particularly Brittany) and the Faroe Islands.

In Cuban music and other latin music genres such as salsa, call and response between the lead singer and the chorus is called "coro-pregón."

A singer makes a musical statement, and then the musical chorus answers together. American bluesman Muddy Waters uses call and response in one of his best known songs, "Mannish Boy". The entire song is almost entirely leader/chorus call and response.




Lal Shahbaz Qalandar

Syed Muhammad Usman Marwandi (1149–1299), better-known as Lal Shahbaz Qalandar , was a Sufi poet from Afghanistan. He belonged to the Suhrawardi order of Sufis. He shifted from Afghanistan and went and settled in Sindh area of India (now in Pakistan). His shrine in "Sehwan Sharif", Sindh,Pakistan, is still visited by many people. 

Ninh Bình province

Ninh Bình () is a province of Vietnam, in the Red River Delta region of the northern part of the country. Ninh Bình has a very short coastline on the Gulf of Tonkin. The population is 898,500 people. Ninh Bình province covers a total area of . The province is known for its limestone caves and grottos (manmade caves). Ninh Binh was the first imperial capital of Vietnam from 968 to 1010 under the Đinh, Lê and Lý dynasties.

<br>

Ventricular tachycardia

Ventricular tachycardia (V-tach or VT) is a type of tachycardia (a fast heart rate). The heart has four chambers (closed spaces). The top two are called the atria, and the bottom two are called the ventricles. When the heart is working normally, electrical signals in the heart tell the atria to squeeze first. However, in ventricular tachycardia, the ventricles squeeze first. This happens because the electrical signals that tell the atria to squeeze first are not working.

Ventricular tachycardia is a medical emergency. First of all, if the heart is beating too fast, it does not have time to refill with blood between beats. This means that the heart will not be able to squeeze out enough blood to the rest of the body. Most people in ventricular tachycardia have a heart rate of at least 170 beats per minute. This is very fast. (A normal heart rate is 60-100.)

Ventricular tachycardia can also cause low blood pressure. If the blood pressure gets low enough, important parts of the body, like the brain, will not get enough blood and oxygen to survive.

Ventricular tachycardia can also lead to ventricular fibrillation, asystole (where the heart stops beating), and sudden death.

The most common symptoms of ventricular tachycardia are feeling dizzy, having palpitations (feeling the heart pounding inside the chest), having trouble breathing, or chest pain. Some people with ventricular tachycardia do not have any symptoms, especially if the V-tach lasts for only a few seconds. 

When a person's heart rate is very high, or the ventricular tachycardia lasts for more than a few seconds, the person may faint or become unconscious because their brain is not getting enough blood and oxygen. In the worst cases, their heart may stop, or they may die.

A doctor can diagnose ventricular tachycardia by doing an electrocardiogram (also called an ECG or an EKG). This is a test that shows the electrical activity in the heart. The doctor will be able to see that the electrical signals that tell the atria to squeeze first are not working.

Ventricular tachycardia can be treated in a few different ways. Treatment depends on whether the patient still has a pulse. If the patient is in "pulseless ventricular tachycardia", their heart is beating so fast that it cannot squeeze out any blood.

If a person still has a pulse, ventricular tachycardia can usually be stopped through cardioversion. Cardioversion means using medication or an electric shock to make the heart start beating normally again.

If a person has pulseless ventricular tachycardia, they need to be shocked with a defibrillator.

Two different types of defibrillators can be used. An "external defibrillator" is a machine that delivers a shock through two sticky pads that are placed on the person's chest. 

However, some people who have already been diagnosed with V-tach have surgery to put a defibrillator inside their chest. This is called an implantable cardioverter-defibrillator (ICD). This type of defibrillator shocks the heart automatically when it goes into V-tach.

If a person goes into pulseless ventricular tachycardia, first aid can be helpful. 9-1-1 or the local emergency telephone number should be called immediately. Then - like in any situation where a person suddenly becomes unconscious and has no pulse - cardiopulmonary resuscitation (CPR) should be started right away. An emergency medical dispatcher can help explain how to do CPR until an ambulance gets there.

Ventricular tachycardia can be caused by many different things. The most common cause is ischemic heart disease (heart disease that causes the heart to not get enough oxygen).

Ventricular tachycardia can also be caused by other problems, like:

Sometimes doctors cannot find a cause for ventricular tachycardia. This is called idiopathic ventricular tachycardia.

Ventricular tachycardia causes most of the sudden cardiac deaths in the United States. It causes about 300,000 deaths every year.

The chance of sudden death is highest for people who:

The chance of sudden death is lowest for people with idiopathic ventricular tachycardia.

Even for high-risk people, treatment with medications like beta blockers can help. So can implantable cardio-defibrillators.


January 2016 East Asia cold wave

The January 2016 East Asia cold wave was a cold weather system that covered East Asia. Eighty-five people from Taiwan died due to the cold temperatures. There were six deaths in Japan from the winter storms. Four people in China died from gas poisoning.

Mass Effect 2

Mass Effect 2 is a video game for Microsoft Windows, Xbox 360, and PlayStation 3. It is made by Electronic Arts. It is the sequel to "Mass Effect" and comes before "Mass Effect 3". It is an action role-playing game. It is a third-person shooter game.

Save data from the first game can be used to influence choices made in this game.

The game was critically acclaimed.

Dragon and Phoenix

Dragon and Phoenix is the second book in the "Dragonlords" series written by Joanne Bertin. It is a story of how Linden Rathan and his soultwin, Maurynna Kyrissaean, lead a party to rescue a dragon from the Jehanglan empire.

Bard's Oath

The Bard's Oath is the third book in the Dragonlords series written by Joanne Bertin. It starts as two stories that merge in the middle of the book. One story is about Raven Redhawkson and why he is at the Balyaranna Fair (a horse festival). The other story is about Bard Leet and his plot for revenge over the death of a family member.

Aristide von Bienefeldt

Aristide von Bienefeldt (24 October 1959 – 16 January 2016) was a Dutch writer. He wrote about gay rights and marriage equality. His first novel - "Bekentenissen van een Stamhouder" ("Confessions of a Son and Heir") got positive reviews by the Dutch and the Flemish press because of its homosexual passages.

Von Bienefeldt died in The Hague, Netherlands at the age of 56.


William Y. Smith

William Young Smith (August 13, 1925 – January 19, 2016) was an American military official. He was a United States Air Force four-star general. He was Chief of Staff, Supreme Headquarters Allied Powers Europe (COFS SHAPE) from 1979 to 1981 and as Deputy Commander in Chief, U.S. European Command (DCINCEUR) from 1981 until his retirement from military service in 1983.

Smith died in Falls Church, Virginia from congestive heart failure at the age of 90.


Cecil Parkinson

Cecil Edward Parkinson, Baron Parkinson, PC (1 September 1931 – 22 January 2016) was a British Conservative politician and cabinet minister. 

Parkinson was born in Carnforth, Lancashire on 1 September 1931. He studied at Emmanuel College, Cambridge. Parkinson married Anne Jarvis in 1957. It would last until his death in 2016. 

He entered Parliament in 1970 and was appointed a minister in 1979. In 1983, he became Secretary of State for Trade and Industry, but was forced to resign after revelations that his former secretary, Sara Keays, was pregnant with his child, which she later bore and named Flora Keays.

Parkinson later served as Secretary of State for Energy, and later Transport. He resigned that office in 1990, on the same day that Margaret Thatcher resigned. He was created Baron Parkinson in 1992 and served in the House of Lords until his retirement in September 2015.

Parkinson died of cancer on 22 January 2016 at the age of 84. He was survived by his wife and four children. 


Black (singer)

Colin Vearncombe (26 May 1962 − 26 January 2016), known by his stage name Black, was an English singer-songwriter. He started his career in the punk rock music scene and went on to become a pop success in the late 1980s. He was known for the international hit single "Wonderful Life" in 1987. He was born in Liverpool.

On 12 January 2016, he was in a serious car accident in Ireland and placed in a medically-induced coma after sustaining serious head injuries. Vearncombe died from his injuries at the intensive care unit of Cork University Hospital in Cork on 26 January 2016 at the age of 53. Vearncombe was survived by his wife and three children.


Kalpana (actress)

Kalpana Ranjani (13 October 1966 – 25 January 2016), known mononymously as Kalpana, was an Indian actress. Kalpana has acted in over 300 movies in many South Indian languages. She was born in Kerala, India.

She started off her career as a child artist in the late 1970s. She was known for being in many comedy movies. At the 60th National Film Awards, she won the award for Best Supporting Actress for her performance in "Thanichalla Njan" (2012).

Kalpana died of a heart attack in Hyderabad, India on 25 January 2016 at the age of 49.


Henry Worsley

Lieutenant Colonel Alastair Edward Henry Worsley MBE (4 October 1960 – 24 January 2016) was a British explorer and British Army officer. He was part of the successful 2009 expedition that followed Ernest Shackleton and Robert Falcon Scott's footsteps in the Antarctic. He was born in London.

Worsley was a soldier in the British Army for 36 years. On 12 October 1993, Worsley was appointed a Member of the Order of the British Empire (MBE) "in recognition of distinguished service in Northern Ireland".

Worsley died while on a trip in Punta Arenas, Chile from multiple organ failure caused by surgery on 24 January 2016 at the age of 55.

Mexican Cession

The Mexican Cession of 1848 refers to the lands ceded or surrendered to the United States by Mexico at the end of the Mexican–American War. The territory became the states of California, Nevada, Utah and Arizona. It was agreed to in the Treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo, which formally ended the war (1847–1848) between Mexico and the United States. The treaty was signed on 2 February 1848. The Cession added of territory to the southwestern United States. It also contributed to the United States emerging as a world power in the late the 19th century.

Forouzan

Forouzan (; 9 August 1937 – 24 January 2016) was an Iranian actress, producer, and dubbing artist. She started her career by voice dubbing. In 1964 she starred in Siamak Yasemi's ""Sahel-e Entezar"" but this was "Ganj-e Qarun", another movie by Yasemi that made her very famous. Her career came to an end because of the Iranian revolution of 1979.

Forouzan died in Tehran, Iran on 24 January 2016 at the age of 78.

Forouzan was popular also among the young Persians who were born after 1979 revolution.


Sahabzada Yaqub Khan

Sahabzada Yaqub Khan (23 December 1920 – 26 January 2016) was a high-profile Pakistani figure and high-ranking general. He was the most senior figure in military and government assignments in the Pakistan Government. He was born in Rampur, India.

He was an important figure in Pakistan that related to international affairs for thirty years. He served as the foreign minister under President General Zia-ul-Haq from 1982 to 1991 and as the caretaker foreign minister from 1996 to 1997. He also served as the Pakistan Ambassador of the United States serving from 1973 though 1979.

Khan died in Islamabad on 26 January 2016 at the age of 95.


Chikungunya

Chikungunya (pronounced "chicken-GUN-yer") is an infection caused by the chikungunya virus. It can cause joint pains that can last for weeks, months, or sometimes even years. About 1 in every 1000 people who gets chikungunya dies. People who are elderly or have other medical problems are most likely to die or get very sick from chikungunya.

Chikungunya is spread to humans by two species of mosquito: "Aedes albopictus" and "Aedes aegypti". These mosquitoes carry the infection to humans after biting monkeys, birds, cattle, or rodents who have chikungunya. Since 2004, there have been outbreaks (where many people get chikungunya) in Asia, Europe, and The Americas.

There is no known treatment or cure for chikungunya.

It can take one to twelve days for a person to get sick after they get the chikungunya virus. (This period of time is called the virus's incubation period.) Usually, people get sick in three to seven days. Most people who get the virus (72% to 97%) get symptoms. 

Chikungunya has an "acute phase", which lasts a short time, and a "chronic phase", which can last weeks, months, or years. 

The acute phase usually begins with a sudden high fever that can last up to ten days. The fever is usually above 39 °C (102 °F), and can sometimes get as high as 40 °C (104 °F). About half of people with chikungunya get a rash, usually about two to five days after symptoms start. Some people also have gastrointestinal symptoms, like abdominal pain, nausea, vomiting, or diarrhea. In rare cases, people may get conjunctivitis or other problems with their eyes.

The body starts to fight the virus after about a week by sending out immunoglobulin M (IgM), which attacks the virus. After this, most of the symptoms usually start to get better. However, people often keep having some symptoms for about another week, like headache, insomnia (trouble sleeping), and exhaustion. After these symptoms end, the acute phase of chikungunya is usually over.

In chikungunya's chronic phase, almost everyone with the virus (87% - 98%) gets very bad joint pain or stiffness. This usually lasts for weeks or months. However, it can last for years. The joint pain can be so bad that a person cannot move the joints that hurt. The pain almost always happens in more than one joint. Usually, people have pain in the joints in their arms and legs, on both sides. These may include the joints in the wrists, ankles, hands, feet, shoulders, elbows, and knees. The virus can also cause pain in the muscles or ligaments.

Sometimes, it can be difficult to tell the difference between chikungunya and dengue fever. Both infections cause some of the same symptoms, like fever and very bad pain. However, chikungunya usually does not cause bleeding. If a person diagnosed with chikungunya has bleeding problems, they may:

The best way for people to protect themselves from chikungunya is to protect themselves from mosquitoes in places where the disease is common. For example, people may use bug spray and mosquito nets, and wear long sleeves and long pants when they are outside. In places where chikungunya is common, governments can also do things to control the number of mosquitoes. For example, they can spray pesticides.

There is no vaccine for chikungunya. Scientists are doing experiments to try to make a vaccine. However, scientists say that even if they created a vaccine, people would still have to control mosquitoes to prevent chikungunya.

There is no known treatment for chikungunya. No known anti-viral medicines (medicines which kill viruses) kill the chikungunya virus.

Medical professionals can only give "supportive care." This means they can only treat chikungunya's symptoms. For example, they may treat fever and joint pain with nonsteroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs) like naproxen; painkillers like paracetamol (acetaminophen); and fluids. Aspirin is not given because it can make bleeding more likely to happen.

Scientists have not found any medication that helps everyone with chikungunya who has bad joint pain. There is some evidence that certain medicines may help people who have bad joint pain for more than two weeks. These medicines include:

These medicines do not help the symptoms of chikungunya during the acute phase.

About 1 in 1000 people who get chikungunya die from the disease. People older than 65, newborn babies, and people with other medical problems are most likely to have the most dangerous problems. Chikungunya is especially dangerous for newborns because they can get the virus from their mothers during childbirth, and because newborns' immune systems have to grow before they work as well as adults'. This makes it much more difficult for newborns to fight off the virus.

Elderly people, and people who already have arthritis, are more likely to have chronic joint pain.

In the past, chikungunya existed mostly in developing countries. However, more recently, there have been epidemics (where a very large number of people get the virus) in the Indian Ocean, the Pacific Islands, and the Americas.

When chikungunya was first discovered in 1952, it was uncommon and happened only in West Africa. People usually got the disease during rainy seasons, because mosquitoes are more common during these times. Beginning in the 1960s, there were sometimes outbreaks in Asia and Africa. However, until 2005, chikungunya had been uncommon throughout the world.

Since 2005, chikungunya has become much more common. It has caused large outbreaks in Africa, Asia, and the Americas. For example, in India, chikungunya re-appeared after 32 years where no Indian person had gotten the virus. Outbreaks have also happened in Europe, the Caribbean, and South America, where chikungunya had never spread before. A few people have also gotten chikungunya in the United States and Australia, where the virus had never lived before. 

In 2005, there was a very large outbreak on Réunion, an island in the Indian Ocean. Out of about 770,000 people who lived on the island, about 266,000 (over 1 in every 3 people) got chikungunya. In 2006, about 1.25 million people in India got the virus. 

Chikungunya was recently spread to the Americas. From 2013-2014 in the Americas, 1,118,763 people have been thought to have the virus. Of these cases, 24,682 were proven to be chikungunya.

Some scientists think that chikungunya has become much more common because of a change in the virus's genetic code. This change may have made it easier for the virus to make copies of itself in mosquito cells. It may have also allowed the virus to be spread more easily by the Asian tiger mosquito ("Aedes albopictus"). This is important because the Asian tiger mosquito lives in many more places than "Aedes aegypti", the other species of mosquito that spreads chikungunya to humans. "Aedes aegypti" lives only in tropical places. However, the Asian tiger mosquito spreads easily, and lives in Europe, the Americas, the Caribbean, Africa, and the Middle East.

Chikungunya was first described by Marion Robinson and W.H.R. Lumsden in 1955, after an outbreak in 1952 along the border between Mozambique and Tanganyika (now part of Tanzania). A group called the Makonde lived in this area. The word "chikungunya" probably comes from the Makonde language. It means "that which bends up" or "to walk bent over." This describes how people with very bad joint pain from the virus would bend into unusual positions. 

The first recorded outbreak of chikungunya may have been in 1779. Scientific evidence agrees that the virus evolved around the year 1700.

Chikungunya was once researched as a possible biological weapon.

Concepcion Picciotto

Concepción Picciotto (née Martín January 15, 1936 – January 25, 2016) also known as Conchita or Connie, was a Spanish-born American peace activist. She lived in Washington, D.C. on the 1600 block of Pennsylvania Avenue, in a peace camp across from the White House. 

She lived in a tent outside from the White House since from August 1, 1981 because of the protest of nuclear arms under the Ronald Reagan presidency until her death in 2016. She carried on the longest act of political protest in the United States, with her camp having been nicknamed by her supporters as 1601 Pennsylvania Avenue. She was born in Vigo, Spain.

Picciotto died in Washington, D.C. from complications of a fall on January 25, 2016 at the age of 80.


Richard Levins

Richard "Dick" Levins (June 1, 1930 – January 19, 2016) was an American ecologist, a population geneticist, biomathematician, mathematical ecologist, and philosopher of science. He had researched diversity in human populations. Levins was a university professor at the Harvard T.H. Chan School of Public Health and a long-time political activist. He was best known for his work on evolution and complexity in changing environments and on metapopulations.

Levins died in Cambridge, Massachusetts on January 19, 2016 from heart failure at the age of 85.


Kaeng Krachan National Park

Kaeng Krachan () is the largest national park of Thailand. It is on the border with Myanmar, and joins with Myanmar's Tanintharyi Nature Reserve. It is popular with tourists, and is near the beach resort of Hua Hin.

The park covers parts of Phetchaburi Province and Prachuap Khiri Khan Province. It contains rainforest on the eastern side of the Tenasserim Mountain Range. The highest elevation is 1,20 m. Two main rivers begin within the park: the Pranburi River and the Phetchaburi River. The Phetchaburi is blocked by the Kaeng Krachan Dam at the eastern border of the park. The dam creates a lake covering an area of 46.5 km. The dam was built in 1966. There are private plantations within the park.

The park was created on 12 June 1981. It was the 28th national park of Thailand. It originally covered an area of 2,478 km. It was enlarged in December 1984. In 2005 it was shown to UNESCO for consideration as a World Heritage Site.

The forests contain a great variety of plants and animals. The killing of wild elephants is a big problem at the park. It is difficult to stop poachers.


Ignition

Ignition may refer to:



Karch Kiraly

Charles Frederick "Karch" Kiraly () (born November 3, 1960) is an American volleyball player, coach and broadcast announcer. 

He was born in Jackson, Michigan. He grew up in Santa Barbara, California. 

He is one of three people who have won Olympic gold medals in both volleyball categories: beach and indoor. The Fédération Internationale de Volleyball, (FIVB), volleyball's highest governing body, honored Kiraly as the greatest volleyball player of the 20th Century. He played college volleyball for the UCLA Bruins and won three national championships under head coach Al Scates.


Lloy Ball

Lloy James Ball (born February 17, 1972, in Fort Wayne, Indiana) is an American volleyball player, a member of American national team in 1993–2008, a participant of the Olympic Games Atlanta 1996, Sydney 2000, Athens 2004 and gold medalist of Beijing 2008, gold medalist of the NORCECA Championship 2007 and World League 2008, silver medalist of the Pan American 1995, bronze medalist of the World Championship 1994. When not on the court actively playing the game, Ball operates Team Pineapple, a volleyball clinic that also features his father, Arnie Ball.


Luigi Mastrangelo

Luigi Mastrangelo (born August 17, 1975 in Mottola, Italy) is an Italian men's volleyball player, a member of Italy national volleyball team, silver and bronze medalist of the Olympic Games, multiple winner of the European Championship and World League. He competed in the 2000, 2004, 2008 and 2012 Summer Olympics. He won a bronze medal in the 2000 and 2012 Games. He won a silver medal in the 2004 Games. 


Ivan Zaytsev

Ivan Zaytsev (born in Spoleto, Italy, 2 October 1988) is an Italian volleyball player. His parents originally come from Russia. He is a member of Italy's national volleyball team and the Italian club Sir Safety Umbria Volley. 

Zaytsev won a bronze medal at the Olympic Games in London in 2012. He won a silver medal at the European Championship (2011, 2013), and bronze medal at the World League (2013, 2014). He won the Italian Championship in 2014.


Matt Anderson

Matthew John Anderson (born April 18, 1987) is an American volleyball player. He is a member of the United States men's national volleyball team and the Russian club Zenit Kazan. He played volleyball at the Olympic Games in London in 2012. He was a NORCECA Champion 2013. He won gold medals at the 2008 Pan American Cup, 2014 World League and 2015 World Cup.


Ophiolite

An ophiolite is a section of the Earth's oceanic crust. The underlying upper mantle has been uplifted and exposed above sea level. The rocks which make up ophiolites are an altered form of basalt. The rocks are often green.

They are found in the mountain belts such as the Alps or the Himalayas. They show where former ocean basins were consumed by subduction. This was one of the discoveries of plate tectonics. Ophiolites have always played a central role in plate tectonic theory and the interpretation of ancient mountain belts.

The stratigraphic sequence seen in ophiolites is caused by lithosphere-forming processes at mid-oceanic ridges:



Maxim Mikhaylov

Maxim Mikhaylov (born 19 March 1988) is a Russian volleyball player. He is a member of Russia men's national volleyball team. He also plays for the Russian club Zenit-Kazan. Mikhaylov was a gold medalist in the 2012 Summer Olympics. He was a bronze medalist of the 2008 Summer Olympics. Mikhaylov won a gold medal in the 2011 FIVB Volleyball Men's World Cup. He has won several medals in the Volleyball World League.


Yekaterina Gamova

Yekaterina Aleksandrovna Gamova (; born 17 October 1980) is a Russian volleyball player. She was a member of the Russian team that won the gold medals at the FIVB Volleyball World Championships in 2006 and 2010. She was also a member of the Russian team that won silver medals in both the Athens 2004 and Sydney 2000 Olympic Games. Yekaterina Gamova is tall with an EU shoe size of 49. This makes her one of the tallest female athletes in the world. Her role is outside hitter/opposite.


Flight of the Navigator

Flight of the Navigator is a science fiction movie from 1986. It was directed by Randal Kleiser and written by Mark H. Baker and Michael Burton. It is about David Freeman, a 12-year-old boy who is taken by an alien spaceship and finds himself caught in a world that has changed around him.

The producers of the movie at first sent it to Walt Disney Pictures in 1984. However, the studio was not able to approve it. It was sent to Producers Sales Organization. That studio made a deal with Disney to distribute the movie in the United States. The movie was partially filmed in Fort Lauderdale, Florida and Norway. It was a co-production with the Norwegian company "Viking Film".


The Trimaxion Drone Ship was rendered in CGI by Omnibus Computer Animation, under the supervision of Jeff Kleiser, the brother of director Randal Kleiser.

The music score for the movie was composed by Alan Silvestri. It is different from his other scores because it was completely electronically generated, using the Synclavier, one of the first digital multi-track recorders and samplers.



Dinah Manoff

Dinah Manoff (born January 25, 1956) is an American stage, movie and television actress. She acted in many television movies and guest starred on television programs. She played Libby Tucker in both the stage and movie versions of "I Ought to be in Pictures". She won a Tony Award in 1980 for acting in the play. She also acted in the theatrical movies "Bart Got a Room" and "The Amati Girls".

In 1978, at age 19 she played Marty Maraschino in her first movie, "Grease".

In 1980, Manoff played Karen, the suicidal friend of Timothy Hutton's character in the multiple Oscar-winning "Ordinary People". In 1988, she played Maggie Peterson in "Child's Play". She then began playing Carol Weston on the television series "Empty Nest". She played that role for seven years.

Manoff was born in New York City.

Zika fever

Zika fever is an illness caused by the Zika virus. The Zika virus belongs to the genus "Flavivirus", like dengue fever and chikungunya. However, Zika fever is usually not as bad as those illnesses. Most people who get the Zika virus (60-80%) have no symptoms.

People who do have symptoms usually have a low fever, conjunctivitis, joint pain (mainly in the hands and feet), and a rash. The rash often starts on the face and then spreads to the rest of the body. Usually, the symptoms are not very bad, and get better after 2 to 7 days.

Starting in 2015, there has been an outbreak of Zika virus (meaning that many people have gotten the virus) in Brazil. Scientists think that when a woman with the Zika virus is pregnant, she can give the virus to her fetus. Scientists think this can cause microcephaly, a birth defect that causes a baby to have a smaller head than usual. This can cause intellectual disability and other problems in the brain, like seizures. Because of this, in January 2016, the United States Centers for Disease Control and Prevention warned pregnant women not to travel to Brazil, Colombia, El Salvador, French Guiana, Guatemala, Haiti, Honduras, Martinique, Mexico, Panama, Paraguay, Suriname, Venezuela, or Puerto Rico, because of the risk of getting the Zika virus there.

In places where the Zika virus lives, people are more likely to have birth defects, neurological problems like Guillain-Barré syndrome, and autoimmune diseases.

Diagnosing Zika fever is difficult for a few reasons. First, Zika fever causes many of the same signs and symptoms as many other viruses. 

Second, special laboratory tests have to be done to prove that a person has Zika virus. For example, when the virus is in a person's blood or urine, it can be found by using a special test that looks for the virus's RNA in the blood. However, the Zika virus often does not stay in the blood for very long. Also, because most people with the Zika virus have no symptoms, they do not know that they need to be tested. Blood tests that look for specific antibodies (which the body sends out to fight the Zika virus) can also be done. However, these tests are expensive and have to be done in special laboratories that do not exist everywhere. 

If tests cannot prove that a person has Zika virus, it can be difficult to figure out whether a person has Zika fever or a different infection. The United States Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) says that before doctors diagnose a person with Zika fever, they should think about whether the person could have one of many other infections. Examples of these infections include:

Humans get the Zika virus after being bitten by mosquitoes from the "Aedes" genus. Scientists have proven that at least eight different species of mosquitoes from the "Aedes" genus can spread the Zika virus to humans. Mosquitoes pick up the Zika virus after they bite other animals that have the virus.

Zika virus can be passed from one person to another during sexual intercourse. It can also be passed from a mother to her fetus during pregnancy.

There is no vaccine for Zika virus, though the United States National Institutes of Health is trying to make one. 

The best way for a person to protect themselves against the Zika virus is to protect themselves against mosquitoes. For example, if people are traveling to places where the Zika virus lives, they should:

Today, there is no treatment or cure for Zika fever. Medical professionals can only give "supportive care," which means they can only treat the virus's symptoms. For example, they can give medicines to help with pain, fever, and itching. However, some scientists say that doctors should not give medicines like aspirin and other non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drugs (NSAIDs), which are commonly used for pain and fever. This is because people with similar viruses who take these medicines have been more likely to have bleeding problems.

There are no known anti-viral medications (medicines which kill viruses) which will kill the Zika virus.

Because there are no treatments that will cure the Zika virus once a person has it, scientists suggest that pregnant women do everything they can to avoid getting the virus. Once a pregnant woman has the Zika virus, there is nothing anyone can do to keep her fetus from getting infected too.

Zika fever was first discovered in 1947, in a rhesus monkey in the Zika Forest in Uganda. The first human cases were reported in Nigeria in 1954. A few outbreaks have been reported in tropical Africa and in some parts of Southeast Asia, but not India. In 1977–1978, Zika virus caused fevers in Indonesia.
The first major outbreak happened in 2007 in Micronesia's Yap Islands. 185 people were proven to have the Zika virus. This was the first time Zika fever had been reported outside Africa and Asia. In 2013, another large outbreak happened in French Polynesia.

In May 2015, Brazil officially reported its first 16 cases of Zika fever. By November 2015, Zika fever had appeared in 14 states in Brazil. Zika virus is thought to have caused 2,400 cases of microcephaly and 29 infant deaths in Brazil in 2015.

Since first appearing in the Western Hemisphere in February 2014, Zika fever has spread quickly throughout South America and Central America. It appeared in Mexico in November 2015.

On January 24, 2016, the World Health Organization warned that the Zika virus is likely to spread to nearly all countries of the Americas. This is likely since the mosquito that spreads the virus, "Aedes aegypti", lives in all of the countries in the Americas, except for Canada and Chile.

On February 1, 2016, the World Health Organization said that the Zika virus was a "public health emergency." They also said the Zika virus was "spreading explosively" (very quickly), and that in the next year, as many as 3 million to 4 million people could get the virus.


Zika virus

Zika virus (ZIKV) belongs to the virus family "Flaviviridae" and the genus "Flavivirus." It is spread by mosquitoes from the genus "Aedes", which are active during the daytime. 

Zika virus is named after Uganda's Zika Forest, where the virus was discovered in 1947.

Zika virus can cause an infectious disease called Zika fever. Zika fever often causes no symptoms, or only mild symptoms. Scientists know that people in Africa and Asia have been getting Zika fever since the 1950s. In 2014, the virus spread eastward across the Pacific Ocean - first to French Polynesia, then to Easter Island. Finally, in 2015, it spread to Mexico, Central America, the Caribbean, and South America. In these places, Zika virus has become a pandemic.

Zika virus is related to West Nile virus and the viruses that cause dengue fever, yellow fever, and Japanese encephalitis. Zika virus causes an illness that is like a mild form of dengue fever. It is treated by rest. As of 2016, there is no medication or vaccine that can prevent the Zika virus. 

Pregnant women who get the Zika virus can spread the virus to their fetuses. When they are born, these newborns may be more likely to have microcephaly. In places where the Zika virus lives, people are more likely to have birth defects, neurological problems like Guillain-Barré syndrome, and autoimmune diseases.

In January 2016, the United States Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) published advice for how to avoid getting Zika fever. They suggested that when traveling to places where Zika virus lives:

Other governments or health agencies soon issued similar travel warnings. Colombia, the Dominican Republic, Ecuador, El Salvador, and Jamaica advised women not to get pregnant until scientists know more about the risks of Zika virus to pregnant women. 

On February 2, 2016, public health officials in Dallas County, Texas, reported the first case of somebody getting Zika virus in the United States.


Rove beetle

The rove beetles are a family of beetles. The scientific name is Staphylinidae. It is the largest family of beetles. It has over 63,000 species. Some of these species are very old; fossils of rove beetles have been dated to the Triassic, 200 million years ago.

They are mainly recognised by their short elytra (wing covers) that usually cover only half of their abdomens.


Devil's coach horse beetle

The Devil's coach-horse beetle, is a very common beetle in Europe. It is also sometimes called the Cocktail beetle. It belongs to the family of the rove beetles.


Denny's

Denny's is a pancake house and casual family restaurant. It has more than 1,600 restaurants in the United States, Puerto Rico, Guam, Canada, Central America, Mexico, New Zealand and Japan. It serves pancakes, eggs, sausage and more.

From the 1990s to the 2010s, Denny's was involved in serious controversy. They were accused of discrimination. In 1994, in San Jose, California, several black teenagers were told they had to pay before getting their food. In 2014, an LGBT group accused a Denny's location in Deming, New Mexico of discrimination. The group said that the wait staff said homophobic things and refused to serve them. The LGBT customers were attending a gay pride celebration.


Wayne County

Wayne County may refer to:


Fremont County

Fremont County may refer to:


Plano

Plano may refer to:


Fremont County, Wyoming

Fremont County is a county in the U.S. state of Wyoming. In the 2020 census, 39,234 people lived there. Its county seat is Lander. The county was formed in 1884. It is named for John C. Frémont, a general, explorer, and politician. It is about the size of the state of Vermont.

Fremont County includes the Riverton, Wyoming Micropolitan Statistical Area.




Riverton, Wyoming

Riverton is a city in Freemont County, Wyoming in the United States. It is the largest settlement in Freemont County.

Lander, Wyoming

Lander is a city in Wyoming in the United States. It is the county seat of Freemont County. According to the 2020 census, Lander has 7,546 people.

Riverton

Riverton is the name of several places:






Riverton may also refer to:

Lander

Lander may refer to:


Atlantic City (disambiguation)

Atlantic City is a city in New Jersey, United States.

Atlantic City may also refer to:





Atlantic City, Wyoming

Atlantic City is a census-designated place in the U.S. state of Wyoming. 

Lovell

Lovell may refer to:


Third Amendment to the United States Constitution

The Third Amendment (Amendment III) to the United States Constitution places restrictions on the quartering of soldiers in private homes without the owner's consent. It forbids the practice completely during peacetime. The amendment is a response to the Quartering Acts passed by the British parliament between the French and Indian War and the American Revolutionary War. They allowed the British Army to house soldiers in private homes in the American colonies.

The Third Amendment was introduced in Congress in 1789 by James Madison. It was a part of the United States Bill of Rights in response to Anti-Federalist objections to the new Constitution. Congress proposed the amendment to the states on September 28, 1789. By December 15, 1791, the necessary three-quarters of the states had ratified it. Secretary of State Thomas Jefferson announced the adoption of the amendment on March 1, 1792.

The amendment is one of the least controversial of the Constitution and is rarely litigated. The American Bar Association called it the "runt piglet" of the U.S. Constitution. There were times when the US government probably violated this amendment. These include the War of 1812, the American Civil War, and during World War II in the Aleutian Islands. But as of 2015 it has never been the primary basis of a Supreme Court decision.


Boston King

Boston King from ( 1760–1802) was a former Afro-American slave and British loyalist. He was born a slave in South Carolina and was apprenticed as a carpenter. He joined the British when they occupied Charleston, as they promised freedom to slaves. Later, he gained his freedom from the British and settled in Nova Scotia after the American Revolutionary War. He later emigrated to Sierra Leone, where he helped found Freetown. King became the first Methodist missionary in Africa. King published his autobiography in 1798. He died about 1802 in Sierra Leone. 

Fourth Amendment to the United States Constitution

The Fourth Amendment (Amendment IV) to the United States Constitution prohibits unreasonable searches and seizures and requires any search warrant to be judicially sanctioned and supported by probable cause. It is part of the Bill of Rights. The Fourth amendment was adopted in response to the abuse of the writ of assistance, a type of general search warrant issued by the British government. It was a major source of tension in pre-Revolutionary America. The Fourth Amendment was introduced in Congress in 1789 by James Madison, along with the other amendments in the Bill of Rights. They were proposed in response to Anti-Federalist objections to the new Constitution. 

Congress sent 12 amendments to the states in August of 1789. Of these, 10 were approved by the states. The last state, Virginia ratified the amendments (including the fourth amendment) on December 15, 1791. On March 1, 1792, Secretary of State Thomas Jefferson announced the adoption of the amendment.

The Bill of Rights did initially apply to the states. Also, federal criminal investigations were less common in the first century of the nation's history. For these reasons there is little case law for the Fourth Amendment before the 20th century. The amendment was held to apply to the states in "Mapp v. Ohio" (1961).

Under the Fourth Amendment, search and seizure (including arrest) should be limited in scope to specific information supplied to the issuing court. This is usually by a law enforcement officer who has sworn by it. Fourth Amendment case law deals with three central questions. What government activities constitute "search" and "seizure"? What constitutes probable cause for these actions? How should violations of Fourth Amendment rights be addressed? Early court decisions limited the amendment's scope to a law enforcement officer's physical intrusion onto private property. But with "Katz v. United States" (1967), the Supreme Court held that its protections, such as the warrant requirement, extend to the privacy of individuals as well as physical locations. Law enforcement officers need a warrant for most search and seizure activities. But the Court has defined a series of exceptions for consent searches, motor vehicle searches, evidence in plain view, exigent circumstances, border searches, and other situations.

The exclusionary rule is one way the amendment is enforced. Established in "Weeks v. United States" (1914), this rule holds that evidence obtained through a Fourth Amendment violation is generally inadmissible at criminal trials. Evidence discovered as a later result of an illegal search may also be inadmissible as "fruit of the poisonous tree," unless it inevitably would have been discovered by legal means.

Royalty (album)

Royalty is the seventh studio album by American singer and songwriter Chris Brown. It was released on December 18, 2015, by RCA Records. The album serves as the follow-up to his sixth album "X" (2014).

The album was dedicated to his daughter, Royalty (born May 27, 2014).


Resisting arrest

In some countries, resisting arrest is a criminal charge against a person who has ran away from a criminal offense.

A person resisting arrest has done, depending on the jurisdiction, at least one of the following acts:


The website "Resisting Arrest" stated that not all arrests are lawful and based upon probable cause. However, an attempt at resisting arrest can lead to additional charges.


Front-runner

In American politics, a front-runner or frontrunner is a leader/most popular in an electoral race.

A political front-runner, mainly during the U.S. presidential primary process, is the most likely to be the nominee or the one who leads in the polls. The front-runner is most often declared by the media who are following the race, and is written about in a different style than his or her challengers.

Sick leave

Sick leave is time off from work that workers can use to stay home because they are sick. Paid sick leave is a requirement in many nations around the world. Most European, many Latin American, a few African and a few Asian countries have legal requirements for paid sick leave. Already in 1500 BCE, at least some of the workers who built the tombs of Egyptian pharaohs received paid sick leave as well as state-supported health care.

Sick pay is money paid to a person who is not able to work because they are ill. This may come from the business they normally work for, from health insurance, or from social security. To get the money most people will need a sick note from a medical doctor to show that they cannot work.

In the United Kingdom general practitioners had to give people sick notes since the National Insurance Act 1911. They could get 10 shillings a week Sickness benefit for 26 weeks. 

Annual leave

Annual leave is paid time off work given by employers to employees to be used for whatever the employee wishes. Depending on the employer's policies, there are different number of days off given. It is thought to be a benefit for the employees. Some employees must tell their boss a few days before they go on leave. Most countries around the world have labor laws that mandate employers give a certain number of paid time-off days per year to workers.

Conservatoire national des arts et métiers

The Conservatoire national des arts et métiers (; CNAM) is a graduate engineering school in Paris, France. It was created in 1794.

Its different programs lead to the following French and European degrees:

Classes and research are performed mainly in French and English languages. Students from a dozen nationalities participate in the different programs at CNAM.


Marasmus

Marasmus is a form of malnutrition. It happens in people (especially children) who do not get enough food. A healthy person gets energy from eating food, especially foods with protein and fat in them. Because a person with marasmus is not getting enough food, they do not get the energy they need to survive. This is due to deficiency of both proteins and calories. Generally, this disease occurs when there is an immediate second pregnancy or repeated child births. Lean and weak, swelling limbs, less developed muscles, dry skin, diarrhoea, etc.., are the symptoms of this disease.

Children with marasmus look emaciated (very skinny). This is because their bodies have burned up all of their fat and muscles to make energy. The child's body weight will be less than 60% of a normal child his or her age.

Marasmus can be treated. However, about half of children with bad malnutrition die because they cannot get treatment where they live.

The word “marasmus” comes from the Greek word μαρασμός "marasmos" (meaning "decay <nowiki>"</nowiki>)

Most children with marasmus look shrunken and have lost most of their muscles and body fat. Their bodies try to save as much energy as possible by shutting down the immune system, not growing, and giving less energy to the liver, kidneys, heart, and gastrointestinal system. This can cause problems like:

Other symptoms of marasmus include:


Marasmus is caused by a deficiency (not having enough) of nearly all nutrients, especially protein, carbohydrates, and lipids (fats).

Marasmus can be treated by giving emergency nutrients and fluids. However, treating the causes of marasmus is not enough. Often, the disease has complications (it causes other problems), like infections, dehydration, and problems with the circulatory system. These complications are very dangerous and often kill children if they are not treated correctly.


Brindisi

Brindisi is an Italian city in Apulia. Brindisi is the capital of the Province of Brindisi. About 85,000 people live there.

