Rudolf Zöhrer

Rudolf Zöhrer (28 March 1911 – 12 February 2000) was an Austrian football goalkeeper. He played three matches for Austria. Zöhrer also played for SK Admira Wien and FK Austria Wien, Wiener AC, SK Donaufeld Wien and Floridsdorfer AC.
Rudi Zöhrer began his career as a soccer player at SC Nord-Wien 1912. In 1930 he moved to Admira. His first season as a regular goalie was in 1932 . With the club he won championship and the cup. Rudi Zöhrer was able to repeat this success in 1934. He had to hand over his position to Peter Platzer before the end of the season. After that he moved to Austria Wien. He played for the team until the end of his career. With Austria he won the Mitropacup, the forerunner of today's European Cup and one Austrian Cup.
Zöhrer played three matches for the Austrian national football team. His first match was in a 4-3 win against Sweden on 17 July 1932. He did not get good reviews. Hugo Meisl did not call him for that for a long time. With the team, he managed to qualify for the World Cup against Latvia on 5 October 1937. He was unable to take part after the annexation of Austria by the German Reich.<ref>ÖFB Players profile

American eel

The American eel ("Anguilla rostrata") is a catadromous teleost fish in the family Anguillidae. It occurs in the Americas, from Greenland to Brazil. It has an elongated body like a snake. It lives in rivers and lakes, mostly in North and Central America. 

These eels are active during the night. At day they hide on the ground of the river or lake. They feed on insect larvae, worms, smaller fish and small crustaceans. To spawn, they migrate to the Sargasso Sea in the Atlantic Ocean. They grown to a length of about and a weight of up to .

The eggs hatch within a week of deposition in the Sargasso Sea. Fertilization is external, and adult eels are presumed to die after spawning. None has been reported to migrate up rivers.

The leptocephalus is the larval form, a stage strikingly different from the adult form the eels will grow into. Growth has been evaluated at about 0.21 to 0.38 mm per day.

As they enter the continental shelf, leptocephali metamorphose into glass eels (juveniles), which are transparent and have the typical snake shape of eels.

Glass eels become progressively pigmented as they approach the shore; these eels are termed elvers.

This is the sexually immature adult stage of American eel. They begin to develop a yellow color and a creamy or yellowish belly. In this phase, the eels are still mainly nocturnal.

As the maturation process proceeds, the yellow eel now turns into a silver eel.

American eels are nocturnal and most of their feeding occurs at night. They have a keen sense of smell, meaning they most likely depend on scent to find food. 

Little is known about the food habits of leptocephali. Recent studies suggest that leptocephali do not feed on zooplankton. They likely consume detrital particles such as marine snow and fecal pellets or particles such as discarded houses of larvacean tunicates.

Based on laboratory experiments on European glass eels, Lecomte-Finiger (1983) reported that they were morphologically and physiologically unable to feed. However, Tesch (1977) found that elvers at a later stage of pigmentation, stage VIA4, were feeding.

Elvers feed primarily on larvae.

Yellow eels are benthic omnivores that eat fish, mollusks, bivalves, crustaceans, insect larvae, surface-dwelling insects, worms, frogs and plants.



Mary, Countess of Blois

Mary, Countess of Blois was countess of Blois (1230-1241). Mary was born into the family of Walter of Avesnes and Margaret of Blois.

Clampdown

"Clampdown" is a 1980 song by English punk rock band The Clash. It is the second single from their third studio album "London Calling". It was released in Australia with its B-side single "The Guns of Brixton". It was not released in other territories, with the exception of US promos. It was covered by the Indigo Girls for their 2005 album "Rarities".

Beatrice of Nazareth

Blessed Beatrice of Nazareth was nun, mystic, philosopher, and prioress at Notre-Dame-de-Nazareth from Belgium. She was born into the family of Gertrudis and Bartholoméus de Vleeschouwer of Tirlemont.

Birger Jarl

Birger Jarl was a statesman, jarl, and a member of the House of Bjelbo from Sweden. He was born in 1210 and died on October 21, 1266.

Say You Will (Foreigner song)

"Say You Will" is a 1987 song by British American band Foreigner. It is the leading single from their sixth studio album "Inside Information". It went to number 4 in Norway, number 6 in the United States, number 14 in the Netherlands, number 20 in Switzerland, number 22 in Germany and number 71 in the United Kingdom.

Pietro Capocci

Pietro Capocci was a Roman Catholic cardinal since 1244. Pietro was born in 1200 and died on May 19, 1259.

Ruby Loftus Screwing a Breech-ring

Ruby Loftus Screwing a Breech-ring is a 1943 painting by the British artist Laura Knight. 

It shows a young woman, Ruby Loftus, working at an industrial lathe. She is cutting a piece for an Ack-Ack (anti-aircraft) gun. 

The painting was commissioned as part of the British war effort in the Second World War.

Loftus was a 21-year-old woman. She had become an expert in the production of breech-rings in seven months. It usually took several years. 

The painting was commissioned to promote women's work in factories. Women dominate the picture, and only one man can be seen in the background. 

When shown at the 1943 Royal Academy Summer Exhibition, the painting was extremely popular, and was voted the picture of the exhibition. The image was reproduced in a large-scale poster version by the WAAC (Women's Army Auxiliary Corps) for display in factories across the country.

Ugolino da Gualdo Cattaneo

Ugolino da Gualdo Cattaneo was an Roman Catholic professed religious and monk of the Order of Saint Augustine. He was born in 1200 and died on January 1, 1260.

Chen Rong

Chen Rong was a painter and politician from China. Chen was born in 1200 and died in 1266.

Dōgen

Dōgen Zenji was a priest, writer, poet, philosopher from Japan. He founded the Sōtō school of Zen in Japan. Dōgen was born 26 January, 1200 and died 22 September, 1253.

Janani Luwum

Janani Luwum (1922-1977), also known as Janani Jakaliya Luwum, was the Archbishop of the Church of Uganda between 1974 and 1977.

In 1971, Idi Amin took over the government by surprise from Milton Obote. While he was in power, he abused power by killing many people and others were disappearing in the country, without any trace.

Janani Luwum, who was the Archbishop of Uganda at that time, was not happy with the way people who opposed Idi Amin went missing. His position as the Archbishop of Uganda made it hard for him to remain silent about the harsh leadership of Idi Amin. So, together with other religious leaders in the country, he wrote a strong-worded letter of protest to Idi Amin, telling him to stop all the bad things he was doing to his people.

When Idi Amin received the message, he felt insulted by it and got Janani Luwum arrested and tried. Idi Amin eventually killed him by having his men shoot him to death in February 1977.

Since 2015 Uganda has a public holiday on 16 February, to celebrate the life of Janani Luwum, who has been described by Isaiah Ogedegbe as "the man who never made peace with oppression".

Evpaty Kolovrat

Evpaty Kolovrat was a famous bogatyr from Russia. He was born in 1200 and died heroically in 1238 during the battle with the army of Batu Khan.

John Fitzalan

John Fitzalan was a Lord of Clun and Oswestry in the Welsh Marches. He was born in 1200 and died in 1240.

2023 Colombia Amazon child rescue

On 9 June 2023, four children were rescued from the Amazon rainforest, in Colombia after they survived a plane crash on 1 May. The Cessna 206 plane was carrying seven people which included a woman and her four children. All three adults were killed, leaving the children to fend for themselves in the forest. However, all the four children—aged 13, 9, 4 and a 11-month-old toddler— survived in the jungle for nearly 40 days. According to the rescuers, the children were malnourished, and had many insect bites, but no major health issues. According to media, the children belong to an indigenous community, living in or near the jungle. The 13 year old also seems to have been used to guarding the other children, when their mother was at work.

The plane crashed in a region of the rainforest that is difficult to access. When it was discovered there were survivors, a large-scale rescue operation was ordered by the authorities.


Helena Pedersdatter Strange

Helena Pedersdotter Strange was a Queen of Sweden and the wife of Canute II. She was born in 1200 in Denmark and died in 1260.

Hugh of Saint-Cher

Hugh of Saint-Cher was a Dominican friar, cardinal and noted biblical commentator from France. He was born in 1200 and died on March 19, 1263.

N. T. Rama Rao Jr.

- N. T. Rama Rao Jr., also known as Jr NTR or Tarak, is an Indian actor who mainly works in Telugu cinema. He is the grandson of the legendary actor and former Chief Minister of Andhra Pradesh, N. T. Rama Rao Sr. He has won several awards, including two Filmfare Awards, two Nandi Awards, and four CineMAA Awards. He has also been featured in Forbes India Celebrity 100 list since 2012¹.
- Rama Rao Jr. started his acting career as a child artist in films such as Brahmarshi Viswamitra (1991) and Ramayanam (1997), the latter winning the National Film Award for Best Children's Film. He made his debut as a lead actor with Ninnu Choodalani (2001) and rose to fame with Student No. 1 (2001) and Aadi (2002). He established himself as a leading actor with films such as Simhadri (2003), Yamadonga (2007), Adhurs (2010), Brindavanam (2010), Baadshah (2013), Temper (2015), Nannaku Prematho (2016), Janatha Garage (2016), Jai Lava Kusa (2017), Aravinda Sametha Veera Raghava (2018), and RRR (2022).
- Rama Rao Jr. is also known for his television work. He hosted the first season of the Telugu reality show Bigg Boss on Star Maa in 2017. He is currently hosting the fifth season of Evaru Meelo Koteeswarulu on Gemini TV, which is the Telugu version of Who Wants to Be a Millionaire? He is also a trained Kuchipudi dancer and a playback singer who has sung several songs for his films.

Isaac ben Moses of Vienna

Isaac ben Moses of Vienna was an outstanding rabbi of the Middle Ages. He was born in 1200 and died in 1270.

John dal Bastone

John dal Bastone was a Blessed of the Roman Catholic Church. He was born in 1200 and died in 1290.

Jutta of Kulmsee

Jutta of Kulmsee was the patron saint of Prussia and a member of the Third Order of Saint Francis. She was born in 1200 and died in 1260.

Rudra Kandali

Rudra Kandali was an outstanding litterateur of the 12th century. He was born in Kamrup in 1200.

Abetone Cutigliano

Abetone Cutigliano is a "comune" in the Province of Pistoia in the Tuscany region in Italy. It was created on 1 January 2017 from the former municipalities of Abetone and Cutigliano.


Castelbianco

Castelbianco is a "comune" in the Province of Savona in the Liguria region in Italy.

Erli

Erli is a "comune" in the Province of Savona in the Liguria region in Italy.

Castelfranco Veneto

Castelfranco Veneto () is an Italian city in Veneto. Castelfranco Veneto is in the Province of Treviso. About 33,000 people live there.

Centelles

Centelles is a municipality of 7,641 people (2022). It is in the province of Barcelona in the autonomous community of Catalonia in Spain.

Robert de Keldeleth

Robert de Keldeleth was a Benedictine and Cistercian abbot. He died in 1273.

Ladislaus III of Hungary

Ladislaus III was King of Hungary and Croatia from 1204 to 1205. He was born in 1200 and died in 1205.

William Levett

William Levett was lord of the manor of the South Yorkshire village. He was born in 1200 and died in 1270.

Louis IV, Landgrave of Thuringia

Louis IV the Saint was a term of the Ludovingian dynasty. He was Landgrave of Thuringia and Saxon Count palatine from 1217 to 1227. He was born on October 28, 1200 and died on September 11, 1227.

Martim Pires Machado

Martim Machado Pires was an alcaide and noble of the Kingdom of Portugal. He was born in 1200.

Adam Marsh

Adam Marsh was a Franciscan, scholar and theologian from England. He was born in 1200 and died in 1259.

Minnale

Minnale is a 2001 Indian Tamil-language romance movie. It was directed and written by Gautham Vasudev Menon. This is the debut movie of music composer, Harris Jayaraj. This movie stars R. Madhavan, Reema Sen, Abbas, Vivek and Nagesh.

The movie released on February 2nd, 2001 to positive reviews. It became a commercial success. This movie was a turning point in R. Madhavan's career. 

The movie was remade in Hindi as Rehnaa Hai Terre Dil Mein in the same year. Madhavan did the same role, which did average at the box office.


Rehnaa Hai Terre Dil Mein

Rehnaa Hai Terre Dil Mein is a 2001 Hindi-language romance movie. It was directed and written by Gautham Vasudev Menon. The music was composed by Harris Jayaraj. It is a remake of Menon's own Tamil film Minnale which was released in the same year. This movie stars R. Madhavan, Saif Ali Khan and Dia Mirza in the lead roles. 

This movie was released on October 19, 2001, but unlike the original which was successful, this one was average at the box office.


AVN Media Network

AVN Media Network is a publishing, digital media and event management company for the adult entertainment industry. AVN Media Network's portfolio of businesses includes several widely recognized adult industry publications, expos, shows, and communities. These include gfy.com, an adult webmaster community, AVN magazine, AVN Online, GAYVN and AVN Adult Entertainment Expo.

AVN Media Network, Inc. is headquartered in the Chatsworth, CA



Healthcare in the Phillippines

Healthcare in the Philippines is provided by the national and local governments, but people mostly have to pay themselves.

The Philippine Health Insurance Corporation was started in 1995 to set up to change this. It is a tax-exempt, government-owned and controlled corporation of the Philippines. 

In 2023 many people are still not covered, and especially on the smaller islands access to healthcare is very difficult.

Bank of Guam

The Bank of Guam is a financial institution based in the territory of Guam, a United States territory located in the western Pacific Ocean. Established in 1972, the Bank of Guam has grown to become one of the largest banks in Guam and has expanded its presence to other jurisdictions, including the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands, Federated States of Micronesia, Republic of Palau, and the Republic of the Marshall Islands.

The Bank of Guam has received many awards and accolades over the years for its services and contributions to the community. Some of the notable recognitions include:


Oksana

Oksana, Oxana, or Aksana (; , ), is a female given name of Ukrainian origin.






Salvatore Garau

Salvatore Garau (born 1953) is an Italian artist from the Mediterranean island of Sardinia.

Garau was born in Santa Giusta in the Mediterranean island of Sardinia, Italy. He studied at the Accademia di Belle Arti di Firenze, where he graduated in 1974.

He participated in the 50th Biennale di Venezia in 2003 and showed work at the European Parliament in Strasbourg in the same year.

In 2009 he had a solo show at the Musée d'art moderne et contemporain of Saint-Etienne, in France. Salvo Garau is the artist most followed by the media and worldwide.

Superbook

Superbook is a Christian children's animated series, by the Christian Broadcasting Network, based on two time-travelling kids, Chris and Joy, and their robot friend, Gizmo. In each episode, they are always carried away by a mysterious device to visit stories, people and places in the Bible. The series currently has 5 seasons of 68 episodes.

Vejle

Vejle is a city in Denmark, in southeast of Jutland peninsula at the head of Vejle Fjord. As of 2023, the city has 61,310 people lived there, which makes it the ninth largest city in the country. Vejle is known for its textile industry.

Saint-Pierre, Alpes-de-Haute-Provence

Saint-Pierre is a commune. It is in Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Alpes-de-Haute-Provence department in southeast France.


Heavy Is the Head (song)

"Heavy Is the Head" is a 2015 song by country band Zac Brown Band featuring Chris Cornell. It is the second single from their fourth studio album "Jekyll + Hyde". It was released on rock radio instead of country radio. It went to number 1 on the Canadian Billboard Rock chart and number 14 Billboard Hot Rock & Alternative charts.

Sometimes We Cry

"Sometimes We Cry" is a 1997 song by Northern Irish singer Van Morrison. It is the eighth single from his 26th studio album "The Healing Game". The version features the backing vocals of Georgie Fame and Brian Kennedy. In 1999, it was performed as a duet with Tom Jones for his album "Reload".

Know Your Rights

"Know Your Rights" is a 1982 song by British punk rock band The Clash and is the leading single from their fifth studio album "Combat Rock". It went to number 43 in the United Kingdom. It has covered by Pearl Jam live in concert in 2003.


Clark Still

Clark Still is the fictional characters from "The King of Fighters" franchises.

Ahirwar

The Ahirwar, Aharwar or Suryavanshi Ahirwar and Chaudhary are Hindu Rajput Kshatriya clan classified among the Scheduled Castes who are members of the Suryavanshi lineage of the North Indian caste, belonging to the Chawar dynasty. Uttar Pradesh and Madhya Pradesh are predominantly populated by members of the Scheduled Castes.

Isabel Marshal

Isabel Marshal was a countess from England. She was born on October 9, 1200 and died on January 19, 1240.

Huon de Méry

Huon de Méry was the creator of "Li Tournoiemenz Anticrit". He was born in 1200 and died in 1250.

Mississippi Burning

Mississippi Burning is a 1988 film which tells a fictionalized version of the investigation into the real-life in Mississippi in 1964. The movie focuses on two fictional FBI agents (portrayed by Gene Hackman and Willem Dafoe) who investigate the murders.

The film also stars Frances McDormand, Brad Dourif, R. Lee Ermey and Gailard Sartain, and was written by Chris Gerolmo and directed by Alan Parker. It won the Academy Award for Best Cinematography, and was nominated for Best Actor in a Leading Role (Hackman), Best Actress in a Supporting Role (McDormand), Best Director, Best Film Editing, Best Picture and Best Sound.

The film has been criticized by many, including historian Howard Zinn, for its fictionalization of history. While FBI agents are presented as heroes who descend upon the town by the hundreds, in reality the FBI and the Justice Department only reluctantly protected civil rights workers and protesters and reportedly witnessed beatings without intervening.

On June 21, 2005, 41 years to the day after the murders, Edgar Ray Killen was convicted of manslaughter in the 1964 slayings of the three civil rights workers, and was later sentenced to 60 years in prison.

"Mississippi Burning" was preceded in 1975 by a television docudrama titled "", depicting many of the same events, and both productions follow the events portrayed in the 1990 TV-movie "Murder in Mississippi".


Matthew Paris

Matthew Paris was a Benedictine monk, chronicler, artist in illuminated manuscripts, and cartographer from England. He was born in 1200 and died in 1259.

Demetrios Pepagomenos

Demetrios Pepagomenos was a savant, physician, veterinary physician, and naturalist from Byzantine. He was born in 1200 and died in 1300.

Jan Prandota

Jan Prandota was member of the Odrowąż family and bishop of Kraków from 1242 to 1266. He was born in 1200 and died in 1266.

Rolandino of Padua

Rolandino of Padova was a jurist and writer from Italy. He was born in 1200 and died on February 2, 1276.

William of Saint-Amour

William of Saint-Amour was a philosopher and theologian from France. He was born in 1200 and died in 1272.

Robert de Shardlow

Robert de Shardlow, or de Shardelaw was a senior Crown official, diplomat, judge, and substantial landowner in England and Ireland. He was born in 1200 and died in 1255.

Olivier de Termes

Olivier de Termes was a famous knight from Termes, Aude, France. He was born in 1200 and died on August, 12, 1274.

Ulrich von Liechtenstein

Ulrich von Liechtenstein was a minnesinger and poet from Germany. He was born in 1200 and died in 1275.

Wang Haogu

Wang Haogu was a physician and writer from China. He was born in 1200 and died in 1264.

William of Sherwood

William of Sherwood was a scholastic philosopher, logician, and teacher from England. He was born in 1200 and died between 1266 and 1271.

Al-Mas'ud Yusuf

Al-Malik al-Mas‘ūd Ṣalāḥ al-Dīn Abū al-Muẓaffar Yūsuf ibn Muḥammad was the sixth and final Ayyubid leader of Yemen. He was born in 1201 and died in 1229.

Diana degli Andalò

Diana degli Andalò was a Dominican nun. She founded a convent for her order. Diana was born in 1201 and died in 1236.

Daniel of Galicia

Daniel of Galicia was a King of Ruthenia and Prince of Galicia. He was born in 1201 and died in 1264.

Eison

Eison was a Japanese Buddhist monk. He is known as the founder the Shingon Risshu sect. He was born in 1201 and died in 1290.

Ferdinand III of Castile

Ferdinand III (; 5 August 1199 — 30 May 1252) also known as Saint Ferdinand () and nicknamed the Saint () was the King of León and Galicia from 1230 until his death in 1252. He was also the King of Castile and Toledo from 1217 to 1252. He successfully united Castile with León during his reign.

By military and diplomatic efforts, Ferdinand greatly expanded the dominions of Castile by conquering the crown of Guadalquivir river valley in the south of the Iberian Peninsula, establishing the boundaries of the Castilian state for the next two centuries. New territories included important cities such as Baeza, Úbeda, Jaén, Córdoba and Seville, that were subject of Repartimiento, given a new general charter and repopulated in the following years. Ferdinand died in 1252 at the age of 53 due to a dropsy. He was succeeded by his son, Alfonso X.

Ferdinand had a great reputation. He was one of Castile's most successful monarchs. Because he was a very religious person, he was canonized in 1671 by Pope Clement X. Places such as the cities of San Fernando, Pampanga and San Fernando, La Union; the Diocese of Ilagan and the San Fernando de Dilao Church in Paco, Manila in the Philippines; and in the United States, in California the City of San Fernando, the San Fernando Valley, and in Texas the Cathedral of San Fernando in San Antonio were named in his honor.

Arnold Fitz Thedmar

Arnold Fitz Thedmar was a chronicler and merchant from London. He was born on August 9, 1201 and died on February 10, 1275.

Richard de Fournival

Richard de Fournival was a philosopher and trouvère. He is known as the author of "Bestiaire d'amour" ("The Bestiary of Love"). He was born in 1201 and died in 1260.

Maria of Swabia

Maria of Swabia was a term of the influential Hohenstaufen dynasty of German kings. She was born in 1201 and died in 1235.

Philip I, Count of Boulogne

Philip I of Boulogne was a prince, Count of Clermont-en-Beauvaisis, and Count of Boulogne from France. He was born in 1201 and died in 1235.

Robert de Sorbon

Robert de Sorbon was a theologian and the chaplain of Louis IX of France. He founded the Sorbonne college in Paris. He was born on October 9, 1201 and died on August 15, 1274.

Sava II

Saint Sava II was an archbishop of the Serbian Orthodox Church. He was born in 1201 and died in 1271.

Denzel Dumfries

Denzel Justus Morris Dumfries (born 18 April 1996) is a Dutch football player. He plays as a right-back or a right wing-back for Inter Milan and the Netherlands national team.

Rossau, Saxony

Rossau is a municipality in Mittelsachsen, in Saxony, Germany.

Finale Ligure

Finale Ligure is a "comune" in the Province of Savona in the Liguria region in Italy, on the Italian Riviera. It has four districts: Finale Marina, Final Pia, Finalborgo and Varigotti.

Arnasco

Arnasco is a "comune" in the Province of Savona in the Liguria region in Italy.

Arnasco is twinned with:

Black &amp; Blue (Miike Snow song)

"Black & Blue" is a 2009 song by Swedish indie pop band Miike Snow. It is the second single from their debut studio album "Miike Snow". It went to number 58 in Scotland, number 64 in the United Kingdom and went to the top 10 on the British dance charts and Belgium dance charts. The music features British actor Jeff Stewart.



Kuttolsheim

Kuttolsheim is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Lalaye

Lalaye is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Lampertheim, Bas-Rhin

Lampertheim is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Lampertsloch

Lampertsloch is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Landersheim

Landersheim is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Rohr, Bas-Rhin

Rohr is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Plug In Baby

"Plug In Baby" is a 2001 song by Muse. It is the leading single from their second studio album "Origin of Symmetry". It went to number 11 in the United Kingdom, number 13 in Scotland, number 40 in France, number 42 in Italy, number 57 in Australia, number 63 in the Netherlands and number 88 in Switzerland.

Fuad II of Egypt

Fuad II (, full name: Ahmed Fuad bin Farouk bin Ahmed Fuad bin Ismail bin Ibrahim bin Muhammad Ali; born 16 January 1952) or alternatively Ahmed Fuad II is a member of the Egyptian Muhammed Ali Dynasty. He was the King of Egypt and the Sudan from 1952 until the monarchy was abolished in 1953. Since then, Fuad was the claimant to the Egyptian throne and is the Head of the Royal House of Egypt since his father's death in 1965.


Langensoultzbach

Langensoultzbach is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Jump Right In

"Jump Right In" is a 2013 song by country band Zac Brown Band and is the third single from their third studio album "Uncaged". It went to number 53 in the United States, number 63 in Canada and went to number 3 on the Canadian Billboard country charts and number 13 on the Billboard Hot Country Song charts. It was written by Jason Mraz.

Theobald I of Navarre

Theobald I was Count of Champagne and King of Navarre. He was born on May 3, 1201 in Troyes and died on July 8, 1253 in Pamplona.

Middelfart

Middelfart is a town in central Denmark. In 2022, 16,277 people lived there. It is on the island of Funen ().

Middelfart is twinned with:


Thomas of Cantimpré

Thomas of Cantimpré was Catholic writer, preacher, theologian and a monk belonging to the Dominican Order from Flemish Region. He was born in 1201 and died on May 15, 1272.

Escape room

An escape room is a room in which people are locked in order to play a game requiring them to solve a series of puzzles within a certain amount of time to accomplish a goal, typically finding the key to unlock the room.

Note that most escape rooms are not really locked, and players are not actually trapped. The key they seek is symbolic of the escape from the room. While it often unlocks a door, there is always an unlocked door at the ready in case of emergencies. 

Nasir al-Din al-Tusi

Muhammad ibn Muhammad ibn al-Hasan al-Tūsī was an architect, philosopher, physician, scientist, and theologian from Persia. He was born in 1201 and died in 1274.

Laubach, Bas-Rhin

Laubach is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Laubach (disambiguation)

Laubach can mean:

Lauterbourg

Lauterbourg is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Lembach

Lembach is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Leutenheim

Leutenheim is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Lichtenberg, Bas-Rhin

Lichtenberg is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

The village is a part of the "Parc naturel régional des Vosges du Nord".

Neighbouring communes are Baerenthal in the neighbouring Moselle department to the north-east, Offwiller and Rothbach to the south-east, Ingwiller in the south, Wimmenau in the south-west and Reipertswiller to the north-west.



Limersheim

Limersheim is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Uriyangkhadai

Uriyangkhadai was an Uriankhai general from the Mongol Empire. He was born in 1201 and died in 1272.

s Army Publishing House |pages=66–88}}</ref>
Alfonso of Molina

Alfonso of León, Lord of Molina was a prince of Kingdom of León and Kingdom of Castile. He was born in 1202 and died on January 6, 1272.

Offwiller

Offwiller is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Lipsheim

Lipsheim is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Littenheim

Littenheim is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Lixhausen

Lixhausen is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Boniface II, Marquis of Montferrat

Boniface II was the 11th Marquis of Montferrat and King of Thessalonica. He was born in 1202 and died on December 6, 1253.

Lobsann

Lobsann is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Matilda II, Countess of Boulogne

Matilda II of Boulogne was Countess of Boulogne from 1248 to 1253. She was born in 1202 and died on January 14, 1259.

Enni

Enni Ben'en was a Buddhist friar from Japan. He was born in 1202 and died in 1280.

Josie (Steely Dan song)

"Josie" is a 1978 song by Steely Dan and is the third single from their sixth studio album "Aja". It went to number 26 in the United States and number 44 on the Easy Listening chart. It has also appeared on several live and compilation albums since its release.

Let Love Be Your Energy

"Let Love Be Your Energy" is a 2001 song by Robbie Williams and is the fourth single to his third studio album "Sing When You're Winning". It went to number 10 in the United Kingdom and made the top 50 in other countries. It charted poorly in Germany where it made number 68.

UK and New Zealand CD single

UK cassette single

European CD single

Australian CD single

Margaret II, Countess of Flanders

Margaret (Margaret of Constantinople) was a ruler of Count of Flanders and Count of Hainaut. She was born in 1202 and died in 1280.

Emperor Mo of Jin

Emperor Mo of Jin was emperor of China during the Jurchen-led Jin dynasty. He was born in 1202 and died on February 9, 1234. Mo of Jin holds the record for the shortest reign of a monarch in history of China.

Mōri Suemitsu

Mōri Suemitsu was a samurai in the Kamakura period and a "gokenin" of the Kamakura shogunate. He was born in 1202 and died on July 8, 1240.

Qin Jiushao

Qin Jiushao was a mathematician, meteorologist, inventor, politician, and writer from China. He was born in 1202 and died in 1261.

Hunky Dory

Hunky Dory is the fourth studio album by David Bowie and was released on 17 December, 1971 through RCA Records. It went to number 3 in the United Kingdom, number 15 in Finland and number 39 in Australia. In 2016 following Bowie's death it went to number 16 in Sweden, number 26 in Denmark, number 30 in New Zealand and number 57 in the United States.

All tracks are written by David Bowie, except "Fill Your Heart", written by Biff Rose and Paul Williams.

Side one

Side two

Shi Tianze

Shi Tianze was a general during the Yuan dynasty. He was born in 1202 and died in 1275.

Abu Shama

Abū Shāma Shihāb al-Dīn al-Maḳdisī was a historian from Damascus. He was born in 1203 and died in 1267.

Abu Zakariya Yahya

Abu Zakariya Yahya is known as the founder of the Hafsid dynasty in Ifriqiya. He was born in 1203 and died in 1249.

Bi Bi Monajemeh Nishaburi

Bi Bi Monajemeh Nishaburi was a poet, mathematician and astronomer from Iran. He was born on January 1, 1203 and died in 1280.

Ethan Mathias

Ethan Mathias is an American actor, singer, dancer, and musician based in New York City. He is better known for his roles on films, such as Caleb on the "Miracle on Christmas" (2020) along with , Young Michael on the "Curtain Call" (2023).

Ethan Mathias was born and raised in Ada Township, Michigan.
He attended Ada Vista Spanish Immersion in thru 5th grade. He is enrolled in Michigan , an online virtual high school. 

Ethan's first major acting role was an appearance in the 2020 film "Miracle on Christmas" (2020). In 2023 Ethan was cast on the thriller drama film Curtain Call (2023), playing the role of young Michael Murphy.

Notably, Ethan was cast as Schroeder, a young autistic artist in 2023 independent short film "The Shocking Backpack". The film currently in the middle of pre-production. 

Ethan is fluent in Spanish, proficient in Italian and German. He has been homeschooled remotely thru .


Cecilia Cesarini

Cecilia Cesarini is known as a Dominican nun from Italy. She was born in 1203 and died in 1290.

Xueting Fuyu

Xuětíng Fúyù is known as an abbe of the Shaolin Monastery of the Caodong lineage. He was born in 1203 and died in 1275.

Tapan Kumar Pradhan

Tapan Kumar Pradhan (born 22 October 1972) is an Indian poet, writer, translator, researcher and activist. He is best known for his poem collection “Kalahandi” which won Sahitya Akademi Golden Jubilee Award. His poetry has been included in the English literature syllabus of several colleges and universities.

Ibn Abi Usaybi'a

Ibn Abī Uṣaybiʿa Muʾaffaq al-Dīn Abū al-ʿAbbās Aḥmad Ibn Al-Qāsim Ibn Khalīfa al-Khazrajī is known as an Arab physician from Damascus. He was born in 1203.

Jayadeva Malla

Jayadeva Malla is known as the king of Nepal. He was born in 1203 and died in 1258.

Denzel Curry

Denzel Rae Don Curry (born February 16, 1995) is an American rapper and singer. He was born in Miami Gardens, Florida. He made his first mixtape in 2011. SpaceGhostPurrp put the mixtape on social media. This made Curry more popular. Curry joined Purrps' hip-hop group, Raider Klan.

Curry left Raider Klan in 2013. He made his first studio album. It was named "Nostalgic 64". He made many extended plays (EPs). Curry has made many albums that have been on the "Billboard" 200. These are "Ta13oo" (2018), "Zuu" (2019), and "Melt My Eyez See Your Future" (2022).


Donnchadh, Earl of Mar

Donnchadh of Mar was the fifth Earl of Mar. He was born in 1203 and died in 1243.

Checkered Past (TV programming block)

Checkered Past is a Adult Swim programming block featuring cartoons from the late 90s and early 2000s that launched on August 28, 2023. It aired shows such as "Courage the Cowardly Dog", "Ed, Edd n Eddy", "Dexter's Laboratory", and "The Grim Adventures of Billy & Mandy".

Mindaugas

Mindaugas was the Grand Duke of Lithuania and the King of Lithuania. He was born in 1203 and died in 1263.

Peter II, Count of Savoy

Peter II is known as Count of Savoy and holder of the Honour of Richmond. He was born in 1203 and died in 1268.

Peg (song)

"Peg" is a 1977 song by Steely Dan and is taken from their sixth studio album "Aja". It went to number 7 in Canada, number 8 on the "Cash Box" chart, number 11 in the United States and number 30 on the Easy Listening chart. It was covered by Nerina Pallot in 2007 and in 2014 by Donny Osmond.

Zakariya al-Qazwini

Zakariyya' al-Qazwini is known as a cosmographer and geographer. He was born in 1203 and died in 1283.

Rothbach

Rothbach is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Wimmenau

Wimmenau is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Sengaku

Sengaku is known as Buddhist monk of the Tendai school, scholar, editor and a literary critic from Japan. He was born in 1203 and died in 1273.

Reipertswiller

Reipertswiller is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France. In 2020, Reipertswiller had 846 people.

Reipertswiller is on the border with the Moselle department. It is part of the "Parc naturel régional des Vosges du Nord". It has three villages: Melch, Saegemuhle and Wildenguth.

Neighbouring communes are Goetzenbruck to the northwest, Mouterhouse to the north, Baerenthal to the northeast, Wimmenau to the southwest and Lichtenberg to the southeast.

Mouterhouse

Mouterhouse is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Moselle department in northeast France.

Vasylko Romanovych

Vasylko Romanovych was a Prince of Belz, Brest, and Volhynia. He was born in 1203 and died in 1269.

Baerenthal

Baerenthal is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Moselle department in northeast France.

Abû 'Uthmân Sa'îd ibn Hakam al Qurashi

Abû ‘Uthman Sa’îd ibn Hakam al Qurashi is known as the first Ra’îs of Manûrqa. He was born on December 30, 1204 and died on January 9, 1282.


2023 French Open

The 2023 French Open is a Grand Slam tennis tournament played on a clay court in Paris, France. Rafael Nadal was the 2022 winner. It is being played at Stade Roland Garros.

Alice of Schaerbeek

Alice of Schaerbeek is known as Cistercian laysister. She was born in 1220 and died in 1250.

Casper Ruud

Casper Ruud is a Norwegian professional tennis player participating in the 2023 French Open against Novak Djokovic for the championship. He is ranked 2nd in the world of professional tennis. He has been in the Davis Cup.

Anna Maria of Hungary

Anna Maria of Hungary is known as an Empress consort of Bulgaria. She was born in 1204 and died in 1237.

2023–24 Burton Albion F.C. season

The 2023–24 Burton Albion F.C. season is the 74th season for Burton Albion F.C.. It is their sixth season in League One since being relegated from the Championship. The club are also in League One, the FA Cup, the EFL Cup, and the 2023–24 EFL Trophy.

East Lancs Cityzen

The East Lancs Cityzen was a 2-axle step entrance double-decker bus body. It was built between 1995–2000 by East Lancashire Coachbuilders. It was only built on Scania N113DRB chassis.

East Lancs deliberately misspelled bus names (naming it "Cityzen" instead of "Citizen")

In 2000, the Cityzen was replaced by the East Lancs OmniDekka.

Anne of Bohemia, Duchess of Silesia

Anne of Bohemia is known as a term of the Přemyslid dynasty, Duchess of Silesia and High Duchess of Poland. He was born in 1204 and died in 1265.

As-Suwaydi

As-Suwaydi is known as physician from the Aws tribe. He was born in 1204 and died in 1292.

Berengaria of León

Berengaria of León was an empress consort of John of Brienne (Latin Emperor of Constantinople). She was born in 1204 and died on April 12, 1237.

East Lancs E Type

The East Lancs E Type was a 2-axle step entrance double-decker bus body. It was built between c.1990 to 1996 by East Lancashire Coachbuilders. It was built on Dennis Dominator chassis, Dennis Arrow chassis, Leyland Olympian chassis, Scania N113DRB chassis, Volvo B10M chassis, Volvo Olympian chassis ().

In 1996, the E Type was replaced by the East Lancs Cityzen and East Lancs Pyoneer.

East Lancs Myllennium Lowlander

The East Lancs Myllennium Lowlander was a 2-axle low-floor double-decker bus body. It was built between c.2000 to c.2007 by East Lancashire Coachbuilders. It was only built on DAF DB250 chassis.

East Lancs deliberately misspelled bus names (naming it "Myllennium " instead of "Millennium ")


Reinbek

Reinbek is a town in Stormarn in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany. It is part of the Hamburg Metropolitan Region.

Reinbek was first mentioned in 1226 and was given city rights in 1952.

Reinbek is twinned with:


East Lancs Lolyne

The East Lancs Lolyne was a 2-axle low-floor double-decker bus body. It was built between c.1999 to c.2007 by East Lancashire Coachbuilders. It was only built on Dennis Trident 2 chassis.

East Lancs deliberately misspelled bus names (naming it "Lolyne" instead of "Lowline", "lollin'" or "loin"")

The East Lancs Myllennium Lolyne was a 2-axle low-floor double-decker bus body. It was built from c.2002 to c.2007 by East Lancashire Coachbuilders. It was only built on Dennis Trident 2 chassis.


Koło

Koło is a town in Greater Poland Voivodeship in central Poland, on the Warta River. Its area is 13.85 km². In 2006, 23,101 people lived there.


Lohr, Bas-Rhin

Lohr is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Lorentzen

Lorentzen is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Lupstein

Lupstein is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Lutzelhouse

Lutzelhouse is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Mackenheim

Mackenheim is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Mackwiller

Mackwiller is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

In 1955, substantial remains of a large Mithraeum were unearthed in Mackwiller by Jean-Jacques Hatt, archaeologist and director of the Musée archéologique de Strasbourg. The find has since been displayed at museum.

Maisonsgoutte

Maisonsgoutte is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Des Arc, Missouri

Des Arc is a village in Iron County, Missouri, United States.

Romerus hainanus

The Hainan small tree frog ("Romerus hainanus") is a frog. It lives in China in Hainan Province. Scientists have seen it in one place: 710 meters above sea level on Mount Diaoluo.

Sauk County, Wisconsin

Sauk County is a county in the U.S. state of Wisconsin. As of the 2020 census, 65,763 people lived there. The county seat and largest city is Baraboo. The county was created in 1840 from Wisconsin Territory.

Price County, Wisconsin

Price County is a county in the U.S. state of Wisconsin. As of the 2020 census, 14,054 people lived there. The county seat is Phillips.

Kupala

Kupala is a fictional goddess from Slavic stories. She symbolizes peace, water, magic, plants, and the ability to have babies, even though old Slavic folks didn't actually pray to her. She has a twin brother named Kupalo who stands for male ability to have babies. Together with other gods, they make up a god of fertility. There's a special celebration called that her name comes from. The festival is Christian not pagan.

Jacob Grimm wrote a book called "Deutsche Mythologie" in 1835. In this book, he mentioned that Russians called their summer solstice bonfires "kupala". He also wrote that some people said "kupala" is the name of Kupulo. Kupulo is a god of harvest. Many experts say the word "kupala" means someone who takes a bath. The word comes from "kupat(i)" which means to take a bath. But not all experts agree. They say "kupala" is the name of a god. People believed in this god before Christianity came. They say it is not about John the Baptist.

Vyacheslav Ivanov and are two of these experts. They think "kupala" comes from the same old Indo-European word as "Cupid". Cupid is the Roman god of love. This old word means 'passion' or 'desire'.

Scholars now believe that nobody worshipped Kupala. They believe the name is derived from Kupala Night. Kupala Is believed to derive from the past tense conjugation of meaning to bathe, possibly to baptize in the name of John the Baptist. 
This special day marks the beginning of summer and the sun. People call it Kupalo. In the 4th century AD, it became a day to celebrate John the Baptist's birth. He lived before Jesus Christ. When people turned to Christianity, they connected the name "Kupala" with the Christian name "Ivan". This special day is known as "Ivan" and "Kupala" in Ukraine and Belarus. "Ivan" is another way to say John, like John the Baptist. "Kupala" may come from an older Slavic word, "kump". "Kump" means a group of people together.

Some people think these two holidays are related. They think it's because John baptized people by putting them fully in water. But the Kupala celebration happened before Christianity. When people became Christian, they changed the Kupala celebration a little. They made it part of the Christian traditions that also have local stories.

Pierce County, Wisconsin

Pierce County is a county in the U.S. state of Wisconsin. As of the 2020 census, 42,212 people lived there. The county seat is Ellsworth.

Rusk County, Wisconsin

Rusk County is a county in the U.S. state of Wisconsin. In 2020, 14,188 people lived there. The county seat is Ladysmith.

St. Croix County, Wisconsin

St. Croix County is a county in the U.S. state of Wisconsin. In 2020, 93,536 people lived there. The county seat is Hudson.

Vernon County, Wisconsin

Vernon County is a county in the U.S. state of Wisconsin. In 2020, 30,714 people lived there. The county seat is Viroqua.

Washburn County, Wisconsin

Washburn County is a county in the U.S. state of Wisconsin. In 2020, 16,623 people lived there. The county seat is Shell Lake.

Waupaca County, Wisconsin

Waupaca County is a county in the U.S. state of Wisconsin. In 2020, 51,812 people lived there. The county seat is Waupaca.

Waushara County, Wisconsin

Waushara County is a county in the U.S. state of Wisconsin. In 2020, 24,520 people lived there. The county seat is Wautoma.

Sugar Creek, Missouri

Sugar Creek is a city in Clay and Jackson counties in the U.S. state of Missouri.

List of Japan Twenty20 International cricketers

This is a list of Japanese Twenty20 International cricketers who have played at least one Twenty20 Internation for Japan after playing their first match in October 2022.

First inauguration of Grover Cleveland

The first inauguration of Grover Cleveland as the 22nd president of the United States happened on March 4, 1885. The inauguration was the beginning of the first four-year term of Grover Cleveland as president and the only term of Thomas A. Hendricks as vice president. Vice president Hendricks did not finish his term because he died on November 25, 1885. As there was no system in place to put a replacement for him to serve the rest of his term, his position remained unfilled until the end of Cleveland's term. The ceremony happened at the East Portico of the United States Capitol in Washington, D.C. The event was the 25th presidential inauguration.

Chief Justice Morrison Waite administered the presidential oath of office, and Cleveland used a Bible given to him at age 15 by his mother to take the oath. Cleveland's second inauguration took place eight years after the first, as his two terms in office were not back-to-back. He is the only U.S. president to serve two terms that were not back-to-back.


East Lancs Nordic

The East Lancs Nordic was a 3-axle low-floor double-decker bus body. It was built between 2000 to 2006 by East Lancashire Coachbuilders. It was only built on Volvo B7L chassis.

In 2006, the Nordic and Myllennium Nordic was replaced by the East Lancs Olympus

The East Lancs Myllennium Nordic was a 3-axle low-floor double-decker bus body. It was built between 2005 to 2006 by East Lancashire Coachbuilders. It was only built on Volvo B9TL chassis.


Son of a Preacher Man

"Son of a Preacher Man" is a 1968 song by British singer Dusty Springfield. It was taken from her fifth studio album "Dusty in Memphis". It went to number 1 in Singapore, number 2 in Malaysia, number 3 in Switzerland, number 4 in the Netherlands, number 6 in Australia, number 7 in New Zealand, number 9 in the United Kingdom, number 10 in Austria and the United States and number 11 in Ireland. Following its use in the 1994 movie "Pulp Fiction" it when to number 1 in Iceland. It was recorded by Aretha Franklin following Springfield's version in 1969.

Theodoric Borgognoni

]
Theodoric Borgognoni is known as one of the most important surgeons of the medieval age. He was born in 1205 and died in 1296/1298.

Bronislava of Poland

Bronislava was a nun of the Premonstratensian Order from Poland. She was born in 1204 and died on August 29, 1259.

Josef Epp

Josef Epp (1 March 1920 – 28 February 1989) was an Austrian footballer and manager. He played at the 1948 Summer Olympic Games with the Austrian national football team. He played in the forward position. Epp played mainly for Wiener Sport-Club and LASK.
At the beginning of his sporting career, Epp was also an athlete with the Vienna Cricket and Football Club before deciding to play football. He started with SC Metallum Wien and went to Wiener Sport-Club in 1937. In his first full season in the top division, he was runner-up with the Sport-Club in 1937–38 and was also able to take second place in the scorer list behind Franz Binder with 15 goals.

Even after the annexation of Austria by Germany Epp continued to be one of the most successful strikers in the league and was third in the top scorers list twice in a row in 1939 and 1940. At the end of the war Epp was in Upper Austria . He played for SV Libertas Bad Hall . In early 1946 he went back to Sport-Club. In the spring of 1946, Epp was the subject of a controversy in the daily newspapers about his status as a National Socialist. The player had already worked for the National Socialist secondary school students before the Anschluss and became a Hitler Youth functionary in 1938. The player was briefly banned in February and March 1946 . Then the Vienna Football Association decided that Epp was not required to be registered and allowed to play.

In the years that followed Epp was was regularly his club's top scorer and in 1949 he was second in the top scorer list behind Erich Habitzl. At the end of 1950 he moved on to LASK, who had just been promoted to the top flight. After a year Epp returned to Vienna. He played two more seasons for Vienna.

In 1953 he moved to the Swiss first division club Servette Geneva. After his return, he took over the position of player-coach at SV Stickstoff Linz. Epp accepted an offer from LASK and reached the championship title with them in his last season as an active player in 1958. With 195 championship goals Epp is still one of the most successful goal scorers in Austria's top division.
Epp received his first call-up in August 1937 when he won 6-3 with the amateur national team against Hungary and scored a goal. After the annexation of Austria, Epp was used several times in the Vienna city team. His first game for the Austrian national team followed against Hungary in a 3-2 winin Vienna on 14 April 1946. His last match was on 3 October 1948 in a 2-1 loss also versus Hungary. He played eight matches and scored five goals. 


Roesia de Verdun

Roesia de Verdun was a Norman femme sole. She was one of the most influential women of Ireland in the thirteenth century. Roesia was born in 1204 and died in 1247.

Haakon IV

Haakon IV Haakonsson is known as King of Norway. He was born in 1204 and died in 1263.

Feliz Navidad (song)

"Feliz Navidad" is a 1970 Christmas song by Puerto Rican singer José Feliciano and is the title track to his Christmas album "Feliz Navidad". It is a regular chart single around the festive holiday period. It is about being homesick and missing his family in New York City.

Henry I of Castile

Henry I of Castile is known as king of Castile. He was born in 1204 and died on June 6, 1217 in Palencia.

Maria of Courtenay

Marie de Courtenay was an Empress of Nicaea. She was born in 1204 and died in 1228.

Raymond Nonnatus

Raymond Nonnatus is a saint from Catalonia. He was born in 1204 and died in 1240.

Karma Pakshi, 2nd Karmapa Lama

Karma Pakshi is known as the second Gyalwa Karmapa. He was born in 1204 and died in 1283.

Henry Raspe

Henry Raspe is known as the Landgrave of Thuringia. He was born in 1204 and died on February 16, 1247.

Abu al-Baqa ar-Rundi

Abu Muhammad Salih b. Abi Sharif ar-Rundi is known as an arabic poet, writer, and literary critic. He was born in 1204 and died in 1285.

Abram Kryvosheiev

Abram Kryvosheiev was a middle-distance runner from Belarus. Abram competed in the 800 metres at the 1960 Summer Olympics and the 1964 Summer Olympics. He was born on November 12, 1933 and died in 2014.

Rolando Tucker

Rolando Tucker is a fencer from Cuba. He got a gold medal in the team foil event at the 1996 Summer Olympics and won the 1994 World Championships. He was born on December 31, 1971.

Ronald Jonker

Ronald Jonker is a retired Australian former cyclist. Jonker rode in the individual road race at the 1968 Summer Olympics. He was born on December 14, 1944 in Amsterdam.

List of Papua New Guinea ODI cricketers

This list has all members of the Papua New Guinea cricket team who have played at least one ODI match. It is arranged in the order in which each player won his ODI cap. Where more than one player won his first ODI cap in the same match, those players are listed alphabetically by surname.


Herning

Herning is a town in Denmark. It is in the Central Denmark Region on the Jutland peninsula. It is the main town and the administrative center of Herning Municipality. The town has a population of 50,565 people, including the surrounding areas Tjørring, Snejbjerg, Lind, Birk, Hammerum, and Gjellerup. It is the 11th most populous urban area in Denmark.

There are many small furniture and textile businesses in and around Herning.
The town is home to Messecenter Herning, the largest exhibition center in Scandinavia. It hosts various trade fairs. Herning also has several notable attractions, including the Carl-Henning Pedersen and Else Alfelt's Museum of Art and three buildings designed by architect Jørn Utzon.

Carl-Henning Pedersen and Else Alfelt's Museum of Art (also known as Herning Art Museum) is located in the city.

Three buildings in the city were designed by the architect Jørn Utzon. One is owned by the public, and two are privately owned.

There is a monumental artwork called Elia by sculptor Ingvar Cronhammar. The sculpture is located near the Herning Art Museum.

The old Herningsholm Estate in Herning is open to the public for tours. The Classensborg Estate, now called Skarrildhus, is situated 25 km south of the town. It is closed to the public because it is a private hotel and educational facility. However, the grounds can be visited and are known for their beautiful displays of flowering plants rhododendrons during the spring season.

The Herning Museum displays a history of Herning, as well as the development of moorland agriculture and ancient textile production. The museum also operates educational exhibits that travel to different locations.

Else Alfelt

Else Alfelt (16 September 1910 – 9 August 1974) was a Danish artist known for her abstract paintings. She was one of two female members of the CoBrA art movement, an art group. She was married to Carl-Henning Pedersen, who was also a prominent CoBrA member.

Alfelt was born in Copenhagen to Carl Valdemar Ahlefeldt and Edith Alexandra Regine Julie Thomsen. She started painting at a young age and taught herself as an artist. When her parents divorced, she was sent to an orphanage by her father's new wife. At around 12 years old, she began to learn painting by observing and drawing the people and surroundings at the orphanage.

At 15, Alfelt attended the Technical School in Copenhagen for two years. She applied to the Art Academy in Copenhagen, but was rejected because the school believed she already had the necessary painting skills. 

In 1933, at the age of 23, she attended the International Folk High School in Elsinore. There she met her future husband, Carl-Henning Pedersen. They quickly married, and their daughter, Vibeke Alfelt, was born in 1934. During the period from 1934 to 1937, the couple faced financial struggles but continued to find inspiration. They painted on used canvases to keep creating art. This is how Pedersen began painting, as his wife gave him a used canvas and encouraged him to make it his own.

Ahlefeldt started submitting her artwork to the annual Autumn Salon of Danish artists in 1929. However, her work was not accepted until 1936 when she displayed two realistic portraits. After that, Alfelt's painting style shifted completely to abstract paintings that were meditative and colorful.

During the 1930s to 1950s, she became a part of the avant-garde art movements in Denmark. She was part of Linien, an artists' group and art journal. During World War II, under the German occupation, Alfelt played an important role in Helhesten, another artists' group and art journal. It was a plce for experimental art and resistance against the occupation. After the war, she became an important member of CoBrA.

Alfelt's artwork included spirals, mountains, and spheres, which she associated with "inner space" expressions. She drew inspiration from nature, particularly mountains. She traveled to places like Lapland in 1945 and Japan in 1967 to seek inspiration. In addition to paintings, she also created several mosaic artworks.

In 1961, she received the Tagea Brandt Rejselegat award.
In Herning, there is a Carl Henning Pedersen and Else Alfelts Museum. This museum dedicated to the works of Carl Henning Pedersen and Else Alfelt. In Copenhagen there is a road named Else Alfelts Vej in her honor. In September 2010, the museum organized a major exhibition called "Else Alfelt – The Aesthetics of Emptiness" to celebrate her 100th birthday. The exhibition ran for five months and highlighted her importance as one of the most significant women artists in Danish modernism.

October 2013 Australian Labor Party leadership election

A leadership election was held in October 2013 to replace Kevin Rudd as leader of the Australian Labor Party and Leader of the Opposition.

Éloïc Peyrache

Éloïc Peyrache (born 1975) is a French Economist.

From 2008, he has been number 2 of HEC Paris and Head of its Master in management program, then interim Head of HEC Paris in October 2020, and finally Head of HEC Paris in January 2021.

Graduate from ENS Cachan in 1995 (economics-quantitative methods-management), Éloïc Peyrache was admitted to the "agrégation" in economics-management in 1998. He got his Doctor of Philosophy in economics from the Toulouse School of Economics in 2003 after having defended the thesis at the "Université Toulouse 1 Capitole".

Éloïc Peyrache joined HEC Paris in 2003 where he teaches business economics and network economics, he has been a member of GREGHEC since 2004. After having been head of the CEMS program from 2004 to 2005, he was appointed associate professor in 2009. After the departure of Peter Todd for medical reasons, he became Interim Head of HEC Paris in October 2020.

His research interests are in contract theory, industrial economics and competition policy. He is a member of the American Economic Association and the Econometric Society.

Colour Strike

The Color Strike was industrial action by technicians working for the ITV network. It was from 13 November 1970 to 8 February 1971. The strike was caused by a pay dispute between the Association of Cinematograph, Television and Allied Technicians (ACTT) and the management of the ITV companies.

At the time, ITV had recently switched to transmitting programs in color. This needed new equipment. The cameras had four tubes: three were for the color information (Red, Green and Blue) and one for the black and white information (called luminance). The black and white information was need as most houses didn't have sets to show a color picture. The striking technicians turned off the color tubes causing the cameras to only pick up the black and white signal and therefore causing the programs to be recorded in black and white.

Because of the strike, the ITV companies couldn't sell advertisement spaces for the increased price that color demanded.



Elia (sculpture)

Elia is a sculpture in Herning, Denmark, created by Ingvar Cronhammar. The sculpture is a big round dome with four tall columns that are 32 meters (105 ft) high. The dome has a diameter of 60 meters (200 ft). Inside the sculpture, there is a large tube that shoots flames randomly into the air. The flames can go up to 8 meters (26 ft) high and last for about 25 seconds. These bursts of flames happen randomly, usually every two months. However, they won't happen if the weather is too windy or if people are too close to the sculpture. The sculpture opened in September 2001. It costed 23 million Danish krone.

On October 30, 2016, a 21-year-old man fell down the center of the sculpture and died. Two months later, on December 29, 2016, a woman also died by jumping into the center, which was believed to be a suicide. As a result of these incidents, a safety net was installed around the sculpture. During the installation, one of the workers fell from a height and was taken to the hospital by ambulance. On March 23, 2021, a 46-year-old man died while performing maintenance inside one of the steel pipes of the sculpture.

Ingvar Cronhammar

Ingvar Cronhammar (17 December 1947 – 20 May 2021) was a sculptor from Sweden and Denmark known for his large, dark, and provocative works.

Ingvar Cronhammar was born in Hässleholm in the south of Sweden. He moved to Denmark in 1965, where he studied at the Jutland Art Academy in Aarhus. 

His early works were influenced by American environmental art. They featured live chickens with lamps strapped to their backs and chairs covered with pigskin. As his career progressed, Cronhammar created larger works. Examples include "The Gate", a steel machine representing death, and "Elia" (1989–2001), a massive steel sculpture that spews fire.

His interest in machines also led him to create artworks using animal bones, bird wings, and skin. In his pieces, he combined elements from nature and human culture.

Cronhammar made his sculptures from materials like mahogany, steel, and rubber. They can be found in museums and public spaces in Denmark. The Herning Museum of Contemporary Art has a big collection of his works.

Ingvar Cronhammar died on May 20, 2021, at the age of 73. 

In 1993, Cronhammar was awarded the Eckersberg Medal. In 2003, he was awarded Thorvaldsen Medal. He was decorated a Knight of the Order of the Dannebrog in 2007. 

Environmental art

Environmental art is a form of avant-garde contemporary art. It includes different types of artistic practices that involve nature, ecology, and social issues.

It has changed over time, moving away from focusing on formal aspects, like using earth for large sculptures, and now explores deeper connections with natural systems, processes, and social concerns.

In recent years, environmental art has gained significant attention and is often featured in exhibitions worldwide. This is because social and cultural aspects of climate change became more noticeable.

The term "environmental art" is often associated with ecological concerns, but it is not limited to them. It primarily celebrates the artist's relationship with nature and often use natural materials. It is closely related to historical earth and land art, as well as ecological art. Environmental artists draw inspiration from science and philosophy.

Environmental art has roots in the Paleolithic cave paintings of early humans, although landscapes have not been found in these artworks. Artists throughout history have been drawn to nature as a subject for their creative expressions. Landscape painting allowed artists to observe and connect with the environment. John Constable and Monet are artists who closely observed and represented the natural world in their works. In contemporary times, artists like Diane Burko and Alexis Rockman use art to highlight ecological issues such as climate change and human impact on other species. They bring attention to these topics through their depictions of nature and societal interventions.

Operation Atalanta

Operation Atalanta is a counter-piracy operation that is currently happening. Operation Atalanta is also the first naval operation done by the European Union. The operation is happening in the Gulf of Aden, the Somali Basin, the Red Sea the Gulf of Suez and the Gulf of Aqaba.

Under EU Council Joint Action 851 Operation ATALANTA:

Operation Atalanta officially started on 8 December 2008.

On 1 January 2009, eight Somali suspects were captured by a French aviso "Premier-Maître L'Her". The suspects were trying to steal a cargo ship registered in Panama 50 nautical miles south of Yemen.

On 14 April 2009, the French frigate "Nivôse" captured eleven suspects, together with their mother ship. The French ship responded to a call from a 21,000 tonne ship registered in Liberia. The ship was being attacked by small arms and RPG attack.

On 26 May 2009, the EU naval Task Force ship HSwMs "Malmö" responded to a distress call by the European cargo ship MV "Antonis" and arrested seven suspected pirates.

Blue Orchid

"Blue Orchid" is a 2005 song by American rock duo The White Stripes. It is the leading single from their fifth studio album "Get Behind Me Satan". It went to number 1 in Canada, number 9 in the United Kingdom, number 18 in Norway, number 20 in Denmark and number 43 in the United States.

US and UK 7-inch single

US maxi-CD single

UK CD1

UK CD2

Optare Olympus

The Optare Olympus (known as East Lancs Olympus and Darwen Olympus) was a 2-axle and 3-axle low-floor double-decker bus body. It was built between 2006 to 2011 by East Lancashire Coachbuilders and then Darwen Group and then Optare respectively. It was built on Scania N230UD chassis, Scania N270UD chassis, Volvo B9TL chassis (2 or 3 axle) and Alexander Dennis Enviro400 chassis.

In 2011, the Olympus was replaced by the Optare MetroDecker
East Lancs went into administration in August 2007 and was bought by the Darwen Group. The body was renamed Darwen Olympus.

Following the reverse takeover of Optare by Darwen Group in June 2008, the Olympus was again renamed Optare Olympus

An open-top double-decker bus version of the Olympus, called the Visionaire, was also built.


Optare Visionaire

The Optare Visionaire (known as East Lancs Visionaire) was a 2-axle and 3-axle low-floor open-top bus body. It was built between 2006 to c.2011 by East Lancashire Coachbuilders and then Darwen Group and then Optare respectively. It was built on Scania N230UD chassis, Scania N270UD chassis and 
Volvo B9TL chassis, (2 or 3 axle)

East Lancs went into Administration in August 2007 and was bought by the Darwen Group. The body was renamed Darwen Visionaire.

Following the reverse takeover of Optare by Darwen Group in June 2008, the Visionaire was again renamed Optare Visionaire

Martin Amerhauser

Martin Amerhauser (born 23 July 1974) is an Austrian former professional footballer. He played as a midfielder for SV Austria Salzburg and Grazer AK in the Austrian Bundesliga. He also played for the Austrian national football team.

Amerhauser began his career at Austria Salzburg. His name is linked to Salzburg's memorable European Cup performance in the 1993/94 season. He scored the goal for promotion against Sporting Lisbon in December 1993. Only 19 years of age, he went on to play in both legs of the UEFA Cup 1993-94 which they lost to Inter Milan. In the spring season of 1995 he went on loan to GAK in the 2nd division and immediately became champion and promoted to the Bundesliga. In the summer of 1996 he returned to Austria and won the championship again with his home club. From the 1999/2000 season until the summer of 2009 Amerhauser played again for GAK and was part of the most successful GAK era. They could celebrate a championship title, three cup wins and two Supercup wins. From the 2007/08 season , after the forced relegation of the GAK , he played in the Regionalliga. From the summer of 2009 he worked as an assistant coach until the end of the year. From 2010 to 2011 he played for FC Lankowitz.
Amerhauser made his debut for Austria in a March 1998 friendly match against Hungary in which he immediately scored his first international goal. He then was a participant at the 1998 FIFA World Cup but did not play. His last international was a September 2005 World Cup qualifying match against Azerbaijan.
During the winter break 2011 he became head coach at the regional league club SC Weiz. From 2012 to 2014 he looked after ASK Voitsberg in the Styrian Landesliga.
SV Austria Salzburg
Grazer AK

List of Swedish-language writers

This is a list of Swedish-language novelists, poets and other writers.





















Whats Poppin

"Whats Poppin" is the first single off of American rapper Jack Harlow's debut studio album "Thats What They All Say". The song was released on January 21, 2020. The song was nominated for "Best Rap Song" at the 63rd Grammy Awards but lost to Megan Thee Stallion's "Savage".

On November 4, 2021, a music video for the song was released. The music video was directed by Cole Bennett and uploaded on his Lyrical Lemonade channel. It features Harlow rapping in and outside of a diner.

On June 24, 2020, an official remix was released. It featured Canadian rapper Tory Lanez and American rapper Lil Wayne and DaBaby.


Tipsy

"Tipsy" is the first single off of American rapper J-Kwon's debut studio album "Hood Hop". The song was released on April 6, 2004. The song was able to make it to #2 on the Billboard Hot 100. it is J-Kwon's most well known song.

A music video for the song was released. It opens with a shot of the Gateway Arch in St. Louis, Missouri. The rest of the video features J-Kwon hosting a house party with everyone partying. It ends with a reference to the 1983 movie "Risky Business" and J-Kwon getting caught by his parents the day after.


Right Thurr

"Right Thurr" is the first single off of American rapper Chingy's debut studio album "Jackpot". The remix was the fourth single from the album. The song was released on April 14, 2003. The song was able to make it to #2 on the Billboard Hot 100.

A music video for the song was released. It was directed by Jessy Terrero. It features Chingy rapping on the porch of a run down house and flirting with girls that pass by. In the next part, they are partying in a casino-themed nightclub. It ends with Chingy rapping inside and in front of a diner.

In 2004, an official remix was released. It featured rappers Jermaine Dupri and Trina. The remix won the "Remix of the Year" at the 2004 Source Awards.


Baba Draweshwar Nath

1. http://wikimapia.org/18225401/Darveshwar-Nath-Temple

2. https://homeojankari.in/baba-draweshwar-nath-shiv-mandir-deokuli-dham/ 
Shivajingar

Shivajinagar block has 17 Panchyat villages. Livelihood is earned by farming here. Shivajinagar is on the banks of the Kareh river. It is the land of Udayana. 

Shivajinagar is connected to the district and district. in Samastipur district in the Indian state of Bihar. 
 Indian philosopher and logician. 

1. https://www.census2011.co.in/data/subdistrict/1286-shivaji-nagar-samastipur-bihar.html

2. http://www.onefivenine.com/india/villages/Samastipur/Shivaji-Nagar/Shivaji-Nagar

3. https://villagemap.in/bihar/samastipur/shivaji+nagar.html

4. https://cleartax.in/ifsc-code/state-bank-of-india/samastipur/shivajinagar/SBIN0018035/

5. https://etrace.in/pincode/bihar/samastipur/shivaji-nagar/shivaji-nagar/ 

6. https://samastipur.nic.in/department/circle-officer/page/2/

7. https://www.indiagrowing.com/Bihar/Samastipur/Shivaji_Nagar

8. https://news9network.com/n-mandal-is-touching-new-dimension-of-film-industry-and-business-in-bihar/

9. https://theliterarymirror.in/naresh-mandal-a-director-with-affinity-for-societal-themes/

Dasaut

Dasaut Village DASAUT Panchayat Shivajinagar is in Samastipur District. People of this village are living in very peaceful manner. This village having very proud history. Agriculture is the main profession of this village. Still this village is waiting for Industrial development. The Dasaut village has population of 8610 of which 4533 are males while 4077 are females as per Population Census 2011. It is 12km away from sub-district headquarter Shivaji Nagar (tehsildar office) and 40km away from district headquarter Samastipur.

N Mandal Indian Film Editor and Director.

848209


Romer's tree frog

Romer's bubble-nest frog, Romer's Philautus, Romer's tree frog, or Romer's small tree frog ("Romerus romeri") is a frog. It lives in Hong Kong. Scientists have seen it between 0–650 meters above sea level.

The adult frog is 15 to 25 mm long from nose to rear end. It is the smallest frog in Hong Kong that was not brought by human beings from somewhere else. Male frogs have white places on the first two toes of each front foot. The skin of the frog's back is brown in color. There is a brown line between the eyes. It has an X-shaped mark on its back. There are dark marks on the back legs. The skin of the frog's belly is cream-white in color. Some reports say there are dark spots on the belly and others say there are no spots.

This frog is awake at night. This frog lives in forests, on farms, and in places in between forests and farms. This frog looks for slow-moving water to lay its eggs. It looks for water with no fish and almost no food in the water.

The government of Hong Kong calls this frog a Protected Wild Animal. In 1999, one of the places where the frog lives, Ngong Ping on Lantau Island, was named a Site of Special Scientific Interest.

There are fewer of this frog than there were. This is because human beings change the places where it lives, because human beings brought new frogs to Hong Kong, and because human beings brought new animals that want to eat this frog.

Rohanixalus

Rohanixalus is a genus of tree frogs in the family Rhacophoridae. They live in the Andaman islands and in Indo-Burma region. Indian amphibian scientist S.D. Biju of the University of Delhi and his colleagues made the genus in 2020. There are eight species in it.

Scientists named the genus after Sri Lankan taxonomy sicentist Rohan Pethiyagoda. Pethiyagoda is a fish scientist. He has found and written papers about almost 100 new species from Sri Lanka.

These frogs are small with slim bodies. They are about long from nose to rear end. They have a pair of colored lines on either side of the body. Some have brown spots. Female frogs lay light greenish eggs in bubble-nests in trees. Female mothers take care of the eggs and helps the tadpoles reach the water.

These frogs live in the Andaman islands, Myanmar, Thailand, Malaysia, Indonesia, Vietnam, Laos, Cambodia, and southern China.

Lawi Yohana

Lawi Yohana is a Tanzanian academic Lecturer of Environmental Science and currently is the university coordinator of Teaching and Learning Services Unit and former Director of Examination Syndicate at Open University of Tanzania. 

Lawi, among other East Africa scholars, has championed education stakeholders in both the public and private sectors to cope with the evolving technological changes geared toward the use of information and communication technology to harmonize education in higher learning institutions in the region. 



Ben Gardane Delegation

Ben Gardane Delegation (, ""; ) is a delegation (county) of the Medenine Governorate in Southeastern Tunisia. census it had a population of 79,912, close to the border with Libya. It is located at around .

There has one town (municipality) in the Ben Gardane Delegation, Ben Guerdane city.

The Delegation encompasses the south-easternmost coastal strip, totalling 4732 km² and had a population of 79,912 at the 2014 census. The capital is Ben Guerdane city.

Electoral district of Port Macquarie

Port Macquarie is an electoral district of New South Wales. It was created in 1988.

It is a conservative electorate and has only ever elected Coalition MPs, with the exception of when it was briefly held by an independent. The current MP is Leslie Williams, a member of the Liberal Party.

Electoral district of Oxley

Oxley is an electoral district of New South Wales. It was created in 1920, abolished in 1988 and recreated in 1991.

It is a conservative electorate and with the exception of one independent, has only ever elected members of conservative parties when it has elected only one member. The current MP is Michael Kemp of the National Party.

Electoral district of Coffs Harbour

Coffs Harbour is an electoral district of New South Wales. It was created in 1981.

It is a conservative electorate and has only ever been held by the National Party. The current MP is Gurmesh Singh.

Electoral district of Clarence

Clarence is an electoral district of New South Wales. It was created in 1859, abolished in 1920 and recreated in 1927.

It is generally considered a conservative electorate, having been held by the National Party as an electorate with one member for all but seven years. The current MP is Richie Williamson, who is from the National Party.

Electoral district of Lismore

Lismore is an electoral district of New South Wales. It was created in 1894, abolished in 1904, recreated in 1913, reabolished in 1920 and recreated again in 1927.

The current MP is Janelle Saffin of the Labor Party.

Electoral district of Ballina

Ballina is an electoral district of New South Wales. It was created in 1894, abolished in 1904 and recreated in 1988.

The current MP is Tamara Smith, who is a member of the Greens.

Electoral district of Tweed

Tweed is an electoral district of New South Wales. It was created in 1894, abolished in 1904 and recreated in 1999.

The current MP is Geoff Provest of the National Party.

Electoral district of Northern Tablelands

Northern Tablelands is an electoral district of New South Wales. It ws created in 1920, abolished in 1927 and recreated in 1981.

It is a conservative electorate. It is currently held by Adam Marshall of the National Party.

Wiccan (character)

Wiccan (real name William <nowiki>"</nowiki>Billy<nowiki>"</nowiki> Kaplan-Altman) is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics. He is the reincarnated son of Wanda Maximoff and Vision and the twin brother of Tommy Shepard. He is a member of the Young Avengers and was named after Simon Williams and has a romantic relationship with Hulkling.

An illusory Billy appears in the Marvel Cinematic Universe Disney+ miniseries "WandaVision" (2021), played by Baylen Bielitz and Julian Hilliard. Hilliard returned as a human version of Billy from an alternate reality in the film "Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness" (2022).

Electoral district of Tamworth

Tamworth is an electoral district of New South Wales. It was created in 1880, abolished in 1920 and recreated in 1927.

It is a conservative and has only ever been held by either conservative parties or independents. The current MP is Kevin Anderson of the National Party.

Electoral district of Upper Hunter

Upper Hunter is an electoral district of New South Wales. It was created in 1856, abolished in 1856, recreated in 1904, reabolished in 1920 and recreated again in 1927.

It is a conservative electorate and has only ever been held by conservative parties as an electorate with one member. It is currently held by Dave Layzell of the National Party.

The swings above have been calculated from the 2021 Upper Hunter state by-election.

Electoral district of Myall Lakes

Myall Lakes is an electoral district of New South Wales. It was created in 1988.

It is a conservative electorate and has only ever been held by the National Party. The current MP is Tanya Thompson.

Eleaticism

Eleaticism was a way of thinking about the world that some ancient Greek people had. They lived in a place called Elea, which is now in Italy. They thought that everything that exists is really one thing, and that thing is called Being. Being does not change or move or have parts. It is always the same and always whole. They also thought that we can know Being by using our reason, not by looking at things or feeling them. They said that what we see and feel is not real, but only an illusion. Some of the most famous Eleatic thinkers were Parmenides, Zeno, and Melissus. They wrote poems and arguments to explain their ideas.

Eleaticism was a way of thinking that started in the 5th century BC in ancient Greece. It was named after a place called Elea, where some of the thinkers lived. Elea was a town in southern Italy, near the sea. The first and most famous Eleatic thinker was Parmenides. He wrote a poem about his ideas. He had two students, Zeno and Melissus, who also wrote about Eleaticism. They tried to support Parmenides’ ideas with different arguments. Eleaticism was different from other ways of thinking at that time. It challenged the ideas of people like Xenophanes, Heraclitus, and Pythagoras. Eleaticism also influenced later thinkers like Plato and Aristotle.

Eleaticism was based on the idea that there is only one thing that is real and true, and that is Being. Being is something that does not change, move, or have parts. It is always the same and always whole. Everything else that we see or feel is not real, but only an illusion. Eleaticism also said that we can know Being by using our reason, not by using our senses. Reason tells us what is true and clear, while senses tell us what is false and confusing. Eleaticism also said that Being, thought, and expression are the same thing. This means that what we think and say must be about Being, and nothing else.
Electoral district of Dubbo

Dubbo is an electoral district of New South Wales. It was created in 1894, abolished in 1904 and recreated in 1930.

It is generally a conservative electorate. It is held by Dugald Saunders, the leader of the National Party.

Leviathan (Mastodon album)

Leviathan is the second album by Mastodon. Mastodon is an American heavy metal band. Relapse Records released the album on August 31, 2004. "Leviathan" is Mastodon's first concept album. It is based on the book "Moby-Dick" by Herman Melville. The album had three singles. These are "Iron Tusk," "Naked Burn," and "Blood and Thunder".

Slint

Slint was an American rock band. It was made in 1986. It was made in Louisville, Kentucky. The band's members were Brian McMahan (guitar, singing), David Pajo (guitar), Britt Walford (drums, singing), and Todd Brashear (bass guitar). The band's first album was released in 1989. It is named "Tweez". Two years later, the band released "Spiderland". Many music critics say this album helped make post-rock and math rock. It inspired many experimental music groups.

Spiderland

Spiderland is the second studio album by Slint. Slint was an American rock band. Touch and Go Records released it on March 27, 1991. The band recorded the album in four days in August 1990. When Slint recorded the album, the members of the band were Brian McMahan (singing and guitar), David Pajo (guitar), Todd Brashear (bass guitar) and Britt Walford (drums). "Spiderland" was engineered by Brian Paulson.

The band ended before the album was released. It ended because McMahan had depression. In the US, the album was not popular when it was released. However, many music critics in the United Kingdom liked the album. The album got a cult following. Many music writers think "Spiderland" was important in making post-rock and math rock popular in the 1990s. In 2005, Slint got back together to do a concert tour. They played the full album at every concert.

All music written by Slint. Words by Brian McMahan and Britt Walford.

I Fought the Law

"I Fought the Law" is a 1960 song by The Cricketers and was taken from their album "In Style With the Cricketers". It was made popular by Bobby Fuller Four where it made number 9 in Canada and number 11 in the United States and by The Clash where it charted in New Zealand at number 17 in 1988.

Peter Waddington

Peter Waddington is a rower from Australia. Peter competed in the men's coxed four event at the 1960 Summer Olympics. Peter was born on January 13, 1937.

Sarah Ann Ogilvie

Sarah Ann Ogilvie is a Canadian former rower. Sarah competed in the women's coxless pair event at the 1988 Summer Olympics. Sarah was born on April 10, 1959.

David Mundy

David Lloyd Mundy is a baseballer and cricketer from Australia. He was an inaugural selectee to the Baseball Australia Hall of Fame in 2005. David was born on June 30, 1947.

Carlos Atlagic

Carlos Wladimiro Atlagic Pinto (21 September 1915 - 22 August 1987) was a footballer from Chile. Atlagic played in four matches for the Chile national football team in the 1945 South American Championship.

Magali Faure-Humbert

Magali Humbert-Faure is a former cyclist from France. Magali competed in the women's 500 metres time trial at the 2000 Summer Olympics. Magali was born on January 21, 1972.

Johann Grégoire

Johann Grégoire is a freestyle skier from France. Johann competed in the men's moguls event at the 2002 Winter Olympics. Johann was born on October 14, 1972.

Marie Jones

Marie Jones was a tennis player from Belgium. Marie competed in the women's doubles event at the 1920 Summer Olympics. She was born in 1896.

Leslie Reifer

Leslie St Auburn Reifer is a cricket umpire from Barbados. His first match was Twenty20 International match between India and the West Indies at Central Broward Regional Park on 28 August 2016. He was born on September 5, 1989.

Gregory Brathwaite

Gregory O'Brian Brathwaite is a cricket umpire. He was born on December 9, 1969 in Barbados.

Arshdeep Singh

Arshdeep Singh is a professional cricketer. He plays for the India national cricket team. He was born on February 5, 1999.

Martin Hiden

Martin Hiden (born 11 March 1973 in Stainz) is a former Austrian football player. He played as defender for different clubs. He also played for the Austrian national football team.

He played for clubs such as Sturm Graz, SV Austria Salzburg (where he claimed his first league title), Rapid Wien, Leeds United (England) and FK Austria Wien. Joining Leeds United in 1998, he was the first-ever Austrian outfield player to play in the Premier League. 2003 he returned to Rapid Wien, winning the Austrian championship once more in 2005.

In 2006 he was the new captain of Rapid and in 2007, after the injuries of Andreas Ivanschitz and Martin Stranzl. He was also captain of the national team for two matches.

He made his debut for Austria in a March 1998 friendly match against Hungary and was a participant at the 1998 FIFA World Cup but did not play. He earned 50 caps, scoring one goal. He also was part of the Euro 2008 squad.

Hiden has a UEFA B License. He was head coach of FC Pasching from 5 September 2013<ref name="SPG FC Pasching/LASK Linz (A) » Manager history"></ref> to when he was appointed interim head coach of LASK Linz. His first match was a 3–1 win against Villacher SV. His final match was a 3–1 win against Union Gurten. Hiden was named interim head coach of LASK Linz after Karl Daxbacher was sacked. The club had won two of their last eight matches and lost one of their last six. In his debut on 17 March 2015, Linz and SV Horn finished in a 1–1 draw. After one season with Admira Wacker he now works for SK Rapid Wien as individualcoach for the second team.



Best Thing I Never Had

"Best Thing I Never Had" is a 2011 song by Beyoncé and is the second single from her fourth studio album "4". It went to number 1 in Croatia and South Korea and went to the top 30 in Australia, Brazil, Canada, Czech Republic, Denmark, Germany, Ireland, Israel, Japan, New Zealand, Portugal, Scotland, Slovakia, South Africa, the United Kingdom and the United States. The song is likened to the Vanessa Carlton song "A Thousand Miles". It charted poorly in France where it made number 61.




List of Spanish Twenty20 International cricketers

This is a list of SpanishTwenty20 International cricketers who have played at least one Twenty20 International since their first match in March 2019.

Sivan Rotem

Sivan Rotem is an Israeli opera singer, voice development teacher and a painter. 

Sivan Rotem was born in Buenos Aires. After moving to Israel, she lived in Kibbutz Afikim and then in Hofit. Her daughter, Noga Rotem, composes music for movies.

Rotem began her musical career as a violinist, but later trained as a classical singer under the guidance of Mira Zakai at the Academy of Music at Tel Aviv University.

Rotem had many performances as an opera singer. She appeared at the Seattle Opera as Violetta in La Traviata and as Susanna in The Marriage of Figaro. At the San Jose Opera, she appeared as Mozetta in La bohème and as Rosalinda in Die Fledermaus . In Israel, Rotem appeared in the The Israeli Opera Tel Aviv-Yafo in the operas La Bohème (1987), Urfao and Eurydice (1992), Così fan tutte (1999), Don Pasquale (1993), Werther (1996, 1999) and Elektra (2000). Other operas in which she participated were The Magic Flute (conducted by Zubin Mehta), A Midsummer Night's Dream, Carmen, Don Giovanni and The Impresario. 

During her career Rotem sang with many orchestras. Among other things, she sang as a soloist with the symphony orchestras of Los Angeles, San Diego, Vancouver, Bochum and Krakow. In Israel she performed with all the important orchestras, including the Jerusalem Symphony Orchestra, The Israeli Chamber Orchestra, the Kibbutz Chamber Orchestra, the The Haifa Symphony Orchestra, Simpont Ra'anana and The Israeli Sinfonietta Beer Sheva. 

Rotem performed with David Broza and Sinfont Ra'anana at Nights of Spain, sang Ladino songs at Pestilladino, Flamenco songs with Baldy O'Leary, and performed at the liturgical festival in Nazareth and Schubertiade. 

Rotem won song awards in international competitions in Barcelona and New York, as well as first place in the Kol Yisrael Young Artist competition. She also won scholarships from America-Israel Cultural Foundation.

Rotem recorded the Symphony No. 2 of Aharon Haralaf, "The Bird of War", with the Haifa Symphony Orchestra and Tahi Al-Ahavah, Spanish love songs, with the pianist Jonathan Zak . Rotem and Zeke also recorded the songs of the German Jewish composer Giacomo Meyerbeer . 

Sivan Rotem is also a painter who exhibits her paintings in galleries in Israel. 

R62A (New York City Subway car)

￼ The R62A is a class of 825 SMEE trains manufactured by Bombardier Transportation for the New York City Subway's A Division. The R62A's shell were constructed in La Pocatière, Quebec before being assembled in Auburn, New York and Barre, Vermont.

Eurozone crisis

The Eurozone crisis also known as the European debt crisis, was a multi-year debt crisis that happened in the European Union. 

The crisis happened due to a currency crisis, which is a stop of the flow from foreign capital into countries that were dependent on foreign lending. The crisis became worse by the incapability of the countries to devalue (reduction of the currencies value) due to the Euro being a shared currency.

The EU's Maastricht Treaty contains information that forbids that partner countries bail out another partner country, mainly to stop the spreading of public debt. The clause is designed to encourage good fiscal policies.

The European Central Bank's purchase of country bonds can be viewed as violating the pa trt of the treaty forbiddinghe financing of budget deficits.

R142A (New York City Subway car)

The R142A is the second order of New Technology Trains that operates on the A Division of the New York City Subway. These units were manufactured by Kawasaki Heavy Industries in the United States at Yonkers, New York and Lincoln, Nebraska, and in Japan at Kobe, Hyōgo. The first R142As were delivered on December 20, 1999. Following their introduction to the system, the R142As experienced minor issues while undergoing testing but was placed into a 30-day revenue acceptance test on July 10, 2000. After successful completion, the R142As began to enter revenue service along the IRT Lexington Avenue Line (4 & 6) on November 2, 2000. In 2011-2016, 380 R142A units were retrofitted with CBTC (Communications Based Train Control) and were subsequently converted into the R188s and ran along the IRT Flushing Line (7 & <7>). The remainder of the R142A fleet were proposed with mid-life upgrades and refurbished as part of the 2017-2021 New York City Transit Crisis.

Edward of Middleham, Prince of Wales

Edward V Who was dead at the age of 12 was said to be killed by Henry VII but some say he was killed by Richard III it remains a mystery the same thing could have happened to Edward VI

Bibhuti Roy

Bibhuti Roy is a professor. He works at the University of Bremen and is a visiting professor at international universities. 

Roy was born in East Pakistan. He has a Bachelor of Science and received his Ph.D. in engineering after completing a doctoral dissertation, titled "Simulation as an action-oriented learning medium in professional education". Roy began his career in Bremen. He was the vice head of department of the Institute Technology and Education (ITB).

Difference engine

Difference engine is a calculator that was thought up by Charles Babbage.

Jun Tsuji

Jun Tsuji () was a Japanese writer who lived from 1884 to 1944. He wrote poems, essays, plays, and translations. He was also a musician, an actor, and a bohemian. He liked to explore different ideas and ways of living. He was interested in Dadaism, Nihilism, Epicureanism, and Anarchism. He translated a book by Max Stirner, who was a German philosopher. He also translated a book by Cesare Lombroso, who was an Italian scientist. He was married to Itō Noe, who was a feminist and an anarchist. He died of hunger during World War II.

Fritz Pfeffer

Friedrich "Fritz" Pfeffer (1889—1944) was a German-born Jewish dentist who hid with Anne Frank in Amsterdam during the Holocaust (1941—1945). According to camp records, he died on 20 December 1944 in Neugamme (outside of Hamburg).

Pfeffer was born Friedrich "Fritz" Pfeffer on 30 April 1889.

Electoral district of Cootamundra

Cootamundra is an electoral district of New South Wales. It was created in 1904, abolished in 1941 and recreated in 2015.

It is a conservative electorate. 

Romerus feii

Fei's small tree frog ("Romerus feii") is a frog. It lives in China and Vietnam. Scientists have seen it between 350 and 800 meters above sea level.
The adult male frog is about 16.2 to 17.6 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is 18.0 to 18.7 mm long. This frog has a mark in the shape of an X on its back. There is a mark between the eyes.

Scientists named this frog after amphibian scientist Professor Liang Fei.

Electoral district of Bathurst

Bathurst is an electoral district of New South Wales. It was created in 1859.

It is generally a conservative electorate.

Electoral district of Blue Mountains

Blue Mountains is an electoral district of New South Wales. It was created in 1968.

Brisbane City Council

Brisbane City Council (BCC) is a local government authority for the City of Brisbane, a local government area (LGA) representing most of Brisbane and the largest LGA in Australia.

The Brisbane City Council acts a bit like a unicameral (single-chamber) parliament, similar to the Queensland Parliament or the two territory parliaments. It has 27 councillors, 26 of which are elected from one of the 26 wards of Brisbane, while the remaining one is the Lord Mayor, who is directly elected. Elections are held every four years.

Electoral district of Orange

Orange is an electoral district of New South Wales. It was created in 1859, abolished in 1920 and recreated in 1927.

It is a conservative electorate. 

Electoral district of Barwon

Barwon is an electoral district of New South Wales. It was created in 1894, abolished in 1904 and recreated in 1927.

It is a conservative electorate.

Barwon covers about 44% of the state's land area, making it by far the largest electoral district in New South Wales.

Electoral district of Murray

Murray is an electoral district of New South Wales. It was created in 1859, abolished in 1999 and recreated in 2015.

It is a conservative electorate. 

Electoral district of Albury

Albury is an electoral district of New South Wales. It was created in 1880, abolished in 1920 and recreated in 1927.

It is a conservative electorate. 

Electoral district of Wagga Wagga

Wagga Wagga is an electoral district of New South Wales. It was created in 1894, abolished in 1904, recreated in 1913, reabolished in 1920 and recreated in 1927.

It is normally a conservative electorate. It is currently held by Joe McGirr, an independent.

Electoral district of Goulburn

Goulburn is an electoral district of New South Wales. It was created in 1859, abolished in 1991 and recreated in 2007.

Electoral district of Monaro

Monaro is an electoral district of New South Wales. It was created in 1859, abolished 1920 and recreated in 1927.

It is considered a bellwether seat, meaning it is usually won by the party that forms government (either in a minority or a majority). 

The swings above are calculated from the 2022 Monaro state by-election.

Electoral district of Bega

Bega is an electoral district of New South Wales. It was created in 1894, abolished in 1920 and recreated in 1988.

The swings above are calculated from the 2022 Bega state by-election.

Electoral district of South Coast

South Coast is an electoral district of New South Wales. It was created in 1927.

Electoral district of Kiama

Kiama is an electoral district of New South Wales. It was created in 1859, abolished in 1904 and recreated in 1981.

Electoral district of Cessnock

Cessnock is an electoral district of New South Wales. It was created in 1913, abolished in 1920 and recreated in 1927.

Electoral district of Maitland

Maitland is an electoral district of New South Wales. It was created in 1904.

Electoral district of Port Stephens

Port Stephens is an electoral district of New South Wales. It was created in 1988.

David Schnegg

David Schnegg (born 29 September 1998) is an Austrian professional footballer. He plays as a left-back for Sturm Graz in the Austrian Bundesliga.

Schnegg started playing football for FG Schönwies/Mils and for the Academy Tyrol. 2017– 2018 he played for SC Imst in the Tyrol League, the 4th level in Austrian football. In January 2018 he went on to WSG Wattens in the Erste Liga.

He made his professional debut playing for WSG Wattens against FC Wacker Innsbruck on 9 March 2018.

For the 2018–19 season he went to FC Liefering.

On 17 August 2020 he returned to WSG Swarovski Tirol on a season-long loan. Schnegg moved to Italian club Venezia in June 2021. On 15 January 2022, he joined Crotone on loan.

On 15 June 2022 Schnegg returned to Austria and signed a four-year contract with Sturm Graz.


Avesh Khan

Avesh Khan is an international cricketer from India. In 2015 Avesh was named in India's squad for the 2016 Under-19 Cricket World Cup.

Bhuvneshwar Kumar

Bhuvneshwar Kumar Singh is an international cricketer from India. He is playing for the Indian cricket team. Bhuvneshwar was born on February 5, 1990.

Dinesh Karthik

Krishnakumar Dinesh Karthik is a professional cricketer and commentator from India. Krishnakumar plays for the Indian Cricket Team. He was born on June 1, 1985.

Ravindra Jadeja

Ravindrasinh Anirudhsinh Jadeja is an international cricketer from India. Ravindrasinh took part in the Indian Premier League as the captain of the Chennai Super Kings. He was born on December 6, 1988.

Shreyas Iyer

Shreyas Santosh Iyer is an international cricketer from India. He plays for the Indian cricket team. Shreyas was born on December 6, 1994.

Suryakumar Yadav

Suryakumar Ashok Yadav is a professional cricketer from India. Yadav plays for the Indian national cricket team and for the Mumbai cricket team in Indian domestic cricket. In the Indian premier league, he plays for Mumbai Indians and serves as the vice-captain for the team. He was born on September 14, 1990.

Odean Smith

Odean Fabian Smith is cricketer from Jamaica. His international debut was in the West Indies cricket team in April 2018. He was born on November 1, 1996.

Obed McCoy

Obed Christopher McCoy is a Saint Vincent and the Grenadines cricketer. He plays for the West Indies cricket team. His international debut was in the West Indies cricket team in October 2018. He was born on January 4, 1997.

Kyle Mayers

Kyle Rico Mayers is a cricketer from Barbados. Kyle plays for West Indies cricket team. He was born on September 8, 1992.

Alzarri Joseph

Alzarri Shaheim Joseph is an cricketer from Antigua. He plays for the West Indies. He was born on November 20, 1996.

Automatic for the People

Automatic for the People is the eighth studio album by alternative rock band R.E.M. and was released on 5 October, 1992 through Warner Bros. Records. It went to number 1 in the United Kingdom and New Zealand and number 2 in the United States, Australia, the Netherlands and Germany. It was ranked number 96 on the Rolling Stone's 500 Greatest Albums of All Time. It was nominated for a Grammy Award in 1994.

In 2017, Craft Recordings and Concord Music Group released a 25th anniversary edition with exclusive demos, live songs and a blu-ray disc with music videos and a promotional video.

Freedom of Choice

Freedom of Choice is a 1980 album by Devo. It was their third studio album and contains their biggest hit "Whip It". It went to number 22 in the United States, number 5 in Australia and number 9 in New Zealand.

1993 Virgin "Freedom of Choice"/"Oh, No! It's Devo" CD bonus tracks:
2009 Warner Bros. CD bonus tracks:

2009 "Ultra Devo-lux Ltd. Ed." CD bonus tracks:

Lost Without You (Delta Goodrem song)

"Lost Without You" is a 2003 song by Australian singer Delta Goodrem and is the second single from her debut studio album "Innocent Eyes". It topped the single charts in Australia and made the top 10 in New Zealand, Spain, Scotland, Sweden and the United Kingdom.

Television Act 1954

The Television Act 1954 was a law in the United Kingdom allowing the creation of the first commercial television network in the country, ITV. It was repealed by the Television Act 1964.

Until late 1955 (when the first ITV stations launched) the British Broadcasting Corporation was the only TV station that existed in the UK. The Conservative government wanted to create commercial television in the UK but this was objected to, since the only example of commercial television at the time was in the US, which was widely seen as "vulgar". 

The solution that the government came to was to create a new agency called the Independent Television Authority that would regulate the channel and award franchises.

The franchises started to be awarded in 1954 with the final franchise being awarded in 1961 and by 1962, all franchises were on air. The first advertisement on ITV was at 8:12pm on the 22nd September 1955. The advertisement was for Gibbs SR toothpaste.

Jump to the Beat

"Jump to the Beat" is a 1980 song by Stacy Lattisaw and it was taken from her second studio album "Let Me Be Your Angel". It was a big hit in the United Kingdom where it went to number 3 on the chart.

In 1991, Australian singer Dannii Minogue covered "Jump to the Beat" for her debut international studio album "Love and Kisses". It went to number 5 in Ireland and Luxembourg, number 8 in the United Kingdom and number 48 in Australia.

These are the formats and track listings of major single releases of "Jump to the Beat".




(C10482)

(D10482)

(X14076)


Note: "Jump to the Beat" is one of only two singles release by Minogue that did not receive a CD format release in the UK.

Surrender (Diana Ross album)

Surrender is the third studio album by Diana Ross. It was released on 6 July, 1971 through Motown Records. It went to number 10 in the United Kingdom, number 56 in the United States and number 46 in Canada.

All arrangements by Paul Riser.

Countdown (song)

"Countdown" is a 2011 song by Beyoncé. It was taken from her fourth studio album "4". It went to number 1 in Germany, number 71 in the United States, number 35 in the United Kingdom, number 45 in Ireland, number 92 in the Netherlands, number 62 in Canada and number 40 in South Korea.



List of Bangladesh Twenty20 International cricketers

This list includes all players from Bangladesh who have played at Twenty20 International matches for Bangladesh.

2023 Nottingham attacks

On 13 June 2023, three people were killed and three others were hurt in three attacks in Nottingham, United Kingdom. The attacks were carried out during the early hours of the morning.

At 5:30am on 13 June, 31-year-old Valdo Calocane, who is an immigrant from Guinea-Bissau, was stopped by police whilst he was driving the stolen van. He was tasered and arrested. On 16 June, he was charged with three counts of murder and three of attempted murder.

Two people killed in the attack were 19-year-old University of Nottingham students. The third victim was a 65-year-old man. The killer stole his van. He then used it to drive into three people at a bus stop. 

 

Kenneth Marshall

Kenneth Marshall (born June 27, 1950) was an American actor.

Plutus.com

Plutus.com is a London-based fintech company founded in 2015 by Danial Daychopan. They developed an app to enable Bitcoin users to use cryptocurrency at NFC-enabled merchants worldwide. In 2016, they raised $1 million USD through crowdfunding. Plutus introduced PlutusDEX in 2018, a platform for peer-to-peer currency exchange. In 2020, they launched Pluton Rewards and other features. Plutus partnered with Curve and Prepaid Ventures, updated their subscription model, and added new perks. They selected Modulr as their banking partner in 2023. Plutus offers fiat accounts, non-custodial crypto wallets, and a crypto-fiat exchange. Customers with a Plutus Card earn 3% back in crypto. Plutus is partnered with Contis, ClearJunction, and Visa. 

Galerija Centrs

Galerija Centrs is a shopping center in Riga, Latvia. It opened in 1938 and is located in the historic Vecrīga neighborhood. The center spans 29,000 square meters and houses 110 shops. Originally known as the Army Economy Store, it underwent major reconstruction in 2006. Galerija Centrs features a historically renovated hall called "Astoria" on the fifth floor. In 2019, it was sold to Baltic Horizon Fund. The center received an award from the International Council of Shopping Centers (ICSC) in 2008 for its design project.

MikroTik

MikroTik is a Latvian network equipment manufacturer founded in 1996. They develop and sell network routers, switches, access points, and software. They gained recognition for their product, RouterOS, initially developed for x86 PC hardware. In 2002, they started producing their own low-power single-board computers called RouterBoard. MikroTik's product line expanded over time, including the Cloud Core Router (CCR) series in 2012. They faced vulnerabilities in the past, such as the VPNFilter malware and security flaws in RouterOS. In 2021, they encountered the Mēris botnet, causing DDoS attacks. 

Touch Me in the Morning (album)

Touch Me in the Morning is the fourth studio album by Diana Ross. It was released on 22 June, 1973 through Motown Records and went to number 5 in the United States and Canada, number 20 in Australia and number 7 in the United Kingdom.


Touch Me in the Morning: Expanded Edition, released in January 2010, includes a newly remastered version of the original album plus previously unreleased mixes and alternate versions as well as two songs recorded during the same timeline: "Kewpie Doll", written and co-produced by Smokey Robinson, and "When We Grow Up", from Marlo Thomas' 1972 album "Free to Be...You and Me".

Disc two of the expanded edition contains the entire previously unreleased "To The Baby" album, which includes covers of Michael Jackson's "Got To Be There" and Roberta Flack's "The First Time Ever I Saw Your Face", as well as the original title tune, written by Diana's brother Arthur "T-Boy" Ross. It also includes the medley, "Imagine/Save The Children", two songs that were split for the "Touch Me In The Morning" album, plus alternate original mixes of songs including "Young Mothers", which previously had been issued in 1983.



Last Time I Saw Him

Last Time I Saw Him is the sixth studio album by Diana Ross. It was released on 6 December, 1973 through Motown Records. It went to number 41 in the United Kingdom, number 52 in the United States, number 50 in Australia and number 68 in Canada.




Electoral district of Shellharbour

Shellharbour is an electoral district of New South Wales. It was created in 2007.

Shellharbour is in Wollongong.

Electoral district of Wollondilly

Wollondilly is an electoral district of New South Wales. It was created in 1904, abolished in 1981 and recreated in 2007.

Wollondilly is mostly a rural seat, but also includes a few suburbs on the outskirts of southwestern Sydney.

 

Electoral district of Keira

Keira is an electoral district of New South Wales. It was created in 1988.

Keira is in Wollongong.

Electoral district of Wollongong

Wollongong is an electoral district of New South Wales. It was created in 1904, abolished in 1920, recreated in 1927, reabolished in 1930 and recreated again in 1968.

Wollongong includes the inner suburbs of Wollongong city.

Electoral district of Heathcote

Heathcote is an electoral district of New South Wales. It was created in 1971, abolished in 1991 and recreated in 1999.

Heathcote is in the outer suburbs of Sydney and also includes parts of Wollongong.

Electoral district of Hawkesbury

Hawkesbury is an electoral district of New South Wales. It was created in 1859, abolished in 1920 and recreated in 1927.

It is a conservative electorate in the Hawkesbury region of New South Wales. Hawkesbury contains a variety of places, including the far northern outskirts of Sydney, a small part of the Central Coast, and some rural towns.

Electoral district of Wyong

Wyong is an electoral district of New South Wales. It was created in 1962, abolished in 1973 and recreated in 1988.

Wyong is on the Central Coast.

Electoral district of Gosford

Gosford is an electoral district of New South Wales. It was created in 1950.

Gosford is on the Central Coast and is based around the suburb of Gosford.

The boundaries of Gosford have changed since it was created. In 2007, a redistribution on the Central Coast moved where Gosford was. ABC election scientist Antony Green said the redistribution basically meant that the old seat of Peats (a Labor seat) was renamed Gosford while the old seat of Gosford (a Liberal seat) was renamed Terrigal, with minor boundary changes.

Electoral district of Terrigal

Terrigal is an electoral district of New South Wales. It was created in 2007.

It is a conservative electorate that has only ever been Liberal Party (with the exception of one member who became an independent for a year). Terrigal is on the Central Coast. It is the only Liberal-held electorate on the Central Coast.

Electoral district of The Entrance

The Entrance is an electoral district of New South Wales. It was created in 1988.

The Entrance is on the Central Coast.

Electoral district of Lake Macquarie

Lake Macquarie is an electoral district of New South Wales. It was created in 1950.

Lake Macquarie is in the southern part of Newcastle.

 

Electoral district of Swansea

Swansea is an electoral district of New South Wales. It was created in 1981.

Swansea is in southern Newcastle.

Electoral district of Charlestown

Charlestown is an electoral district of New South Wales. It was created in 1971.

Charlestown is in Newcastle.

Electoral district of Wallsend

Wallsend is an electoral district of New South Wales. It was created in 1894, abolished in 1904, recreated in 1917, reabolished in 1930, recreated again in 1927, reabolished again in 1930 and recreated for a fourth time in 1968.

Originally a blue-collar electorate, Wallsend has always been held by Labor.

Wallsend is in western Newcastle.

Electoral district of Newcastle

Newcastle is an electoral district of New South Wales. It was created in 1859, abolished in 1894 and recreated in 1904.

Newcastle is in the inner suburbs of Newcastle city.

Annan River

Annan River is a river just below Cooktown in Queensland and starts west of Mt. Finnigan. The Annan River Bridge goes over it.

Ban Liang

The Ban Liang (Traditional Chinese: ; Pinyin: "bàn liǎng") was the first unified currency of the Chinese empire. It was first minted as early as 378 BCE. The coin was introduced by the first emperor Qin Shi Huang around 210 BC. It was round with a square hole in the middle. Before that time, many different coins were used in China. They were usually in the form of blades (knife money, spade money) . Round coins with square holes were used by the State of Zhou before it was ended by the Qin in 249 BCE.

The Ban Liang was worth a "half tael" (半兩), or twelve zhu (, about 0.68 grams). It commonly weighs between ten and six grams. 

Ban Liang coins were used under the Western Han dynasty until they were finally replaced by the Wu Zhu cash coins in 118 BC.

Akeal Hosein

Akeal Jerome Hosein is a cricketer from Trinidad and Tobago. He has played for Trinidad and Tobago in West Indian domestic cricket. Akeal was born on April 25, 1993.

Jason Holder

Jason Omar Holder is a cricketer from Barbados. He was a captain of the West Indies cricket team. Jason was born on November 5, 1991.

Shimron Hetmyer

Shimron Odilon Hetmyer is a cricketer from Guyana. He plays as a top order batsman for the West Indies cricket team. Shimron was born on December 26, 1996.

Rovman Powell

Rovman Powell is a cricketer from Jamaica. Rovman plays for the West Indies cricket team. He is a captain in T20I format. He was born on July 23, 1993.

Devon Thomas

Devon Cuthbert Thomas is a West Indian cricketer. He was born on November 12, 1989 in Willikies, Antigua.

Brandon King

Brandon Alexander King is a cricketer from Jamaica. Brandon competed in the 2014 ICC Under-19 Cricket World Cup. He was born on December 16, 1994.

Nicholas Pooran

Nicholas Pooran is a cricketer from Trinidad and Tobago. He plays for the West Indies cricket team. He was born on October 2, 1995.

Detlef Dahn

Detlef Dahn is a German boxer. He was born on January, 18 1943. Detlef boxed for ASK Vorwärts Berlin from 1964.

Ryan Klein

Ryan Klein is a cricketer from South Africa. He plays for the Netherlands. Ryan was born on June 15, 1997.

Austria national under-21 football team

The Austria national under-21 football team is the national under-21 football team of Austria. The team is controlled by the Austrian Football Association.

With one exception (1980), Austria's U-21 team took part in all UEFA European Championships. In 2019 they were qualified for the final round for the first time. They were eliminated in the preliminary round.
Following players were called up for the friendly matches on 16 June 2023 versus Iceland (Home) and on 20 June versus Slovakia (Away).




Shariz Ahmad

Shariz Ahmad (born 21 April 2003) is a cricketer from Netherlands. He plays for the Netherlands national cricket team since 2022. He was born on April 21, 2003.

Carmen Gómez

Carmen Gómez is a former swimmer from Colombia. She was born on September 17, 1954. Carmen competed in two events at the 1968 Summer Olympics.

Shearwater, Tasmania

Shearwater is a town on the north coast of Tasmania, Australia. It lies on the Rubicon Rivulet, just off Bass Strait, 19.6 km east of Devonport.

At the 2016 census, Shearwater had a population of 1764. The town grows considerably during the holiday season. It is part of the Municipality of Latrobe. Shearwater is one of many popular holiday resorts along the north coast of Tasmania. In recent years the population has swelled and become one of the fastest-growing areas in the world; mainly due to affordable real estate and large developments in the area, including a shopping centre, the Port Sorell Golf Club, and the Shearwater Resort.



Richard Fischer

Richard Fischer (27 January 1917 – 1969) was an Austrian footballer. He played for First Vienna FC. He also played for the Austrian national football team.

During the Nazi occupation of Austria Vienna were winner of the Gauliga Donau-Alpenland three times. Once he reached the final of the German Championship once he won the Tschammer-Cup (1943).

After 16 seasons for First Vienna FC, one season (1934–35) for Nussdorfer AC, and two seasons (1948–49 and 1949–50) for the Floridsdorfer AC, he ended his 19-year football career at the age of 35.

Richard Fischer played three matches for the Austrian national football team. His first match was a 3-2 loss against Czechoslowakia on 24 October 1937. His last international match was a 5-2 loss versus Hungary on 20 August 1945. 

From 1958 to 1959 he was the manager of First Vienna FC.

Don't Shed a Tear

"Don't Shed a Tear" is a 1987 song by English singer Paul Carrack and taken from his third studio album "One Good Reason". It went to number 9 in the United States, number 34 in Canada, number 20 in the Netherlands and number 60 in the United Kingdom. It was his biggest hit in the United States.

7" Vinyl (US, UK)

7" Vinyl (Japan)

12" Vinyl (UK, Germany, the Netherlands)

Lee Rafkin

Lee Rafkin is a branding expert, marketing strategist, communications professional and CEO of Rafkin Brand Consulting, a boutique consulting firm based in New York City and founded in 2002.

Lee Rafkin was born in Brockton, Massachusetts, the youngest of four children. He graduated magna cum laude with a degree in International Relations from Brown University in Providence, RI. He earned an MBA with honors in marketing from the Kellogg School of Management at Northwestern University in Evanston, IL. He also studied at the London School of Economics and as a Rotary International exchange student in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.

Rafkin has over 25 years of experience as a brand manager, CMO, start-up co-founder, senior executive at large global brand consulting firms, and as founder and CEO of his own brand consulting practice. Rafkin Brand Consulting serves clients in the media, advertising, entertainment, technology, health care, consumer brands, financial services, higher education, and nonprofit sectors, among others.

Rafkin has held senior management and practice leadership roles at global brand consulting firms Futurebrand (IPG), Siegel+Gale (Omnicom), and Consumer Dynamics (Independent).

Earlier in his career, Lee was marketing director at the kids cable network Nickelodeon and a Brand Manager at Nabisco and Pillsbury. He started his career in the management training program at Merrill Lynch in New York City.

Since 2011, Rafkin has served as a fractional CMO in the outdoor advertising industry, working with organizations like OUTFRONT Media, NextGrad Networks, Boldsite Media, Trailhead Media, Motionworks, Adams Outdoor Advertising, national trade association OAAA, and the industry ratings and measurement organization, Geopath. Rafkin is responsible for naming OUTFRONT, Geopath, NextGrad, Boldsite, and Motionworks, among others. 

Rafkin teaches a strategic branding course and mentors start-up CEO’s at XRC Labs, a business accelerator at The New School at Parsons School of Design in New York, and also at Entrepreneurship for All, an incubator based in Berkshire County, Massachusetts.

In December 2021, Rafkin Brand Consulting won a Silver Davey Award from the Academy of Interactive and Visual Arts (AIVA), for the design of its own website, www.rafkin.com.

Rafkin lives in Montclair, New Jersey and New Marlborough, Massachusetts. He is married to Keri (Patton) Rafkin and has two children, Hannah and Alex.

Queen consort of England

A Queen consort of England is the wife of the reigning king of England and serves as his consort. The title is held by the king's wife, who serves as the female equivalent of the king and shares certain formal privileges and responsibilities. However, unlike a queen regnant, who is the ruler in her own right, a queen consort holds no official power and plays a largely ceremonial role, accompanied by the monarch on official engagements and receiving visiting heads of state.

Queen of Hearts (Hank DeVito song)

"Queen of Hearts" is a country-pop song written by Hank DeVito. It was first released by Welsh singer Dave Edmunds and taken from his album "Repeat When Necessary". It went to number 12 in Ireland and number 11 in the United Kingdom but failed to chart anywhere else. The better known version is the Juice Newton and went to number 2 in the United States and South Africa. It also went to the top 10 in Canada, Australia, New Zealand, Denmark and Switzerland.

Tyler Herro

Tyler Christopher Herro (born January 20, 2000) is an American professional basketball player for the Miami Heat of the National Basketball Association (NBA). After playing one year of college basketball for the Kentucky Wildcats, he was drafted by Miami in 2019. 

He was picked to the NBA All-Rookie Second Team in 2020. In his rookie season, Herro also reached the NBA Finals with the Heat. In 2022, he was named the NBA Sixth Man of the Year.

Avia Solutions Group

Avia Solutions Group is a global provider of aviation capacity solutions for passenger and cargo airlines. It was founded in 2005 and is headquartered in Dublin, Ireland. The group manages over 100 offices and production facilities worldwide, with a majority of its employees based in Europe. As of June 2023, the group manages a fleet of 180 aircraft among its companies. Over the years, Avia Solutions Group has expanded its services and acquired various aviation-related companies, covering areas such as ground handling, aircraft maintenance, training, charter flights, and more.

Buhalterės.lt

Buhalterės.lt is a Lithuanian accounting and consulting company founded in 2010 in Vilnius by Laimis Jančiūnas and Asta Smilingė. It offers accounting, company establishment, financial consulting, and legal services. 

Buhalterės.lt was founded in Vilnius, Lithuania on 21 September 2010 by Laimis Jančiūnas and Asta Smilingė as Bonus socius UAB ("good partner" in Latin), after the economic crisis of 2008-2009, when companies needed to reduce their accounting costs.

In 2014, it became a member of the Lithuanian Association of Accountants and Auditors. 

In 2018, it joined the Vilnius Chamber of Commerce, Industry and Crafts. 

On 14 February 2020, the company changed its name from Bonus socius, UAB, to Buhalterės.lt, UAB.

In 2022, Buhalterės.lt automated the sale of accounting services and moved the contract signing process to its website.

In 2023, it became a member of the Association of Lithuanian Accounting Firms. 

Buhalterės.lt specializes in accounting, company establishment in Lithuania and Europe, financial consulting, and legal services.

It has received awards such as the Strongest in Lithuania certificate and the Gazelle award for fast growth. It is known for its expertise in the field and its contributions to media channels.

Ekspla

EKSPLA is a laser manufacturing company based in Lithuania. They specialize in producing lasers, laser systems, and other photonics components. The company was established in 1992 as a spin-off from the EKSMA company. They have two divisions: Laser & Laser Systems and Photonics Components. In 2008, the components business activities were moved to a separate company called Optolita, operating as EKSMA OPTICS. EKSPLA has received awards for their contributions to the knowledge-based economy and advancements in laser science. Their product lines include scientific lasers, industrial lasers, laser spectroscopy, and laser electronics components.

Holding Back the Years

"Holding Back the Years" is a song performed by English band Simply Red and is the third single from their debut studio album "Picture Book" (1985). It went to number 1 in the United States and number 2 in the United Kingdom. It received a Grammy nomination for Best Pop Performance in 1987. It was covered by Another Level in 1999.

Spider-Woman (Gwen Stacy)

Spider-Woman, also known as Ghost-Spider, is the alias used by Gwendolyne Maxine "Gwen" Stacy, a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics. Also commonly called Spider-Gwen, she is a variant of Spider-Man and an alternate-universe version of Gwen Stacy.

She debuted in "Edge of Spider-Verse" issue #2, which was a part of the 2014–15 "Spider-Verse" comic book storyline. This led to the character appearing in the ongoing series "Spider-Gwen" in 2015. 

Hailee Steinfeld voices Spider-Gwen in the "Spider-Verse" movie series, which began with "" (2018).

Deaths in November 2011

The following is a list of notable deaths in November 2011.

Entries for each day are listed alphabetically by surname. A typical entry lists information in the following sequence:





























Gilberto Fernández

Gilberto Fernández is a former sports shooter from Colombia. Gilberto competed in the 50 metre pistol event at the 1972 Summer Olympics. He was born on March 10, 1933.

Rodrigo Ideus

Rodrigo Ideus is a rower from England. Rodrigo competed in the men's single sculls event at the 2008 Summer Olympics. He was born on March 7, 1987.

Luis Colina

Luis Colina is a former sports shooter from Colombia. Luis competed in the 25 metre pistol event at the 1972 Summer Olympics and finished with rank 40. He was born on June 29, 1941.

Please Remember Me

"Please Remember Me" is a 1995 song by Rodney Crowell and taken from his album "Jewel of the South". It went to number 69 on the Billboard country charts, a version by Aaron Neville and Linda Ronstadt was made but was never released as a single.

In 1999, Tim McGraw covered "Please Remember Me" for his fifth studio album "A Place in the Sun". It went to number 10 in the United States and topped the country single charts in Canada and the United States.

UK Promo CD

Cassette Single

US Single

Keith Wickham

Keith Wickham is a British voice actor. He voices Nelson the Elephant, Reginald the Lion, Victor the Crocodile and Various in the US version by Lobster Films for The Character Development and The Sound Company Ltd. for the first and the second seasons in 1999 and 2000 of the American show 64 Zoo Lane, Wickham at San Diego Comic-Con International in 2009, Keith Wickham was at San Diego Comic-Con International in 2009 for "Jungle Junction" panel.

Helsinki Cathedral

The Helsinki Cathedral (; ) is a cathedral in the town of Helsinki in Finland. It belongs to the Helsinki Parish Union of the Evangelical Lutheran Church of Finland. The church building serves the Diocese of Helsinki. It has been around since the 19th century.

SV Stripfing

Sportclub Stripfing/Weiden is a football club from the Lower Austrian municipality of Weikendorf in the district of Gänserndorf. As champion of the Regionalliga East they were promoted to the Second league in 2023.
SV Stripping was founded in 1951. The first 50 years were spent in the lower classes of Lower Austria without any notable success. In the 2011/12 season the club became champion of the 2nd class Marchfeld without defeat and was promoted to the First class. 2013 they were promoted again. 2015/16 they were promoted to the Landesliga (4th tier). In the 2018/19 season the club secured the championship title in the Landesliga with a lead of 13 points over Kremser SC after only two defeats. They were promoted to the Regionalliga Ost. 
On 12 May 2023, the first championship title in the regional league was reached.After some problems (not enough youth teams, ground) SV Stripfing received the license for the 2nd football league. Despite of this the sucessfull coach Goran Djuricin left the club. He did not want to support the cooperation between SV Stripfing and Young Violets Austria Wien.

 


Francis Suarez 2024 presidential campaign

Francis X. Suarez, the 43rd Mayor of Miami, announced his campaign for the 2024 United States presidential election in a campaign video on June 14, 2023.

In April 2021, Suarez was seen as a possible running-mate to potential 2024 presidential candidate Nikki Haley emerged. A report by "The Hill" in September 2021 showed that Suarez was interested in running for president. 

Suarez spoke on "Fox News" on June 11, 2023, talking about his visits to early primary states and that he will make an important speech at the Ronald Reagan Presidential Library on June 15. He filed to run for president with the Federal Election Commission on June 14.

On July 5, 2023, a super PAC supporting Suarez created a chatbot that uses his face and voice to answer questions about his campaign. The bot directs users to campaign videos based on the questions asked, and can even make fun of other presidential candidates such as Ron DeSantis. The program is an example of artificial intelligence.

On August 8, Suarez announced that he had met the donor requirements to attend the first Republican primary debate in Milwaukee, Wisconsin. However, the RNC has to verify this claim before he is officially added to the debate. He said in an interview with The Hill that if he does not qualify for the first debate, he may leave the race.

The campaign ended on August 29, 2023 after Suarez failed to qualify for the first debate.

On March 1, 2024, Suarez endorsed Donald Trump for the Republican nomination, citing Trump’s position on the border as the main reason.

Romerus shiwandashan

Fei's small tree frog ("Romerus shiwandashan") is a frog. It lives in China. Scientists have seen it in exactly one place: Mount Shiwanda in Guanxi Province, 937 meters above sea level.

Ioannis Sarmas

Ioannis Sarmas (; born 21 March 1957) is a Greek judge and politician. He was the caretaker Prime Minister of Greece from May 2023 to June 2023. He is the chairman of the Greek Court of Audit since 4 November 2019.

President Katerina Sakellaropoulou picked him to be the caretaker Prime Minister of Greece on 25 May 2023. He leaved office on 26 June 2023. 

Lamar Bailey Karamañites

Lamar Bailey Karamañites is a Panamanian filmmaker, educator and an activist in the Afro-Panamanian social movement. She is known for her film "Miss Panama" (2021). 

She graduated from the Baruch College (CUNY) with a degree in Marketing, certificate from Harvard and Master program in development and cooperation in the Universidad Politécnica de Valencia, in Valencia, Spain. 

While living in Valencia, Spain, she participated in creation of the organization Uhuru, which is an organization fighting against anti-black racism and creating a community of Black, African, Afrodescendant and Afroeuropean people of all ages and origins.

She was a member of the Afropanamanian Youth Network and is currently a member of Voices of Afrodescendant Women in Panama (VOMAP) and the Afropanamanian Forum. Additionally, she participated in a weekly radio show to promote the full inclusion of Afropanamanians into the national Panamanian narrative of identity by highlighting the achievements of the Afropanamnian youth. She has worked as a teacher for 5 years in Panama City, teaching English, History and Human Geography with a focus on Human Rights utilizing the Multiple Intelligences Methodology and an inclusive teaching approach. 

She is a daughter of Gloria Karamañites, who became the first Black woman to be named Miss Panama in 1980. 


Electoral district of Hornsby

Hornsby is an electoral district of New South Wales. It was created in 1927, abolished in 1991 and recreated in 1999.

It is a conservative electorate that has only ever been held by conservative parties (mostly the Liberal Party).

Hornsby is in northern Sydney.

Electoral district of Castle Hill

Castle Hill is an electoral district of New South Wales. It was created in 2007.

It is a conservative electorate that has only ever been held by the Liberal Party.

Castle Hill is in the Hills District of Sydney, which in terms of voting is the most conservative (Liberal-leaning) part of any Australian capital city.

Electoral district of Kellyville

Kellyville is an electoral district of New South Wales. It was created in 2023, taking in most of the abolished electorate of Baulkham Hills.

It is a conservative electorate that has only ever been held by the Liberal Party.

Kellyville is located in the Hills District of Sydney, which is the most conservative (Liberal-leaning) district in any Australian capital city.

Electoral district of Winston Hills

Winston Hills is an electoral district of New South Wales. It was created in 2023, mostly replacing the abolished electorate of Seven Hills.

It is a conservative electorate that has only ever been held by the Liberal Party.

Winston Hills in the Hills District of Sydney, which is the most conservative (Liberal-leaning) district of any Australian capital city. However, it is the least conservative electorate in the Hills District.

Electoral district of Epping

Epping is an electoral district of New South Wales. It was created in 1999.

It is a conservative electorate that has only ever been held by the Liberal Party.

Epping is in northern Sydney.

Electoral district of Ryde

Ryde is an electoral district of New South Wales. It was created in 1894, abolished in 1904, recreated in 1913, reabolished in 1968, recreated again in 1981, reabolished again in 1991 and recreated for a fourth time in 1999.

Ryde is in northern Sydney.

Electoral district of Wahroonga

Wahroonga is an electoral district of New South Wales. It was created in 2023, replacing Ku-ring-gai.

It is a conservative electorate that has only ever been held by the Liberal Party.

Wahroonga is on the North Shore of Sydney.

Electoral district of Lane Cove

Lane Cove is an electoral district of New South Wales. It was created in 1904, abolished in 1913 and recreated in 1927.

It is a conservative electorate.

Lane Cove is in northern Sydney.

Electrical load

An electrical load is simply any component of a circuit that consumes power or energy. In a household setting, the most obvious examples of electrical loads include light bulbs and appliances.

Bushra Razack

Bushra Razack is an award-winning community developer and humanitarian. She is the founder and CEO of Philippi Village in Cape Town

Bushra Razack (02 May 1986) was born in Cape Town , South Africa . At the age of twelve, she represented South Africa at the first World Youth Congress known as the Millennium Young People's Congress in Honolulu County , Hawaii . She is a co-author of the book :"Rescue Mission", a youth assessment of the UN's Millennium Development Goals which was launched at the World Summit for Sustainable Development in Johannesburg , South Africa

She is involved with Philippi Village , a community development hub that is changing lives in Philippi and surrounding communities 

In 2018 She was counted amongst the Top Young Independents.

She was also awarded the Power Woman Award as Innovation Woman 2018

Philippi Village

Philippi Village is community development hub which is home to entrepreneurs and small business owners with retail, office and event space as well as sporting, educational and cultural facilities. It is in Cape Town’s Cape Flats area and it focuses in providing collaborative workspaces for small and micro business owners as well as creating employment opportunities and upskilling the local Philippi community. It also provides a vibrant and safe place for social engagement 
Philippi Village was founded by Bushra Razack, an award-winning social entrepreneur ,change agent, humanitarian and community development specialist. She was born in Cape Town and used to grew up in and orphanage with seventy other children. At the age of twelve, she represented South Africa at the first World Youth Congress known as the Millennium Young People's Congress in Honolulu County, Hawaii. She is a co-author of the book :"Rescue Mission", a youth assessment of the UN's Millennium Development Goals which was launched at the World Summit for Sustainable Development in Johannesburg, South Africa. In 2018 She was chosen as one of the 100 Young Independents as well as Power Woman Awards - Innovative Woman 2018.

Mario Clopatofsky

Mario Clopatofsky is a former sports shooter from Colombia. Mario competed in the men's 50 metre rifle three positions event at the 1984 Summer Olympics. He was born on January 18, 1958.

Álvaro Clopatofsky

Álvaro Clopatofsky was a sports shooter from Colombia. Álvaro competed in the 25 metre pistol event at the 1964 Summer Olympics. He was born on April 20, 1921 and died in 1993.

Luis Child

Luis Child (died 17 December 1992) was a swimmer from Colombia. Luis competed in two events at the 1948 Summer Olympics. He died on December 17, 1992.

Nicola Olyslagers

Nicola Lauren Olyslagers is a high jumper from Australia. She received the silver medal at the Tokyo 2020 Olympics in the high jump She was born on December 28, 1996.

Yvonne Hasler

Yvonne Hasler is a former heptathlete and sprinter from Liechtenstein. Yvonne competed in the women's 200 metres at the 1988 Summer Olympics. She was born on October 13, 1968.

Mary Heaton

Mary Heaton was a gymnast from England. Mary competed in the women's artistic team all-around event at the 1936 Summer Olympics. She was born on February 24, 1911 and died on March 30, 1989.

Rolf Jahn

Rolf Jahn (8 October 1927 - 3 May 2001) was a German goalkeeper. Rolf competed in match for the East Germany national team in 1957.

Lisa Young

Lisa Young (born 3 January 1966) is a gymnast from England. Lisa competed in six events at the 1984 Summer Olympics. She was born on January 3, 1966.

Deandra Dottin

Deandra Jalisa Shakira Dottin is a cricketer from Barbados. He was born on June 21, 1991.

Jaime Herbas

Jaime Herbas (born 25 September 1941) is a footballer from Bolivia. Jaime competed in five matches for the Bolivia national football team.

Jesús Herbas

Jesús Herbas (born 2 January 1940) is a footballer from Bolivia. Jesús competed in six matches for the Bolivia national football team.

Just Dropped In (To See What Condition My Condition Was In)

"Just Dropped In (To See What Condition My Condition Was In)" is a 1967 song by Kenny Rogers featuring Kenny Rogers and The First Edition. It went to number 5 in the United States. It was taken from their album "The First Edition".

Alright (Supergrass song)

"Alright" is a 1995 song by English band . It was released along its A-side "Time" and was taken from their debut studio album "I Should Coco" and was used on the soundtrack to the 1995 movie "Clueless". It went to number 2 in the United Kingdom and Scotland, number 98 in Australia, number 30 in France, number 6 in Iceland, number 8 in Ireland and the Netherlands.

Philip Allison

Philip Whalley Allison was a fencer from USA. Philip competed in the team foil event at the 1924 Summer Olympics. He was born on May 21, 1889 and died on July, 5 1982.

Nelson Guerrero

Nelson Guerrero (born 12 July 1962) is a former footballer from Ecuador. Nelson competed in 13 matches for the Ecuador national football team.

T. Natarajan

Thangarasu Natarajan is an international cricketer from India. Thangarasu competed in the Indian Premier League. He was born on April 4, 1991.

José María Guerrero

José María Guerrero (born 7 April 1967) is a former footballer from Ecuador. José competed in eleven matches for the Ecuador national football team.

Juan Manuel Dávila

Juan Manuel Dávila (born 7 May 1963) is a former footballer from Guatemala. Juan competed in the men's tournament at the 1988 Summer Olympics.

Vectipelta

Vectipelta (meaning "Isle of Wight shield") is the name of a genus of ankylosaurian dinosaur. It was recently discovered in Lower Cretaceous chalk in England. 

The specimen has many vertebrae, some of the fore and hindlimbs, and several osteoderms (bony plates). The fossil material was first described in a PhD thesis by Thomas J. Raven.

"Vectipelta" is the first ankylosaur identified from the Isle of Wight in 142 years. This suggests that some specimens previously assigned to "Polacanthus" and "Hylaeosaurus" might actually be other taxa.

Patience Itanyi

Patience Itanyi is a athlete from Nigeria. Patience competed in the women's long jump at the 2000 Summer Olympics. She was born on July 2, 1973.

John Brunton

John Brunton was a cricketer from British India. John competed in six first-class matches for Cambridge University Cricket Club. He was born on July 23, 1869 and died on November 12, 1962.

Kathleen Stark

Kathleen Stark (born 9 September 1975) is a former gymnast from East Germany. Kathleen competed at the 1992 Summer Olympics and the 1996 Summer Olympics. She was born on September 9, 1975.

Brian Patoir

Brian Patoir was a cricketer from British Guiana. Brian competed in nine first-class matches for British Guiana. He was born on May 6, 1927 and died on April 12, 1969.

Gandhinagar University

Gandhinagar University is a state university located in Ahmedabad/Gandhinagar, Gujarat, India. It was established under the Gujarat Private Universities Act of 2009.

Gandhinagar University was founded in 2023 by Mr. Harish Rohera, who serves as the President of the university, and Ms. Vinita Rohera, who holds the position of Vice President of the university. The institution aims to offer a diverse range of educational programs under one roof, providing students with an integrated ecosystem of education.

Gandhinagar University offers more than ten diverse disciplines and boasts a comprehensive range of ninety courses of study. The university prioritizes a multidisciplinary approach, encouraging students to explore various fields of knowledge and develop a well-rounded understanding. By aligning its educational framework with the National Education Policy 2020, Gandhinagar University ensures that students receive a contemporary and skill-oriented education, preparing them for the challenges of the 21st century. 

Gandhnagar University is recognized by the University Grants Commission (UGC). There are also courses which are also approved by the All India Council for Technical Education (AICTE), National Council for Hotel Management and Catering Technology (NCHMCT), Bar Council of India (BCI), Pharmacy Council of India (PCI), Council of Architecture (COA), National Council for Teacher Education (NCTE), member of Association of Indian Universities (AIU), member of Computer Society of India (CSI), member of International Association of Universities (IAU), member of Association of Commonwealth Universities (ACU), member of Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE), member of The American Society of Mechanical Engineers (ASME) and member of American Chemical Society (ACS).

Tom Guinn

Tom Guinn is a sports shooter from Canada. Tom competed at the 1976 Summer Olympics and the 1984 Summer Olympics. He was born on September 1, 1944.

Thomas Gray

Thomas Gray (born 24 January 1936) is a rower from Canada. Thomas competed in the men's eight event at the 1964 Summer Olympics. He was born on January 24, 1936.

Sharon Cozzarin

Sharon Cozzarin is a former sports shooter from Canada. Sharon competed in the women's 10 metre air pistol event at the 1992 Summer Olympics. She was born on October 5, 1956.

Tom Sexton

Thomas Sexton (born 19 November 1998) is a racing cyclist from New Zealand. He races for UCI ProTeam Bolton Equities Black Spoke.

Cecilie Uttrup Ludwig

Cecilie Uttrup Ludwig (born 23 August 1995) is a professional road cyclist from Denmark. She races for UCI Women's WorldTeam FDJ–Suez.

Shanika Bruce

Shanika Jamila Bruce is a cricketer from Barbados. Shanika took part in the Women's Super50 Cup and the Twenty20 Blaze tournaments. She was born on February 20, 1995.

Shamilia Connell

Shamilia Shontell Connell is a cricketer from Barbados. Shamilia represents the West Indies in the world. She was born on July 14, 1992.

Shakera Selman

Shakera Casandra Selman is a cricketer from Barbados. Shakera plays as a right-arm medium bowler. She was born on September 1, 1989.

Aaliyah Alleyne

Aaliyah Alicia Alleyne is a cricketer from Barbados. She was born on November 11, 1994. Aaliyah plays as a right-arm medium bowler.

Kyshona Knight

Kyshona Annika Knight is a cricketer from Barbados. Kyshona plays for Barbados, Trinbago Knight Riders and the West Indies. She was born on February 19, 1992.

Kycia Knight

Kycia Akira Knight (born 19 February 1992) is a cricketer from Barbados. Kycia plays as a wicket-keeper. She was born on February 19, 1992.

Hayley Matthews

Hayley Kristen Matthews is a cricketer from Barbados. Hayley plays for the West Indies as an all-rounder, batting right-handed and bowling right-arm off break. She was born on March 19, 1998.

Darcie Brown

Darcie Rose Brown is a cricketer from Australia. Darcie plays for the South Australian Scorpions in the Women's National Cricket League and for the Adelaide Strikers in the Women's Big Bash League (WBBL). She was born on March 7, 2003.

Megan Schutt

Megan Schutt is a cricketer from Australia. Megan plays for the national team as a fast-medium bowler. She was born on January 15, 1993.

Alana King

Alana Maria King is an cricketer from Australia. Alana plays for Western Australia in the Women's National Cricket League (WNCL) and the Perth Scorchers in the Women's Big Bash League. She was born on November 22, 1995.

Ahirwada

Ahirwada or Ahirwara is a historic town located between the Parvati and Betwa rivers in Central India or modern Madhya Pradesh. It was between the cities Bhilsa and Jhansi. It was named after Ahir warriors.

The Abhiras (modern day Ahirs) are often mentioned in Ksatrapa inscriptions of Saurashtra. The Puranas and the Brihatsamhita place the Abhiras in the southern region during the Samudragupta. These tribes slowly spread out in different parts of India. They may have occupied Ahirwada in Madhya Pradesh at a late date. We know of their occupation in Rajasthan also at a late date as is evident from the Jodhpur inscription of samwat 918, that the Abhira people of this area were a terror to their neighbours, because of their violent demeanour.

According to James Tod, The Princes of Garh Mandla, for ages continued the surname of Pal, which is indicative of their nomadic occupation. The Aheers, who occupied all the Central India and have left Aheerwara (Ahirwada) a memorial of their existence, was a bunch of the same race, as Aheer being a synonym for Pal.

Ahirwada is mentioned in "Malwa in Transition Or a Century of Anarchy: The First Phase, 1698-1765", along with "Khichiwada" and "Bhopal" where the anti Maratha feelings prevailed very often. Rising of the Ahirs of Ahirwada were a cause of worry for Maratha Supremacy as the Ahirs started building new Forts. Also, the presence of "Puranmal Ahir", an Ahir Ruler or chief of Ahir Country in Malwa is noticed in several historical accounts for the period of 1714 to 1716 .

Puranmal was an Ahir chief or leader of Malwa region during 1714-1716 (A.D.).
In 1714, Raja Jai Singh of Jaipur succeeded in suppressing the disorder in Malwa. The Afgan marauders established control over Sironj with the help of Ahir leader Puranmal. The Ahir country (Ahirwada) stood rebellion under its leader Puranmal, who closed the roads from Sironj to Kalabagh and from his strongholds of Ranod and Indore continued to trouble the government. Raja Jai Singh reached Sironj and defeated Afgan Army in April 1715. The peace so imposed could last no longer and in November 1715, Puranmal Ahir renewed his depredations in Malpur. The Rohilas, Girasias, Bhils, Ahirs and other Hindu princelins rose up in all the sides in Malwa. None of the efforts made by government could control the situation.


Ahirwada was a troubled region.Gopal Rao Barve suppressed them during the early months of 1761, buesoon after his departure the Ahirs rose again in alliance with Izzat Khan and the Khichis. Nothing could be done during the rainy season.

In November, 1761, Maratha officers in Ahirwada invited Malhar to come to their assistance. He came as far as Sanganer (February, 1762), but his wound prevented him from advancing to the scene of action. In December, 1761,Vishwas Rao was asked by his father, Naro Shankar, to capture Jhansi with the co-operation of Izzat Khan and Govind Kalyan.The latter was asked by the Poona Government to settle the Sarkar.

Peshwa Madhav Rao affairs of Ahirwada and to recover the fore of Bhilsa. seized by the Nawab of Bhopal.1During the years 1762-1764 the Marathas could pay noattention to the affairs of Malwa, Bundelkhand and Rajputana.The invasion of Nizam Ali and the civil war between the Peshwa and his uncle absorbed their energy. Malhar Rao, gradually sinking due to old age and ill-health, could not venture intothe scene of his former triumphs. Mahadji Sindhia was busy with the question of succession, and the Poona Government asyet showed no desire to profit by his abilities.

"Inactivity and lack of a vigorous policy weakened the Maratha power inMalwa".Two incidents seem to show that by the year 1764 dieposition of the Marathas in Northern India had somewhat improved. Ahmed Shah Abdali ratified a formal peace withthem in that year.' This was a much-needed relief, and at thesame time it was an indirect recognition of their still surviving power. The second incident is more interesting. We read in dieEast India Company's general letter to Madras, dated May 13,1768, "When our servants after the Battle of Buxur planned theextirpation of Shuja from his dominions and the giving thesame up to the King," Lord Clive soon discerned the Kingwould have been unable to maintain them and that it wouldhave destroyed the strongest barrier against the Marathas and1 S.P.D., xix, 12, 22, 37, 43; xxxix, 3. Rajwade, I, 296.2 When he left Poona for Malwa in 1764, measures were taken tointercept his journey.

Fuck Love

"Fuck Love" is the third single off of American rapper XXXTentacion's debut studio album "17". The song also features rapper Trippie Redd. The song was released on January 23, 2018. 

The song was able to make it to #28 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 after XXXtentacion died in 2018. On March 29, 2019, Fuck Love was the most streamed song on SoundCloud, reaching 206 million streams. It now sits at #2.


Love Her Madly

"Love Her Madly" is a 1971 song by The Doors. It is the leading single from their sixth studio album "L.A. Woman". It went to number 6 in Australia, number 4 in the Netherlands, number 3 in Canada and number 11 in the United States.

Krishna-Nagar

Krishna Nagar is a place in East Delhi, India. It is near Gandhi Nagar and Shahdara. Lal Quarter is the famous market in Krishna Nagar. 
The place Krishna Nagar is near to Gandhi Nagar market, Asia's biggest wholesale market.

Govindpuri

Govindpuri is located in South Delhi near Kalkaji and Okhla. Earlier there was a cemetery at this place. It was redeveloped around 50-60 years ago. It has a Metro station by the same name Govindpuri. The violet line of Delhi Metro passes around this area. Govindpuri is situated on a small hilly area name Tuglakabad which was earlier a part of a cemetery.

Govindpuri comes under South Delhi (Lok Sabha constituency).The MP of the area is Ramesh Bidhuri.

It comes under Kalkaji Delhi Assembly Constituency. The MLA of the area is Atishi Marlena.

The Small Wonder Play School Govind Puri, Kalkaji 

Acharya Narendra Dev College Dlhi University
British Democratic Party

The British Democratic Party, commonly known as the British Democrats, is a far-right political party in the United Kingdom. It was registered with the electoral commission in 2011 and officially launched in 2013. It was formed by former members of multiple parties including the British National Party, Democratic Nationalists, Freedom Party and the UK Independence Party. It is the largest far-right party in the UK, holding three parish councillors.

Andrew Brons left the BNP in October 2012 after failing to unseat Nick Griffin as party leader in 2011. Multiple other BNP members joined him, including Kevin Scott, founder and director of Civil Liberty and party organiser for the BNP. 

Andrew Brons has been the National Nominating Officer of the British Democratic Party since its creation in February 2013, with James Lewthwaite as Leader and Chairman, and Christopher Canham as the Treasurer and Membership Secretary.

Following the dissolution of the For Britain Movement and the inactivity of the British National Party, a multitude of nationalist councillors and far-right activists have started joining the BDP.

In September 2022, BDP's chairman shared a platform in Preston, Lancashire, with Stephen Frost, leader of the British Movement.

Do You Really Want to Hurt Me

"Do You Really Want to Hurt Me" is a 1982 song by English new wave band Culture Club and was taken from their debut studio album "Kissing to Be Clever". It topped the single charts in the United Kingdom, Germany, Australia, Canada, Sweden, France, Switzerland, Austria, Belgium and Denmark. It also went to number 2 in the Netherlands, the United States and New Zealand. It was nominated for a Grammy Award in 1984.

(Released at least in UK, Canada, Australia, France, West Germany, Italy, Japan, Portugal, Spain, Sweden)

(Released at least in UK, Canada (different cover), USA, Australia, France, West Germany, Italy, Netherlands (different cover), Spain)


(Released as a remix version in France, to promote the compilation album "Culture Club 2005 – Singles & Remixes", with new video)

Time (Clock of the Heart)

"Time (Clock of the Heart)" is a 1982 song by English new wave band Culture Club and is the second single from their debut studio album "Kissing to Be Clever". It went to number 3 in the United Kingdom, number 4 in Ireland, New Zealand and Canada, number 2 in the United States, number 7 in the Netherlands and Finland and number 12 in Australia.






Moonlight (song)

"Moonlight" is the third single off of American rapper XXXTentacion's second studio album "?". The song was released on March 16, 2018 and as a single on August 14, 2018. The song was able to make it to #13 on the "Billboard" Hot 100. It was tied with "Falling Down" (with Lil Peep) as the third-highest-charting song in the United States. 

On October 1, 2018, a music video for the song was released. The music video was directed by JMP. In the video, Onfroy is seen at a party in the darkly lit woods. He wears headphones and walks around the party smiling with people. He is also seen off to the side by himself while watching partygoers. The text at the end of the video reads "ENERGY NEVER DIES. HE IS AMONGST US. LONG LIVE JAH." which is a tribute to Onfroy who died before the video was released. The music video has more than 1 billion views on YouTube.

Neoauthoritarianism (China)

Neoauthoritarianism (), also known as Chinese Neoconservativism or New Conservatism () since the 1990s, is a school of political thought in the People's Republic of China (PRC).

Neoconseevatism advocates a powerful state to facilitate market reforms.

Truşeni

Truşeni is a commune and small city inside Chișinău it is made of 2 small cities, Truşeni and Dumbrava. and has around 10,350 people.


2023 FIFA Women's World Cup Group A

In the 2023 FIFA Women's World Cup, Group A is a part of the tournament where teams compete against each other. It will happen from July 20th to July 30th, 2023. The teams in this group are New Zealand, Norway, the Philippines, and Switzerland. The two best teams from this group will move on to the next round, called the round of 16.

Notes

All times listed are local, NZST ().

<section begin=A1 /><section end=A1 />

<section begin=A2 /><section end=A2 />

This was only the second ever win for a Southeast Asian country (excluding Australia which geographically is not in Southeast Asia) at a senior World Cup (male or female) and the first since Thailand beat Ivory Coast in the 2015 Women's World Cup.
<section begin=A3 /><section end=A3 />

<section begin=A4 /><section end=A4 />

<section begin=A5 /><section end=A5 />

<section begin=A6 /><section end=A6 />

2023 FIFA Women's World Cup Group B

In the 2023 FIFA Women's World Cup, Group B is a part of the tournament where teams compete against each other. It will happen from July 20th to July 30th, 2023. The teams in this group are Australia, the Republic of Ireland, Nigeria and Canada. The two best teams from this group will move on to the next round, called the round of 16.

Notes

All times listed are local.

The match was originally scheduled to take place at Sydney Football Stadium, Sydney. However, FIFA confirmed in late January 2023 that the match would be moved to Stadium Australia, Sydney, due to significant interest in tickets.

<section begin=B1 /><section end=B1 />

<section begin=B2 /><section end=B2 />

<section begin=B3 /><section end=B3 />

<section begin=B4 /><section end=B4 />

<section begin=B5 /><section end=B5 />

<section begin=B6 /><section end=B6 />

2023 FIFA Women's World Cup Group C

In the 2023 FIFA Women's World Cup, Group C is a part of the tournament where teams compete against each other. It will happen from July 20th to July 30th, 2023. The teams in this group are Spain, Costa Rica, Zambia and Japan. The two best teams from this group will move on to the next round, called the round of 16.

Notes

In the round of 16:


All times listed are local, NZST ().

<section begin=C1 /><section end=C1 />

<section begin=C2 /><section end=C2 />

<section begin=C3 /><section end=C3 />

<section begin=C4 /><section end=C4 />

<section begin=C5 /><section end=C5 />

<section begin=C6 /><section end=C6 />

2023 FIFA Women's World Cup Group D

In the 2023 FIFA Women's World Cup, Group D is a part of the tournament where teams compete against each other. It will happen from July 20th to July 30th, 2023. The teams in this group are England, Haiti, Denmark and China. The two best teams from this group will move on to the next round, called the round of 16.

Notes

In the round of 16:


All times listed are local.

<section begin=D1 /><section end=D1 />

<section begin=D2 /><section end=D2 />

<section begin=D3 /><section end=D3 />

<section begin=D4 /><section end=D4 />

<section begin=D5 /><section end=D5 />

<section begin=D6 /><section end=D6 />

2023 FIFA Women's World Cup Group E

In the 2023 FIFA Women's World Cup, Group E is a part of the tournament where teams compete against each other. It will happen from July 20th to July 30th, 2023. The teams in this group are United States, Vietnam, the Netherlands and Portugal. The two best teams from this group will move on to the next round, called the round of 16.

Notes

In the round of 16:


All times listed are local, NZST ().

<section begin=E1 /><section end=E1 />

<section begin=E2 /><section end=E2 />

The two teams met at the 2019 final, in which the United States won 2–0.
<section begin=E3 /><section end=E3 />

<section begin=E4 /><section end=E4 />

<section begin=E5 /><section end=E5 />

<section begin=E6 /><section end=E6 />

2023 FIFA Women's World Cup Group F

In the 2023 FIFA Women's World Cup, Group F is a part of the tournament where teams compete against each other. It will happen from July 20th to July 30th, 2023. The teams in this group are France, Jamaica, Brazil and Panama. The two best teams from this group will move on to the next round, called the round of 16. 

Notes

In the round of 16:


All times listed are local.

<section begin=F1 /><section end=F1 />

<section begin=F2 /><section end=F2 />

<section begin=F3 /><section end=F3 />

<section begin=F4 /><section end=F4 />

<section begin=F5 /><section end=F5 />

<section begin=F6 /><section end=F6 />

2023 FIFA Women's World Cup Group G

In the 2023 FIFA Women's World Cup, Group G is a part of the tournament where teams compete against each other. It will happen from July 20th to July 30th, 2023. The teams in this group are.Sweden, South Africa, Italy and Argentina. The two best teams from this group will move on to the next round, called the round of 16.

Notes

In the round of 16:


All times listed are local, NZST ().

<section begin=G1 /><section end=G1 />

<section begin=G2 /><section end=G2 />

<section begin=G3 /><section end=G3 />

<section begin=G4 /><section end=G4 />

<section begin=G5 /><section end=G5 />

<section begin=G6 /><section end=G6 />

HD 168352

HD 168352, also named BD -17° 5136, is a blue supergiant star in the open cluster Messier 18. The star is at around 5,600 light years away from Earth.

2023 FIFA Women's World Cup Group H

In the 2023 FIFA Women's World Cup, Group H is a part of the tournament where teams compete against each other. It will happen from July 20th to July 30th, 2023. The teams in this group are Germany, Morocco, Colombia and South Korea.The two best teams from this group will move on to the next round, called the round of 16.

Notes

In the round of 16:


All times listed are local time.

<section begin=H1 /><section end=H1 />

<section begin=H2 /><section end=H2 />

<section begin=H3 /><section end=H3 />

<section begin=H4 /><section end=H4 />

<section begin=H5 /><section end=H5 />

<section begin=H6 /><section end=H6 />

Perry J. Dahl

Perry John Dahl (born February 18, 1923) is a retired United States Air Force colonel and a flying ace, who was credited in destroying 9 enemy aircraft in aerial combat during World War II.

Church of the Poison Mind

"Church of the Poison Mind" is a 1983 song by English new wave band Culture Club. It is the leading single from their second studio album "Colour by Numbers". It went to the top 10 in Australia, New Zealand, the United Kingdom, the United States, Canada, Belgium and Ireland.

A. "Church of the Poison Mind"<br>
B. "Man Shake"

"(Released in UK, Canada, Australia, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, Netherlands, Portugal, Sweden)"

A. "Church of the Poison Mind"<br>
B. "Mystery Boy"

"(Released in Peru, USA.)"

A. "Church of the Poison Mind"<br>
B1. "Mystery Boy"<br>
B2. "Man Shake"

"(Released at least in UK, Australia, Germany, Greece (different cover), Italy, Mexico.)"

A. "Church of the Poison Mind"<br>
B. "I'll Tumble 4 Ya" (extended dance mix)

"(Released in Canada.)"

I'll Tumble 4 Ya

"I'll Tumble 4 Ya" is a 1983 song by English new wave Culture Club and is the fifth and final single from their debut studio album "Kissing to Be Clever". It was only released in North America and went to both number 1 in the United States and Canada.




Altmühl

The Altmühl is a river in Bavaria, Germany and is about long. It is a left tributary of the river Danube.

The river starts in the town of Ansbach. From here it runs southeastwards it enters the Altmühlsee (a lake) north of Gunzenhausen. The Altmühl passes through the towns of Treuchtlingen, Eichstätt and Beilngries and finally flows into the Danube river at Kelheim.

Kiss from a Rose

"Kiss from a Rose" is a 1994 song by British soul singer Seal and is the second single from his second studio album of the same name. The song was later re-released on the "Batman Forever" movie soundtrack in 1995. It topped the single charts in Australia and the United States and went to the top 10 in Austria, Canada, Denmark, France, Ireland, the Netherlands, Norway, Sweden, Switzerland and the United Kingdom. It also missed the top 10 in Belgium, Germany and New Zealand. It won for two Grammy Awards in 1996.

Rehab (Rihanna song)

"Rehab" is a song by Barbadian singer Rihanna. It is the fifth and final single from her third studio album "Good Girl Gone Bad" (2007). It was released as a single in 2008. The song was written by Justin Timberlake and Timbaland (who also produced it). It topped the single charts in Israel. It went to top 10 in Austria, Belgium, Germany, Norway and Slovakia and went to top 20 in Canada, Denmark, the Netherlands, New Zealand, Switzerland, the United Kingdom and the United States. It also peaked at number 22 in Ireland and number 26 in Australia.


Mari El

Mari El (; ; ), officially the Mari El Republic, is a republic of Russia. It is along the northern bank of the Volga River. In 2010, 696,459 people lived in the republic. Yoshkar-Ola is the capital and largest city.

Le Chesnay-Rocquencourt

Le Chesnay-Rocquencourt is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Yvelines department in north-central France. In 2020, 31,057 people lived in Le Chesnay-Rocquencourt.

The commune is in the western suburbs of Paris, from the center.

The municipality was created on 1 January 2019 and consists of the former communes of Le Chesnay (the seat) and Rocquencourt.

Găvănoasa

Găvănoasa is a commune in Cahul District, Moldova. It has three villages: Găvănoasa, Nicolaevca and Vladimirovca.

Hartheim am Rhein

Hartheim am Rhein is a town in Breisgau-Hochschwarzwald in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.

Karma Chameleon

"Karma Chameleon" is a 1983 song by English new wave band Culture Club. It is the second single from their second studio album "Colour by Numbers". It topped the single charts in Australia, Belgium, Canada, Ireland, the Netherlands, New Zealand, Norway, South Africa, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, the United Kingdom and the United States.

Victims (song)

"Victims" is a 1983 song by English new wave band Culture Club. It was taken from their second studio album "Colour by Numbers". It went to number 3 in the United Kingdom, number 4 in Australia, number 11 in Belgium, number 7 in New Zealand and number 2 in Ireland and Italy. It was not released in North America, South America and Japan.

Ahir Kingdom

The Ahir (Abhira) Kingdom in the Mahabharata is one of two kingdoms near the Sarasvati River which existed only as a dried up river bed during the time of the Kurukshetra War. They were dominated by the Ahirs/Abhiras sometimes referred to as Sur-abhira also, combining both Sura and Abhira kingdoms. The modern day Ahir/Abhira territory lies within the Northern areas of Gujarat and Southern Rajasthan, India.
Ahirs are mentioned as warriors in support of Duryodhana in the Mahabharat war. The Gopas, whom Krishna had offered to Duryodhana to fight in his support when he himself joined Arjuna's side, were no other than the Yadavas themselves, who were also the Ahirs. The Ahirs also have been described as Vratya Kshatriyas. The Ahirs are said to have looted the troops of Arjuna, the Pandava, when he was returning from Dwaraka being accompanied by some of the members of Sri Krishna's family after the death of the later. Abhiras are said to have waylaid Arjuna and deprived him of remaining wealth from Dwarka and women somewhere in Punjab. In Mahabharat Ahir, Gopa, Gopal and Yadavas are all synonyms. They defeated the hero of Mahabharat war, and did spare him when he disclosed the identity of the members of the family of Sri Krishna.
The Ahirs ruled Western Maharashtra which included Nasik, Aparanta, Lata and Khandesh.

According to historian Sudhakar Chattopadhyaya the Ahir Kingdom (Ay Dynasty) was far more extended in South India.

Porus was an ancient Indian king whose territory spanned the region between the Hydaspes River of Jhelum and Acesines (Chenab River), in the Punjab region. He is credited to have been a legendary warrior with exceptional skills.Porus fought against Alexander the Great in the Battle of the Hydaspes (326 BC), thought to be fought at the site of modern-day Mong, Punjab, which is now part of Pakistan. Ancient Greek historians describe the battle and the aftermath of Alexander's victory. After the defeat and arrest of Porus in the war, Alexander asked Porus how he would like to be treated. Porus, although defeated, being a valiant, proud king, stated that he be treated like how Alexander himself would expect to be treated. Alexander was reportedly so impressed by his adversary that he not only reinstated him as a satrap of his own kingdom but also granted him dominion over lands to the south-east extending until the Hyphasis (Beas).Porus reportedly died sometime between 321 and 315 BC.

According to historian Ishwari Prasad, Porus might have been a Yaduvanshi Shurasena. He argued that Porus' vanguard soldiers carried a banner of Heracles whom Megasthenes—who travelled to India after Porus had been supplanted by Chandragupta—explicitly identified with the Shurasenas of Mathura. This Heracles of Megasthenes and Arrian (the so called Megasthenes' Herakles) has been identified by some scholars as Krishna and by others as his elder brother Baladeva, who were both the ancestors and patron deities of Shoorsainis Yaduvansh.
Iswhari Prashad and others, following his lead, found further support of this conclusion in the fact that a section of Shurasenas were supposed to have migrated westwards to Punjab and modern Afghanistan from Mathura and
Dvārakā, after Krishna walked to heaven and had established new kingdoms there.

The Early Kalachuris or Kalachuris of Mahismati were generally classified as of Abhira lineage. As the Kalachuri-Era was started by Abhira king Ishwardutta/Ishwarsena and the Early Kalachuris were also closely connected with the Abhira-Traikutakas, who claimed to be the Yadavas of Haihaya sect. The Later Kalachuris were regarded as namesakes and they had no connection with the Early Kalachuris.

The following are the known rulers of the Kalachuri dynasty of Mahismati with their estimated reigns (IAST names in brackets):

• Krishnaraja (Kṛṣṇarāja), r. c. 550-575 CE

• Shankaragana (Śaṃkaragaṇa), r. c. 575-600 CE

• Buddharaja (Buddharāja), r. c. 600-625 CE

It is generally believed that Traikutakas were another class of Abhiras. And that is why they also have been called Abhira-Traikutaka in history. Indradutta, Dahrasena and Vyaghrasena are the chief kings of this dynasty. The Traikutakas are known for their Vaishnava sect, who claimed to be the Yadavas of the Haihaya lineage. And Dahrasena also performed Ashwamedh Yajna. The following were the principal rulers:


The Chudasama Dynasty is originally considered to be of Abhira lineage of Sindh. Graharipu of this lineage has been called as Abhira and Yadava in the poetry of Hemachandracharya. According to Indian historian Vidarbha Singh, Chudasama people are the descendants of Samma-Yadavas of the Nagar Samachi of Sindh, who probably migrated from Sindh in the 9th century. Harald Tambs-Lyche believes that the popular story evidence based on the poetry that was Chudasama Dynasty in Junagadh that is in Saurashtra (Sorath) region of Gujarat. The Chudasama line of Abhiras was traditionally established in 875 CE. Chudasama rulers were also often addressed by titles like 'Ahir Rana or Abhira Ranaka' and by the idea of ​​Harald Tambs-Lyche "Chudasama state was composed of Ahir caste and many small princely (petty) states which were later classified into Rajputs." Dulmaka Chudasama, the last ruler of this lineage, accepted Islam religion under the influence of Muhhamed Baghara in 1470. Baghara had invaded Girnar of Chudasama Dynasty many times.


Kalgi, Estonia

Kalgi is a village in Pühalepa Parish, Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia.

Practical jokes

A practical joke also called a prank is a trick used to embarrass or confuse someone as a joke. Practical jokes are extremely common on April Fools.

Some common pranks include

• Egging, throwing eggs at people or property

• Pantsing, pulling down a person’s trousers or underwear

• Giving people itching powder, which is a powder that makes people need to scratch.

• Kick Me note, putting a sign saying “kick me” on someone’s back so that people will kick them.

• Milkshaking, throwing milkshakes at people.

• Mooning, when a person takes off their pants and underwear and make other people look at their buttocks.

• Panty raid, stealing women’s underwear.

• Pieing, throwing pies into people’s faces.

• Toilet Papering, covering a building with toilet paper.

• Wedgie, grabbing onto someone’s underpants and pulling at them.

• Wet willy, when a person puts their finger in their mouth and then in someone else’s ear.

Kerema, Estonia

Kerema is a village in Pühalepa Parish, Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia.

Kuri, Estonia

Kuri is a village in Pühalepa Parish, Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia.

Loja, Estonia

Loja is a village in Pühalepa Parish, Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia.

Lõpe, Hiiu County

Lõpe is a village in Pühalepa Parish, Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia.

Määvli

Määvli is a village in Pühalepa Parish, Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia.

Pantsing

Pantsing is pulling down someone else’s pants and sometimes their underwear without them wanting it. It is sometimes a prank and sometimes bullying.

In colleges in the United States before World War Two it was extremely common for male sophomores to pants male freshmen. Pantsing was also used in fraternity hazing. In 1971, the journalist Gail Sheehy said that it happened a lot to girls in elementary school and that it was actually sexual assault. 
Pantsing is also called debagging in England, dacking in Australia, breeking in Scotland, down-trou in New Zealand, and jocking in Ireland. It’s also sometimes called sharking but only when it’s used for sexual assault.

Another prank that is like this one is giving someone a wedgie where the underwear is pulled up instead of down. 

Pantsing is sometimes used by kids who are bullying other children. In 1996, a woman named Juanita Ross Epp wrote a book saying that teachers who didn’t have a problem with their students pantsing other students were doing a bad job because pantsing was bullying. 

In The Simpsons, the nerdy character Martin Prince wears a lot of different bathing suits at the same time when swimming in a pool since he knows Bart Simpson will pull them down but then so many other people pull them down that Martin ends up naked.

In Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix, Harry is upset when he finds out that when his dead father James Potter was 15, he was a bully to Severus Snape who would use magic to take off Snape’s trousers and maybe his underwear in front of a lot of people and also made him eat soap. 

https://m.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/news/northern-ireland/fourth-charge-put-to-lisburn-teen-accused-of-sexual-assault-by-sharking/31576647.html

https://slate.com/human-interest/2012/07/gretchen-hamel-pantsing-where-did-pantsing-and-depantsing-come-from.html

https://www.cbc.ca/amp/1.4726767

https://www.khou.com/amp/article/news/local/6th-grade-students-punished-for-pantsing/285-148654445

https://www.mugglenet.com/2018/02/james-potter-jerk/

https://simpsons.fandom.com/wiki/Bart_of_Darkness/Quotes

Cherry Hill Park

Cherry Hill Park is a campground in College Park, Maryland. It was made in 1945 and used to be a dairy farm.

Three Days of the Condor

Three Days of the Condor is a 1975 American mystery thriller directed by Sydney Pollack and was based on the 1974 novel "Six Days of the Condor" by James Grady. It stars Robert Redford, Faye Dunaway, Max von Sydow, Cliff Robertson, John Houseman, Addison Powell, Helen Stenborg, Walter McGinn and Tina Chen. It was distributed by Paramount Pictures and was nominated for an Academy Award in 1976.


Tsade

Tsade is the eighteenth letter of the Hebrew alphabet. It is written as "צ" in the middle of a word. At the end of the word, it is written as "ץ". In Modern Hebrew, it is pronounced as a voiceless alveolar affricate

Atiki Ally Atiki

Atiki Ally Atiki (born 12 January 2001) is a Tanzanian college basketball player who currently plays for BYU Cougars men's basketball of the NCAA Men's basketball NCAA Division I basketball play.   


Rohanixalus hansenae

The eastern bush frog, Hansen's bubble-nest frog, Chon Buri pigmy tree frog, Hansen's bushfrog, or Hansen's Asian tree frog ("Rohanixalus vittatus") is a frog. Scientists are not sure where it lives. They believe it lives in China, Vietnam, Thailand, Bangladesh, and Myanmar. Scientists have seen it in exactly one place: Mount Shiwanda in Guanxi Province, 937 meters above sea level.

The female frog stays near the eggs after she lays them. Scientists have seen female frogs jump on grasshoppers that come to eat the eggs.

The tadpoles can hatch out of their eggs early if there is a flood. If there is a flood, eggs that do not hatch early die.

Jess Jonassen

Jessica Louise Jonassen (born 5 November 1992) is a cricketer from Australia. Jonassen plays for the national women's team. She was born on November 5, 1992.

Grace Harris

Grace Margaret Harris is a cricketer from Australia. Grace plays for Queensland Fire in the Women's National Cricket League and Brisbane Heat in the Women's Big Bash League. She was born on September 18, 1993.

Ashleigh Gardner

Ashleigh Katherine Gardner is a cricketer from Australia. Ashleigh plays for the national women's team. She was born on April 15, 1997.

Rachael Haynes

Rachael Louise Haynes is a former international cricketer from Australia. Rachael was the winner of six world championships as a member of the national women's team. He was born on December 26, 1986.

Tahlia McGrath

Tahlia May McGrath is a cricketer from Australia. She was born on November 10, 1995.

Beth Mooney

Bethany Louise Mooney is a professional cricketer from Australia. She plays for the national cricket team. She was born on January 14, 1994.

Alyssa Healy

Alyssa Jean Healy is a cricketer from Australia. She plays for the Australian women's national team and New South Wales. Alyssa was born on March 24, 1990.

Meg Lanning

Meghann Moira Lanning is a cricketer from Australia. She is the captain of the national women's team. She was born on March 25, 1992.

Robert Gray (discus thrower)

Robert Gray (born October 5, 1956) is a former athlete from Canada. Robert competed in the men's discus throw at the 1984 Summer Olympics.

Rakibul Hasan

Rakibul Hasan is a cricketer from Bangladesh. He was born on September 9, 2002.

Kuldeep Singh Sisodiya

Kuldeep Singh Sisodiya (born January 11, 1994) is an Indian basketball player and coach. Known for his notable awards and his achievements "", "Open 3x3 Gold Medal (2021)", "", "", "".

Kuldeep Singh Sisodiya was born on January 11, 1994. He pursued his education and holds a Bachelor's degree in Arts (BA) and Bachelor's degree in Physical Education (BPED). He also holds certification from the .

Sisodiya's career in basketball began in 2009 when he was selected by the as a player. Over the next five years, he participated in various state and national-level competitions, where he consistently showcased his exceptional skills and talent, earning several medals and trophies.

In 2015, Sisodiya became a certified professional basketball coach, opening new opportunities for him to share his knowledge and passion for the sport. The same year, he led his team to victory in the Gujarat College Basketball League, solidifying his reputation as an outstanding coach.

In 2017, Sisodiya's coaching abilities were recognized on a national level when he was selected as the coach for the during the held in Nepal. Under his guidance, the team achieved a gold medal, highlighting his exceptional coaching skills and ability to bring out the best in his players.

Throughout his career, Sisodiya has received numerous awards and honors for his contributions to basketball. He was honored with the "District Collector Award" in Ajmer, Rajasthan, for his outstanding achievements in sports. Additionally, he received the "Best Sports Personality Award" from the Home Minister of Rajasthan and was recognized by the "Rajput Khel Mahasangh" in Rajasthan.

In 2019, Sisodiya's coaching prowess earned him a selection as a coach for the "". Simultaneously, he continued to excel as a player, participating in the Senior Nationals and emerging victorious in the Teenager Basketball League.

The year 2021 proved to be another successful year for Sisodiya, as he won the "Open 3x3 Gold Medal" and the Ahmedabad Basketball League Gold Medal in the Women's category. In 2022, he led his team to the runners-up position in the Corporate Basketball League and received a cash prize of 1 lakh for his remarkable achievements in sports.

In 2023, Sisodiya took on the role of head coach for in the Corporate Basketball League, further solidifying his reputation as a respected coach. He also continued to excel as a player by participating in the and was selected as a player for the "Corporate Basketball League Champion Season 2". Furthermore, he led his team to victory in the Teenager Basketball League.


Zoran Barisic

Zoran Barisic ( born 22 May 1970) is an Austrian football manager and a former player. He is currently manager of SK Rapid Wien . Before this he was sporting director of the club.
Barisic made his Bundesliga debut in 1989 for Wiener Sport-Club. The midfielder left the club after relegation to the second division He moved to Favoritner AC, a club that also played in the second division of the Bundesliga. After Barisic narrowly missed promotion to the first division with the team, he left the Favoritner after just one season and went to VfB Mödling. He only stayed in Mödling for a year.

In 1993 he went to SK Rapid Wien. He soon played regularly in the first team. In 1995 he won the Austrian Cup. In 1996 they won the championship. Zoran Barisic also played a major role in the successes of the team in the 1995/96 season. With Rapid he played in the team which reached the final of the European Cup Winners' Cup.

Barišić left SK Rapid and went to FC Linz in the Upper Austrian capital for a few months. After the liquidation of the club through a merger with LASK Linz, the Viennese moved to FC Tirol Innsbruck. There he became champion 3 times in a row. After the liquidation of the club in 2002 due to financial problems he went back to VfB Admira Wacker Mödling. 2004/05 Zoran Barisic played in the Regionalliga Ost for the Burgenland club SC Eisenstadt.

He played one match for the Austrian national football team versus Israel on 6 June 1999.
In September 2006 Barisic became assistant coach under the new coach Peter Pacult. After differences at the start of the 2009/10 Barisic became coach at the club's youth academy. After Pacult was dismissed in April 2011 he became caretaker at SK Rapid Wien. At the beginning of the 2011/12 season he became coach of SK Rapid Wien II . When Peter Schöttel was sacked Barisic took over the coaching position at SK Rapid again and reached third place in the Bundesliga with his team. Then his contract was extended until 2014. In the 2013/14 season Rapid was runner-up under him and reached the group stage of the Europa League. After the end of the season, his contract was extended by one year until the summer of 2015. On 6 June 2016 Rapid and Barisic announced their separation.

2017 he became coach of the Turkish first division club Karabükspor . In June he left the club due to outstanding salary payments.Barisic has been since September 2018 head coach of Olimpija Ljubljana . He signed a three-year contract. After the end of the autumn season he resigned.

From 16 May 2019 Barisic was sporting director of SK Rapid. In October 2022 he took over as interim head coach as successor to Ferdinand Feldhofer. At the end of December 2022 he was replaced as sporting director by Markus Katzer. In February 2023 he was reappointed as head coach.

Rapid Wien

Tirol Innsbruck


Cambium

Cambium is a tissue in plants which is made of dividing cells. In trees it is found between phloem and xylem tissue.

There are several types of cambium depending on where it is in a tree or plant. Usually we only see the cork cambium, which makes the tough outer layer, the bark. Unlike the bark, cambium is made of living cells. They are one of the ways in which trees can go on growing for many years.

You Give Me Something (Jamiroquai song)

"You Give Me Something" is a 2001 song by English funk band Jamiroquai. It is the second single from their fifth studio album "A Funk Odyssey". It went to number 16 in the United Kingdom, number 30 in France, number 40 in Ireland, number 20 in Italy, number 34 in Australia and number 17 in Spain.

UK CD1

UK CD2

UK DVD single

UK cassette single

European CD single

US CD single

Australian CD single

Love Foolosophy

"Love Foolosophy" is a 2002 song by English funk band Jamiroquai. It is the third single from their fifth studio album "A Funk Odyssey". It went to number 14 in the United Kingdom and made the top 20 in Australia, Italy, Scotland and Spain. The music video features Jay Kay and his girlfriend Heidi Klum.

UK CD single

UK DVD single

UK 12-inch single

Australian CD single

The Heart of Rock &amp; Roll – The Best of Huey Lewis and The News

"The Heart of Rock & Roll – The Best of Huey Lewis and The News" is a 1992 compilation album by Huey Lewis and the News. It went to number 23 in Australia and the United Kingdom, number 3 in New Zealand, number 40 in Japan and number 39 in Switzerland. It features tracks from their five of their studio albums and two from the "Back to the Future" soundtrack.

Jogaram Patel

Jogaram Patel is an Indian politician from the Bharatiya Janata Party. He was MLA from the Luni block in Jodhpur, Rajasthan.

Plaisir, Yvelines

Plaisir is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Yvelines department in north France. In 2020, 30,897 people lived in Plaisir.

The commune is in the western outer suburbs of Paris, from the center.

Plaisir is twinned with:


Viry-Châtillon

Viry-Châtillon is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France. In 2020, 31,098 people lived in Viry-Châtillon.

The commune is in the southern suburbs of Paris, from the center.

Viry-Châtillon is twinned with:


Moita

Moita is a municipality in the Setúbal District in Portugal. In 2011, 66,029 people lived there and its area is 55.26 km².

Paluküla, Hiiu County

Paluküla is a village in Pühalepa Parish, Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia.

Rakvere

Rakvere is a town in northern Estonia and is the capital of the Lääne-Viru County. It is 20 km south of the Gulf of Finland of the Baltic Sea.

Marlenheim

Marlenheim is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France. It is twinned with Bouillante (Guadeloupe, France).

Marmoutier

Marmoutier is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France. It is the site of the former Marmoutier Abbey.

Matzenheim

Matzenheim is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Meistratzheim

Meistratzheim is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Melsheim

Melsheim is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Memmelshoffen

Memmelshoffen is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Menchhoffen

Menchhoffen is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Merkwiller-Pechelbronn

Merkwiller-Pechelbronn is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France. It is known for its oil sands mining.

Oil sands were mined from 1745 in Merkwiller-Pechelbronn. The Pechelbronn oil field was active until 1970. The first modern oil refinery was built there in 1857.

Mertzwiller

Mertzwiller is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.


Mietesheim

Mietesheim is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Federico Chiesa

Federico Chiesa (born 25 October 1997) is an Italian football player. He plays as a winger or forward for Juventus and the Italy national team. He is the son of former football player Enrico Chiesa.

Roma, Queensland

Roma is a town in Queensland, Australia. It is the capital of the Maranoa Region. The town was founded in 1867 and is named after Lady Diamantina Bowen (née di Roma), the wife of Sir George Bowen, the first Governor of Queensland. In the , 6,848 people lived in Roma.

Not Me, Not I

"Not Me, Not I" is a 2003 song by Australian singer Delta Goodrem and is the fourth single from her debut studio album "Innocent Eyes". It went to number 1 in Australia, number 11 in New Zealand, number 14 in Scotland, number 18 in the United Kingdom, number 25 in Ireland and number 49 in the Netherlands.

Woad

Woad is a flowering plant that was cultivated to produce indigo dye. It is native to the Mediterranean, Central Asia, and Europe. It was historically produced in England, France, and Germany in medieval times. Eventually, the Indigo plant replaced woad as Europe's main cash crop that produces indigo dye. Woad also has medicinal properties, as an astringent. Romans referred to Celts of northern Britain as Picts because they used woad to heal their battle scars, producing a blue tattoo.

Good Life (OneRepublic song)

"Good Life" is a 2010 song by American pop rock band OneRepublic and is taken from their second studio album "Waking Up" (2009). It went to number 5 in Canada, number 8 in Luxembourg and the United States, number 9 in Austria, number 14 in Switzerland, number 19 in Denmark and Germany, number 22 in New Zealand, number 25 in the Netherlands, number 41 in Ireland and Sweden and number 47 in Italy. It charted poorly in Australia where it made #62.



All the Right Moves (OneRepublic song)

"All the Right Moves" is a 2009 song by American pop rock band OneRepublic and is the lead single from their second studio album "Waking Up". It went to the top 10 in Austria, Belgium, the Czech Republic, Ireland, Israel, Luxembourg, New Zealand, Norway, Slovakia and Switzerland and went to top 20 in Finland, France, Germany, Hungary, Sweden and the United States. It also missed the top 20 in Canada.


Black and White (The Stranglers album)

Black and White is the third studio album by English rock band The Stranglers. It was released on 12 May, 1978 through United Artists. It went to number 2 in the United Kingdom, number 81 in Australia and number 35 in Sweden.

Self-released by the Stranglers, "Black and White" received a deluxe vinyl reissue in 2016, limited to 1000 numbered copies. The original 12-track album is coupled with a bonus 7-track album, which includes various associated tracks from the period and the previously unreleased "Social Secs/Wasting Time".


Zotikov Glacier

Zotikov Glacier () is a glacier in Antarctica that merges into another glacier. It is long, flowing northeast from Mount Fisher to Liv Glacier. Named by the Advisory Committee on Antarctic Names for Dr. Igor Zotikov, Soviet glaciologist.

Zotikov was part of a program that trades scientists from one country to another, in this case from Russia to the United States. The name of the program was called the United States Antarctic Research Program. The program was located at the United States station in Antarctica called McMurdo Station. Zotikov did research at the station in 1965.


Rohanixalus vittatus

The two-striped pigmy tree frog, Boulenger's tree frog, violet pigmy tree frog, striped Asian tree frog, lateral-striped opposite-fingered tree frog, striped bubble-nest frog, Burmese bush frog, two-striped bubble-nest frog, or Bhamo tree frog ("Rohanixalus vittatus") is a frog. It lives in China, Vietnam, Cambodia, Laos, Tibet, Thailand, Myanmar and the Andaman Islands in India. Scientists have seen it in exactly one place: Mount Shiwanda in Guanxi Province, 937 meters above sea level.

Dale Glacier

Dale Glacier () is a glacier that has a trench. It flows southwest from Mount Huggins and flows west into another Glacier. In 1963 the glacier was named for Robert L. Dale. He was a pilot in the United States Navy and stationed at McMurdo Station in Antarctica.


Johann Schwarz

Johann Schwarz (1891–1914) was an Austrian footballer. Schwarz played for First Vienna FC and Wiener AF as striker. He played in three matches for the Austria national football team from 1911 to 1913.
Hans Schwarz started his career at DBC Sturm Prague. Then he went to Karlsbader FC . His next stop was at Hamburger FC 1888. Because First Vienna FC had a striker problem they let Hans Schwarz play together with Martin Laessig as "guest on engagement" at the Hohe Warte in autumn 1910 . Martin Laessig soon returned to Germany.

Hans Schwarz was able to put his shooting power to the test in the ÖFV's first championship season in 1911/12. With 22 goals he was the top scorer in the league. The striker of the Vienna had quickly made a name for himself in Vienna. In the summer of 1912 he went to the title candidate WAF . This soon was a case for the sports courts. The player was banned until the end of the season. So it happened that Hans Schwarz could not play a single championship game for an entire season and was only allowed to play again in 1913/14, now for the WAF. As the second best league scorer, he shot the WAF to the Austrian champions with 21 goals. WAF won the decisive championship game in the last round against Vienna thanks to a brace from Schwarz and his strike partner Adi Fischera 4:2.
On 7 May 1911 he made his international debut for Austria in a 3-1 win over Hungary. He also played in the following 2-1 away win against Germany. His last match was also versus Hungary.
A few weeks after the match versus Vienna he was killed as soldier in Russia during World War I.

Mohammed Siraj

Mohammed Siraj (; born 13 March 1994) is an international cricketer from India who plays for the Indian national cricket team. Mohammed was born on March 13, 1994. He plays for Royal Challengers Bangalore in the Indian Premier League and for Hyderabad in domestic cricket. As of September 2023, Siraj is currently ranked World No. 1 in the ICC men's ODI bowlers rankings.


Robert Barrie

Robert Barrie (born 11 October 1951) is a modern pentathlete from Australia. Robert competed at the 1972 and 1980 Summer Olympics.

Hiroyuki Kawazoe

Hiroyuki Kawazoe is a modern pentathlete from Japan. Hiroyuki competed at the 1976 and 1984 Summer Olympics. He was born on May 28, 1952.

Akira Kubo

Akira Kubo is a modern pentathlete from Japan. Akira competed at the 1972 and 1976 Summer Olympics. He was born on January 12, 1943.

Shoji Uchida

Shoji Uchida is a Japanese modern pentathlete. Shoji competed at the 1976 and 1984 Summer Olympics. He was born on June 25, 1949.

Shigeaki Uchino

Shigeaki Uchino was a modern pentathlete from Japan. Shigeaki competed at the 1960 and 1964 Summer Olympics. He was born on January 20, 1931 and died on January 14, 2016.

Shinichi Tomii

Shinichi Tomii is a modern pentathlete from Japan. Shinichi competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics. He was born on September 1, 1980.

Katsuaki Tashiro

Katsuaki Tashiro is a modern pentathlete from Japan. Katsuaki competed at the 1968 Summer Olympics. He was born on November 6, 1937.

Wilhelm Hahnemann

Wilhelm Hahnemann (14 April 1914 – 23 August 1991) was an Austrian football player. He started his career at Admira Vienna. He also played for the Austrian national football team. After the occupation of Austria by Nazi-Germany he also played for the German national football team.

Willy Hahnenmann began his football career at SR Donaufeld. 1931 he came to SK Admira Wien in the first division. In the period up to 1939 he won five Austrian championships and the ÖFB Cup twice. In the famous 8-0 victory over Rapid in the cup final in 1934, he scored three goals. The highlight of Hahnemann's Admira career was reaching the 1934 final of the Mitropacup, where he also scored two goals against Naples and goals against Sparta and Juventus. 

In the 1935-36 Austrian league season he scored 23 goals for his club to become the league's top scorer. On 13 September 1943 Hahnemann played in a friendly for Slavia Prague. Hahnemann scored 9 and Josef Bican scored 8 in a 20-1 victory against SK Uhonice.

After the end of the war, the Admiran was forced to transfer to SC Wacker Wien due to his place of residence in Vienna. As the club's top scorer in the championship and with two goals in the cup final in a 4-3 win against Austria, he played a key role in Wacker's only two national titles.
Hahnemann played 23 games from 1935 to 1948 for the Austria national football team and scored four goals in these appearances. 

After the Anschluss Hahnemann played 23 matches for Germany's national team between 1938 and 1941, scoring 16 goals. He also appeared with the German squad that took part in the 1938 World Cup in France.

In a 1940 international match he managed the feat of a double hat-trick in a 13:0 victory over Finland. The only player to score more goals for Germany in a single match was Gottfried Fuchs who scored 10 times against Russia at the 1912 Olympic games in Stockholm. He also played for Austria at the 1948 Summer Olympics.
After his player career he became coach for First Vienna FC. He then replaced Hans Krauss as coach of SpVgg Fürth in the German Oberliga Süd in 1953. He stayed two seasons. and in Switzerland. Then he went to Switzerland to Grasshopper Club Zurich . In three seasons he won the double of championship and Swiss Cup in 1956. In 1958 he moved to the National League B to FC Biel-Bienne for a year. Hahnemann went then back to Wacker after the black and white team got more and more into trouble. The former striker had to substitute himself in an match against Vienna due to a lack of players. At the age of 45, he scored his 230th championship goal. 1961/62 he accepted another engagement at FC Biel-Bienne. 1961/62 he coached FC Wacker Innsbruck before retiring from professional football. 

As player-coach of the Hütteldorfer AC in the 3rd Vienna class he was top scorer . Then he went to Switzerland again and coached Lausanne-Sports for the 1966/67 season. From 1968 to 1970 Hahnemann coached the second-class Wiener AC and then FV Biberach 1970/71.


Kazuhiro Tanaka

Kazuhiro Tanaka is a modern pentathlete from Japan. Kazuhiro competed at the 1960 Summer Olympics. He was born on July 8, 1936.

Atelier Iris 2: The Azoth of Destiny

Atelier Iris 2: The Azoth of Destiny known in Japan as Atelier Iris: Eternal Mana 2 is an role-playing video game. It was developed by Gust Co. Ltd. for the PlayStation 2. A sequel to "" (2005), atough it is a prequel.

Android Gingerbread

Android 2.3 - 2.3.7 "Gingerbread" is a version of the Android operating system developed by Google and released on .

The version consisted of interface improvement, 3D image processing, keyboard, power management, task management, video calling and audio.

The Nexus S smartphone, released in , was the first phone in the Google Nexus lineup to run Gingerbread, and also the first one in the lineup with built-in functionality.

As , statistics published by Google indicate that 0.2% of all Android devices with access to Google Play run Gingerbread.


Laos-China Railway

The Laos-China Railway is a 414-kilometer railway line that connects the capital city of Laos, Vientiane, to the Chinese border. 

It is part of China's Belt and Road Initiative. It is expected to help economic development in Laos. It may improve transport of goods between Laos and China. The railway project began in 2016 and was opened in 2021. The line runs between Boten, on the Chinese border and Vientiane. As of 2023 there are no passenger services across the border. As to freight: In the first two and a half months of operation, about 500.000 t of goods were transported, about 100.000 t were transported across the border. 
Laos is a poor country. It paid 30% of the construction costs. China paid the remaining (70%). This debt accounts for about 80% of Laos' Gross domestic product. Estimates are that the interest for the Chinese loan make up about 20% of Laos' yearly expenses.
Nevertheless, somebody in Laos has said that the line is good for the economy, because transporting goods has become much easier, and cheaper. 

Wells

Wells means:

Wells may also refer to:



If I Fell

"If I Fell" is a 1964 song by The Beatles. It was taken from their album "A Hard Day's Night" and is the B-side to the single And I Love Her. It went to number 53 in the United States, number 28 in Canada and topped the chart in Norway.

Digital euro

A Digital Euro, is the project of the European Central Bank (ECB) to plan and possibly introduce of a central bank digital currency (CBDC). 

The aim of the project is to develop a fast and secure digital currency bound to the Euro. Individuals and businesses could use it additionally to Euro in cash and in bank accounts, and would be issued by the European System of Central Banks of the Eurozone. The study phase will run from October 2021 to October 2023 and will prepare a decision on the introduction. 

Arguments and motives for the introduction of a digital euro are, according to the ECB:

In addition to these motives, the possibility of a further decline in the use of cash as a means of payment plays a role in the discussion on the digital euro.

On October 2, 2020, the ECB published a report outlining the introduction of a digital euro from the perspective of the Eurosystem.
Since 2020, several projects have been launched in collaboration with the European Investment Bank (EIB) to test the issuance, control and transfer of central bank digital currency, as well as securities tokens and smart contracts on a blockchain.

Following preliminary planning and the presentation of the results of a public consultation in early 2021, the ECB decided in July 2021 to launch a digital euro project to prepare for the possible introduction of a digital euro. No technical barriers were identified during the preliminary planning. The research, which is scheduled to run until autumn 2023, aims to shed light on the distribution to merchants and citizens, the impact on markets and the necessary European legislation. No preliminary decision has therefore been taken on the introduction of the digital euro.

In September 2022, the ECB announces a collaboration with five companies (Amazon, CaixaBank, Worldline, EPI and Nexi) to develop potential user interfaces for the digital euro.

Burkhard Balz, a member of the Bundesbank's Executive Board, sees the digital euro not least as a means of strengthening European sovereignty in payments. In his view, the digital euro could be designed to support programmable payments in a highly automated environment.

The first progress report on the investigation phase ("Progress on the investigation phase of a digital euro") was published by the ECB in September 2022.

Speaking at the conference "Towards a legislative framework enabling a digital euro for citizens and businesses" held in Brussels in early November 2022, Christine Lagarde, President of the European Central Bank, reiterated that the digital euro is not a stand-alone project limited to the area of payments. Rather, it is a cross-policy and truly European initiative that has the potential to have an impact on society as a whole.

In December 2022, the ECB published the second progress report on the investigation phase.

In January 2023, the ECB invited experts in the field of payments/finance to express their interest in contributing to the development of a set of rules for the digital euro.

At the end of May 2023, the ECB published the results of a market research and prototyping project. The market research had shown that there was a sufficiently large pool of European vendors capable of developing digital euro solutions. It had also shown that different types of architectural and technological design options were available to develop a technical solution for a digital euro. The prototyping project involved the integration of five user interfaces developed by different vendors for each use case (front-end prototypes) and a settlement system designed and developed by the Eurosystem (back-end prototype). Different design options were tested to determine whether they could be technically implemented and integrated into the Eurosystem's settlement system. The tests showed that it would be possible to integrate a digital euro smoothly into the existing payment landscape, while leaving room for the market to use innovative features and technologies in the dissemination of a digital euro. The results also confirmed that, in principle, a digital euro could function both online and offline using different technical concepts. The question remains whether an offline solution that meets the Eurosystem's requirements and achieves the necessary scale can be implemented in the short to medium term using existing technology.

The Verbraucherzentrale Bundesverband (Public German Consumer Protection Organisation) sees the digital euro as a public good and thus an opportunity to make digital payments more consumer-oriented.

The German Informatics Society (GI) sees the introduction of a digital euro and the simultaneous decline of cash as a threat to informational self-determination and privacy; there is a danger of the "Gläsnerer Mensch" (German metaphor for data protection, representing the complete "screening" of people and their behavior by a monitoring state, which is perceived as negative).

From the perspective of the German Banking Industry Committee, the global trend toward central bank digital currency is unmistakable and represents both an opportunity and a challenge. The planned introduction of a digital euro is seen as an important contribution to the digitalization of the economy and society and to securing Europe's sovereignty and competitiveness. The digital money ecosystem proposed in a policy paper is intended to go beyond digital cash and consists of three elements:

The Association of German Banks supports the introduction of a digital euro. In a position paper published in February 2023, the private banks emphasize the evolution of cash, their role in its issuance, its openness to innovation, and their desire to minimize the risks of its introduction. Among the risks, the private banks specifically mention those affecting their business (disintermediation, diminishing returns, weakening of their customer relationship) and that a weakening of their investment capabilities could lead to the failure of the digital euro.

The Bundesverband der Deutschen Volksbanken und Raiffeisenbanken (BdV) welcomes the ECB's plans for a digital euro, but criticizes that the needs of the economy for a future digital payment method have not yet been sufficiently taken into account.

In a position paper published at the end of September 2022, the Bundesverband der Deutschen Industrie (BDI, Federation of German Industries) warns that the needs of the industry must be taken into account when introducing a digital euro. The programmability of payments is a key demand. of payments is a central requirement. 

For Paschal Donohoe, president of the Eurogroup, a body of finance ministers from euro member states, the digital euro project is about maintaining the link between citizens and central bank money: as central bank money, the digital euro would be convertible one-to-one into euro banknotes.

Unlike the industry, the Eurogroup does not want the digital euro to be equipped with additional functions.

In June 2023, the European Commission proposed in a draft regulation on the introduction of the digital euro that a digital euro should be made available as a legal tender not only to banks, but above all to the general public. The Commission wants to design the processing of digital euro transactions in such a way that neither the European Central Bank nor the national central banks can attribute data to an identified or identifiable digital euro user.



Santa Rosa, Rio Grande do Sul

Santa Rosa is a municipality in the Brazilian state of Rio Grande do Sul. It has an area of 488.42 km². In 2020, 73,575 people lived there.


Municipalities of Brazil

The municipalities of Brazil () are administrative divisions of the Brazilian states. It has 5,570 municipalities.

São Manuel

São Manuel is a municipality in the Brazilian state of São Paulo. 41,123 people lived here in 2020 and its area is 651 km².

Joanésia

Joanésia is a municipality in the Brazilian state of Minas Gerais.

Robin Lord Taylor

Robin Lord Taylor (born June 4, 1978) is an actor known for playing Oswald Cobblepot based on The Penguin in the television show Gotham.

Oswald Cobblepot

Oswald Cobblepot is a fictional character in the show Gotham who is played by Robin Lord Taylor and based on The Penguin.

Oswald Cobblepot holds umbrellas for a woman named Fish Mooney who is a criminal. He tells the police she helped with the murder of two people so she breaks his leg and nicknames him Penguin. When she tries to have him killed a Detective named James Gordon saves him instead. Cobblepot comes back for revenge and kills so many people that he manages to take over crime in Gotham City and call himself The Penguin.

A man named Galavan kidnaps Oswald’s mother and tells Oswald he’ll kill her unless Oswald kills everyone that Galavan wants him to kill. When Oswald does, Galavan kills Oswald’s mother and Oswald teams up with Detective Gordon to kill Galavan for revenge. Oswald is tortured by Hugo Strange and Oswald later meets his father. After Oswald’s stepmother kills his father, he kills her son and daughter and tricks her into eating them and then cuts off her head. Oswald also wants revenge against Hugo Strange.
Oswald fights a lot of monsters and becomes Mayor of Gotham City. Oswald falls in love with his friend Ed Nygma, so he kills Ed’s girlfriend and Ed gets revenge on Oswald by becoming The Riddler. Oswald traps The Riddler in an iceberg. 
Oswald, now called The Penguin kills all criminals except the ones who agree to work for him and says he’s created a new Pax Romana. A woman named Sofia Falcone gets The Penguin involved in an orphanage. The Penguin meets a mute child named Martin and helps him get revenge on two bullies who gave him a wedgie. Sofia kidnaps Martin so The Penguin pretends to kill Martin and actually sends him out of Gotham City. Captain Gordon thinks The Penguin actually killed Martin so he puts him in Arkham Asylum but The Penguin escapes with the help of The Riddler. 

The Penguin teams up with Captain Gordon and helps save Gotham City but he still goes back to being a criminal with The Riddler but is stopped by Batman. 

Makoons Play School

Makoons Play School is a group of private educational institutions in India, operating a chain of pre-schools. Established in 2016, it has grown to become a prominent player in the early childhood education industry. Makoons Play School is operated by "KRS Educreation Pvt. Ltd"., with its headquarters in Ghaziabad, Uttar Pradesh. The founder and CEO of the company is Vijay Kumar Agarwal.

Makoons Play School operates over 100 pre-schools across 35 cities in India, Nepal, and Bangladesh, providing education to approximately 10,000 students. It is recognized for its commitment to delivering high-quality pre-primary education. The preschool chain has gained recognition and trust among parents and educators due to its innovative approach and focus on curriculum enhancement.

In 2017, Makoons Play School embarked on an expansion strategy, introducing franchise models beyond its initial city limits. Over the years, the number of preschool units under the Makoons umbrella has experienced significant growth. Presently, Makoons Play School has a presence in 35 cities spanning "14 states" in India, Nepal, and Bangladesh.


Official website

Ferros

Ferros is an Brazilian municipality in the state of Minas Gerais.

Antônio Dias

Antônio Dias is an Brazilian municipality in the state of Minas Gerais.

Mesquita, Minas Gerais

Mesquita is an Brazilian municipality in the state of Minas Gerais.

Queen Jane Approximately

"Queen Jane Approximately" is a 1966 song by Bob Dylan. It was taken from his sixth studio album "Highway 61 Revisited". It was released as a single along with "One of Us Must Know (Sooner of Later)". It has been covered by The Grateful Dead and The Four Seasons.

São Roque de Minas

São Roque de Minas is an Brazilian municipality in the state of Minas Gerais. In 2020, 7,076 people lived there and its area is 2,100 km².

These municipalities next to São Roque de Minas are: Medeiros (N), Bambuí (E), Piumhi (SE), Vargem Bonita and Delfinópolis (S), Conquista and Tapira (W).

Minversheim

Minversheim is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

We Live Again

We Live Again is a 1934 American drama movie directed by Rouben Mamoulian and starring Anna Sten, Fredric March, Jane Baxter, C. Aubrey Smith, Sam Jaffe. Maxwell Anderson wrote the screenplay, which is an adaptation of a 1899 novel "Resurrection" ("Voskraeseniye") by Leo Tolstoy. It was distributed by United Artists.


The Song of the Old Days

The Song of the Old Days (; ) is a 1982 Armenian drama movie directed by Albert Mkrtchyan and starring Shahum Ghazaryan, Frunzik Mkrtchyan, Verjaluys Mirijanyan, Guzh Manukyan.

2024 Moto2 World Championship

The 2024 FIM Moto2 World Championship is the premier class of the 76th F.I.M. Road Racing World Championship season.

All teams use series-specified Pirelli tyres and Triumph 765cc 3-cylinder engines.



The following Grands Prix are provisionally scheduled to take place in 2024:

The following Grand Prix is planned as a reserve venue:


Ramsau am Dachstein

Ramsau am Dachstein is a municipality in Liezen in the Austrian state of Styria. It is also the name of the high plateau between the Dachstein range and the Enns valley which is in this municipality.

Chimo (music)

Chimo (Marxa mora, march of the Moors) is a march and an integral part of the fiestas Moros i Cristians in Ontinyent, for which it is considered a kind of anthem. It was composed especially for this purpose by José María Ferrero Pastor in 1964 and is also used in the performance of Moros i Cristians in other places.

The composition was considered a significant enrichment of the fiestas and was appreciated in Spanish, Moroccan and Arabic media. With this particular melody, Ferrero gave a romantic, medieval, Arabic framework to the historical conflicts between Moors and Christians in the Iberian Peninsula.

The work has been recorded several times by the Societat Unió Artística Musical d'Ontinyent, whose director José María Ferrero was pastor for 37 years until his tragic death in 1987.

Along with the Paquito el Chocolatero, it is the most played piece of the fiestas in the Valencià region.


Neuwerk

Neuwerk (; ("Old English": New Werk or Newark) is a tidal island in the Wadden Sea on the German North Sea coast, with a population of 32. Neuwerk is located northwest of Cuxhaven, between the Weser and Elbe estuaries. The distance to the centre of Hamburg is about .

Administratively, Neuwerk forms a quarter of the city and state of Hamburg, Germany, with the same name. It is part of the borough Hamburg-Mitte. This quarter includes the islands of Scharhörn and Nigehörn, which are bird sanctuaries and closed to the public. All three islands and the Wadden Sea around them form the Hamburg Wadden Sea National Park.

Toʻraqoʻrgʻon District

Toʻraqoʻrgʻon is a district of Namangan Region in Uzbekistan. The capital lies at the city Toʻraqoʻrgʻon. Its area is 273 km. Its population is 228,000 (2021 est.).

The district has one city (Toʻraqoʻrgʻon), 13 urban-type settlements (Oqtosh, Yettikon, Yandama, Axsi, Kalvak, Mozorkoʻxna, Buramatut, Shaxand, Olchin, Saroy, Katagon, Kichikqurama, Namdon) and 8 rural communities.

Balázs Trencsényi

Balázs Trencsényi (born 1973) is a Hungarian historian of East Central European political and cultural thought. He is currently a Professor at the Department of History, Central European University as well as the Co-Director of Pasts, Inc. Center for Historical Studies.

Balázs Trencsényi was born in Budapest. He studied history and philosophy at Eötvös Loránd University and graduated with a MA in 1997. In 2004, he graduated from the Central European University with a PhD in history. Since then, he has worked as assistant professor, associate professor, professor, and departmental head at the Department of History, Central European University. He is the director of the History in the Public Sphere Erasmus Mundus MA Program at CEU.

He has been a visiting fellow at Institut für die Wissenschaften vom Menschen, Berlin Institute for Advanced Study, International Research School in Conceptual History and Political Thought, University of Jena, Humboldt University of Berlin, among other academic institutions. 



Uzbekistan State World Languages University

Uzbekistan State University of World Languages (abbreviated as UzSWLU, Uzbek: Oʻzbekiston davlat jahon tillari universiteti; abbreviated as OʻzDJTU) is a public university in Tashkent, Uzbekistan. Islam Karimov established this university by merging two language institutions in 1992.

The University has 7 faculties: Roman & German Philology, Journalism, Translation Studies, Russian Philology and three English faculties and offers bachelor and master degrees in language-related fields.

It has also the main national responsibility for training and requalification ESL teachers, creating and updating language textbooks, teaching methods, strategies in Uzbekistan. The University also has its own printing service and coordinates the Centre for Development of Language Teaching Methods.

UzSWLU is relatively young institution, established by Islam Karimov, former Uzbekistan's President. In its current form, It was created in 1992 by the merger of two higher institutes in Tashkent as follows:


In 2007, the University established a lyceum that prepares middle school students to enter the University and also teaches language and humanitarian subjects in depth. Prior to this 2017, the University contained three lyceums, but with the introduction of an eleven-year educational school, this number was reduced to one. This lyceum is on Bobur Street in Tashkent.

UzSWLU mainly focuses on language-related fields and it's divided into these 7 faculties:
The University has three English faculties but they cover different fields, for example, the first faculty is aimed at training interpreters.

This faculty was firstly established on 12 May 1992 by President Karimov.

The history of the faculty is directly linked to the history of the university as it was opened in the same year with the establishment of the university. This faculty actually trains ESL teachers and also gives them a choice to learn second language.

The list of the second languages which are taught are given as follows, and the student can choose which language to learn: French, German, Arab, Spanish, Turkish and Chinese.

It also cooperates with some international companies and institutions. The partners of the faculty are given as follows: British Council in Uzbekistan, American Embassy in Uzbekistan, "ITEC" program of Indian Embassy, educational program of Malaysian Embassy in Uzbekistan and with the "TEMPUS" program of European Union. There are three main departments which are currently located at the faculty, and they are: "English language phonetics and phonology department", "English language grammar and history department", "Professional lexica department". This is the oldest faculty in this university.

The second faculty shares the same structure and serves the similar purposes as the faculty. However, the main differences between the faculties could be found.

It's one of the youngest faculties that was created after splitting the first English faculty in 2002. It was granted a special status in 2009 so now it's fully independent college that is working . Nowadays, there are about 1461 students who are currently involved with the studies at the faculty.

There's more than 100 lecturers and teachers and more 61 of them have or hold a doctor degree. The faculty offers the right to choose one course as the second language, rather than English. There are four main departments at the faculty, which are given as follows: "Practical subjects on English language", "Lexicology of English language", "Stylistics of English language" and "Natural subjects".

The third one is the same with its structure and the educational materials with its two ancestors, that's mentioned before.

This faculty is also considered to be the youngest English language related faculty of the University,

as it was first established by the Decree of the President of Republic of Uzbekistan Islam Karimov number PD-1875 on the topic of "Developing the systems of learning foreign languages" in the year of 2012 on 10 December, and by the Edict of President of Republic of Uzbekistan Islam Karimov number PD-1971 on the topic of "Developing the "Uzbekistan State University of World Languages"", in the year of 2013 on 23 May.

Nowadays, there are about 1204 students who are involved with the studies at the "Third English language faculty", and in a short period of time the faculty became very famous among the young generation of Uzbekistan, as it gives essential practical and theoretical knowledge about the English language.

The students can obtain the bachelor's degree from the faculty, from the following branches which are: "Teaching of philology and foreign languages (English language)" and "Foreign language and its literature (English language)".

Students can obtain their master's degree from the faculty, by the branches which are given as follows: "English language" and "Literature" (English literature). There are three main departments at the "Third English language faculty" and they are given as follows:

Roman and German philology faculty was opened in 2013 by consolidation all non-English departments that focus on German, French and Spanish.

There are 805 students who are currently involved with the studies at the "Roman-German philology faculty", and there are more than 100 teachers at the faculty. Most of the teachers have their scientific degrees on their related subjects and languages, and 58 of them are considered as the professors.

This is a well-known faculty that fulfils the demand of Russian specialists and Russian teachers in Uzbekistan since there is a lot of Russian schools or students who would like to study subjects exclusively in Russian.

Opened in 1994, the faculty is not really popular among the applicants, however, the needs for the interpreters in Uzbekistan grow year by year.

They teach English, French, Spanish and German to their students and master's degree programme was opened in 2005. The sponsors of the faculty are given as follows: Moscow State Language University, Perudja University (Italy), Beijing Chinese language and Culture Institute, Seoul Chun Ang University, KOICA, Deli University (India), JICA International Corporation (Japan), British Council in Uzbekistan and many other institutions.

There are 6 main departments which are currently located at the faculty, and they are given as follows:

Nearly, all of the higher educational institutions of Uzbekistan are linked with the academic lyceums and the colleges that prepare some students for them. There's actually a lyceum that was opened in 2007 and now located on Bobur Str.

The lyceum enrols only the students who have finished their middle school and then successfully passed the admission tests.

Currently, this lyceum has three faculties: Foreign Languages, Humanities and Natural Sciences. Each department has its own curriculum and specialized subjects, for example, the faculty of foreign languages is exclusively engaged in teaching English at the intermediate and higher levels and the humanities department focuses only on history and related subjects; the main goal of the lyceum is to prepare a graduate with a sufficient level of knowledge for the university.



Mittelbergheim

Mittelbergheim is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Mittelhausbergen

Mittelhausbergen is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Mittelschaeffolsheim

Mittelschaeffolsheim is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Mollkirch

Mollkirch is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Mommenheim, Bas-Rhin

Mommenheim is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Monswiller

Monswiller is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Morsbronn-les-Bains

Morsbronn-les-Bains is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Morschwiller

Morschwiller is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Mothern

Mothern is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Pilpaküla, Hiiu County

Pilpaküla is a village in Pühalepa Parish, Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia.

Prählamäe

Prählamäe is a village in Pühalepa Parish, Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia.

Pühalepa

Pühalepa is a village in Pühalepa Parish, Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia.

Puliste

Puliste is a village in Pühalepa Parish, Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia.

Reikama

Reikama is a village in Pühalepa Parish, Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia.

Sääre, Hiiu County

Sääre is a village in Pühalepa Parish, Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia.

Nõmme, Pühalepa Parish

Nõmme is a village in Pühalepa Parish, Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia.

Sakla, Hiiu County

Sakla is a village in Pühalepa Parish, Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia.

Salinõmme

Salinõmme is a village in Pühalepa Parish, Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia.

Sarve

Sarve is a village in Pühalepa Parish, Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia.

Pühalepa Parish

Pühalepa Parish was a rural municipality in Hiiu County, Estonia.

There were 47 villages in Pühalepa Parish: 
Ala, Aruküla, Hagaste, Harju, Hausma, Hellamaa, Heltermaa, Hiiessaare, Hilleste, Kalgi, Kerema, Kõlunõmme, Kukka, Kuri, Leerimetsa, Linnumäe, Lõbembe, Loja, Lõpe, Määvli, Nõmba, Nõmme, Palade, Paluküla, Partsi, Pilpaküla, Prählamäe, Pühalepa, Puliste, Reikama, Sääre, Sakla, Salinõmme, Sarve, Soonlepa, Suuremõisa, Suuresadama, Tammela, Tareste, Tempa, Tubala, Undama, Vahtrepa, Valipe, Värssu, Viilupi, Vilivalla

Soonlepa

Soonlepa is a village in Pühalepa Parish, Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia.

Suuremõisa, Hiiu County

Suuremõisa is a village in Pühalepa Parish, Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia.

It has 299 people and is the largest village of the municipality.

Tammela, Estonia

Tammela is a village in Pühalepa Parish, Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia.

Tareste, Hiiu County

Tareste is a village in Pühalepa Parish, Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia.

Tempa, Estonia

Tempa is a village in Hiiu County, Estonia. It was the capital of Pühalepa Parish.

Tubala

Tubala is a village in Pühalepa Parish, Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia.

Nikocado Avocado

Nicholas Perry (born May 19, 1992) is a Ukrainian-born American Internet celebrity. He is known as Nikocado Avocado on YouTube. , he has over 7 million subscribers and 1.8 billion views on 6 YouTube channels. His "hook" is mukbang videos. This means eating food on-screen.

Muhlbach-sur-Bruche

Muhlbach-sur-Bruche is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Mulhausen, Bas-Rhin

Mulhausen is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Munchhausen, Bas-Rhin

Munchhausen is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Mundolsheim

Mundolsheim is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Mutzenhouse

Mutzenhouse is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Natzwiller

Natzwiller is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Neewiller-près-Lauterbourg

Neewiller-près-Lauterbourg is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Neubois

Neubois is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Undama

Undama is a village in Pühalepa Parish, Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia.

Neugartheim-Ittlenheim

Neugartheim-Ittlenheim is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Neuhaeusel

Neuhaeusel is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Neuve-Église

Neuve-Église is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Neuviller-la-Roche

Neuviller-la-Roche is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Neuwiller-lès-Saverne

Neuwiller-lès-Saverne is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Braak Base Line

The Braak Base Line was the baseline for the state survey of the Duchy of Holstein, the Danish state, the city of Hamburg and the Kingdom of Hanover (Gaussian state survey). Its length was measured in 1820/21 by Heinrich Christian Schumacher between the two trigonometric points near Braak in the district of today's Brunsbek in the district of Langelohe and Ahrensburg. After the reduction by Christian August Friedrich Peters in 1853, the length was determined to be 3,014.45115 toises (5,875.2747 meters).

For the Danish survey, a route in a flat area was chosen:


Observing the points from the Michaeliskirche in Hamburg and the Friedenskirche in Siek, which later burned down, resulted in the first major side of the triangle for the Danish and Hanoverian triangulation.

The points are still preserved but difficult to reach. The formerly open plain between the base points is now developed with the village of Braak, the federal highway 1, the industrial area of Stapelfeld/Braak and the residential area at the southern end of Ahrensburg.

Heinrich Christian Schumacher had a good relationship with the Danish King Friedrich VI., which enabled him to set up the observatory in Altona near Hamburg, which was then in Denmark. His teacher in Göttingen was Carl Friedrich Gauss . So Schumacher initiated the Danish king's request to the Hanoverians to let Gauss participate in the measurement of the baseline. Both were on location from 12. September to 25. October 1820 to combine the surveys of both kingdoms across the Elbe river. Gauss was thus able to forego his own length measurement.

Schumacher and Gauss were also in close contact with Johann Georg Repsold . Schumacher used a base measuring device of his friend Repsold to measure the base. Repsold also made important contributions to the determination of the Altona meridian and the meridian circle of the Göttingen Observatory (distance 7.5 toises or 14.618 meters) in the form of his excellent instruments and improvements to existing instruments.

Nagaland state lottery

Nagaland State Lottery is a government-run lottery that is held every day in Nagaland, India. The lottery is conducted by the Directorate of Nagaland State Lotteries, which is under the supervision of the Finance Department of the Government of Nagaland. The lottery is open to all residents of Nagaland, as well as citizens of India who are physically present in Nagaland at the time of purchase.

There are three different draws held each day for Dear Lottery, at 1:00 PM, 6:00 PM, and 8:00 PM. The prizes for each draw vary, but the top prize for the 8:00 PM draw is always ₹1 crore. Tickets for the Nagaland State Lottery can be purchased at any authorized lottery retailer in Nagaland.

The results of each draw are announced shortly after the draw is held. The results can be found on the website of the Directorate of Nagaland State Lotteries, or on any number of lottery websites like Lottery Sambad.
Three more lottery schemes are run by Nagaland State Lotteries Department those are Labh Laxmi Lottery Dear Laxmi Lottery Dear 100 Lottery

Nagaland Lottery Rules and Regulations


How To Claim Prize Money of Nagaland State Lottery Sambad

Lotteries are legal in 13 states in India. These states are Nagaland, West Bengal, Punjab, Kerala, Assam, Mizoram, Manipur, Goa, Maharashtra, Arunachal Pradesh, Sikkim, Meghalaya, and Madhya Pradesh. Nagaland state lotteries are conducted under the supervision of the Finance Department of the Government of Nagaland, so Nagaland state lotteries are fully legal.

Nagaland State Lottery releases tickets three times a day morning, evening, and night. The tickets are sold by the Nagaland Lottery under different names depending on the day and time.

Rohanixalus shyamrupus

The hornbill bubble-nest frog, Shyamrup's bush frog, or Shyamrup's bubble-nest frog ("Rohanixalus shyamrupus") is a frog. It lives in India in the Namdapha Biosphere Reserve and the Namdapha Tiger Reserve. Scientists think it might also live in Myanmar.

International LGBT Pride Day

The International LGBT Pride Day is an international day that celebrates LGBT pride. It's considered Stonewall riots' anniversary. It's held in June 28, during Pride Month.

Hallowed Be Thy Name (song)

"Hallowed Be Thy Name" is a 1982 song by English heavy metal band Iron Maiden and is the final track from their third studio album "The Number of the Beast". The live version of the single charted in 1993 and went to number 16 in Ireland and number 9 in the United Kingdom. 

MTV Entertainment Studios

MTV Entertainment Studios is the film and television production arm of MTV Entertainment Group, a subsidiary of the Paramount Media Networks division of Paramount Global. Founded in 1991 as MTV Productions, it is a consolidation of the former MTV Films group established in 1996 and the MTV Production Development/MTV Studios group of 2003–2021, it has produced original television shows like Beavis and Butt-Head, Æon Flux, Jackass, My Super Sweet 16, Daria, Celebrity Deathmatch, Clone High and The Real World and films such as Election, Joe's Apartment and Napoleon Dynamite. Its films are released by fellow Paramount Global division Paramount Pictures. The MTV Films unit was part of Paramount Players until 2020.

The Ballad of Billy the Kid

"The Ballad of Billy the Kid" is a 1974 song by Billy Joel. It is the third single from his second studio album "Piano Man". It was a concert staple from 1974 to 1979 and was used on his 1981 live album "Songs in the Attic". It did not chart on any of the singles charts.

FRACTRAN

Fractran is a simple programming language invented by mathematician John Horton Conway. It operates on fractions and uses them as instructions for the program.

In Fractran, you start with a positive whole number as the input. The program consists of a list of fractions. You multiply the input by each fraction in the list, one after another. The result of each multiplication is rounded down to the nearest whole number, and that becomes the new input for the next iteration.

The process continues until the input can no longer be multiplied by any of the fractions in the list. At that point, the program stops, and the final output is the last number you obtained.

What makes Fractran interesting is that some programs can do really powerful things. For example, they can simulate any other computer program, given the right set of fractions. These programs are like universal computers in a simple language.

The behavior of Fractran programs is related to the prime factorization of numbers. The fractions in the program are carefully chosen to produce specific patterns or sequences. This connection to number theory makes Fractran a fascinating area of study for mathematicians and computer scientists.

Overall, Fractran is a simple language where you multiply an input by fractions repeatedly until you can't do it anymore, and the final result is your output. But within this simplicity lies the potential for powerful computation and deep mathematical connections.

Electoral district of Davidson

Davidson is an electoral district of New South Wales. It was created in 1971.

It is a conservative electorate that has only ever been represented by the Liberal Party, with the exception of one independent.

Davidson is located in northern Sydney.

Electoral district of Pittwater

Pittwater is an electoral district of New South Wales. It was created in 1973.

It is a conservative electorate that has only ever been held by the Liberal Party, with the exception of a two independents.

Pittwater is located in the far northern portion of Sydney's Northern Beaches.

Electoral district of Wakehurst

Wakehurst is an electoral district of New South Wales. It was created in 1962.

It is normally a conservative electorate and has been won by the Liberal Party at all but three elections: in 1978 and 1981 it was won by the Labor Party and in 2023 it was won by an independent who was a popular local mayor in a shock victory.

Wakehurst is located in the Forest District of Sydney.

 

Electoral district of Manly

Manly is an electoral district of New South Wales. It was created in 1927.

It is a conservative electorate, having always been held by the Liberal Party, with the exception of three independents and one Labor member.

Manly is located on Sydney's Northern Beaches.

Electoral district of Vaucluse

Vaucluse is an electoral district of New South Wales. It was created in 1927.

It is a conservative electorate that has only ever been represented by either the Liberal Party or its predecessor, the United Australia Party (UAP).

Vaucluse is located in the Sydney CBD.

Electoral district of Sydney

Sydney is an electoral district of New South Wales. It was created in 1920, abolished in 1927 and recreated in 2007.

It is located in the Sydney CBD.

Tako

Tako is a virtual indonesian drum instrument. The following 4 steps:


The Tako is a virtual indonesian instrument. And gambar its virtual plays.

Electoral district of North Shore

North Shore is an electoral district of New South Wales. It was created in 1927, abolished in 1927 and recreated in 1981.

It is a conservative electorate that has only ever been held by the Liberal Party as an electorate with one member, with the exception of two independents.

North Shore is located on Sydney's North Shore, which is where it gets its name from.

Electoral district of Willoughby

Willoughby is an electoral district of New South Wales. It was created in 1894, abolished in 1920, recreated in 1927, reabolished in 1988 and recreated again in 1991.

It is a conservative electorate.

Willoughby is located on Sydney's North Shore.

The swings above are calculated from the 2022 Willoughby state by-election.

Electoral district of Balmain

Balmain is an electoral district of New South Wales. It was created in 1885, abolished in 1894, recreated in 1904, reabolished in 1991 and recreated in 2007.

Balmain was historically a working class seat with a high Labor vote, but in modern times has been a progressive electorate and has been held by the Greens since 2011.

Balmain is located in the Sydney CBD.

Mustang Sally (song)

"Mustang Sally" is a 1966 song by Wilson Pickett and taken from his album "The Wicked Pickett". It went to number 23 in the United States, number 4 in Canada and number 28 in the United Kingdom. It was used in the 1991 movie "The Commitments" and went to number 17 in New Zealand.

HEC Alumni

HEC Alumni is a nonprofit organization created in 1883, former students association of the French business school HEC Paris.

The association has been founded on June 20, 1883, 2 years after the creation of the school in 1881. At the beginning, it has the name of "Association des Anciens Elèves de l'École des Hautes Études Commerciales". It is governed by the law of July 1, 1901 and the decree of August 16, 1901.

On January 11, 1900, it was recognized as being of public utility.

The association is member of the Conférence des Grandes Écoles.

Its objectives, defined by its statutes, are to:


The association publishes a monthly magazine entitled « HEC stories ».

It also publishes a former students annual directory.

The association is in partnership with WATs4U (World Alumni Talents for you) with other major grandes écoles such as École Polytechnique, CentraleSupélec, etc.

Emmanuel Chain was President of the association from 2015 to 2018.

The Board of Directors is composed of 24 members in 2022, including 22 elected graduates, a representative of the School, and a representative of the HEC Foundation.


Khartoum (movie)

Khartoum is a 1966 British historical war adventure epic movie directed by Basil Dearden. It stars Charlton Heston, Laurence Olivier, Nigel Green, Alexander Knox, Zia Mohyeddin, Johnny Sekka, Richard Johnson, Ralph Michael, Douglas Wilmer and Ralph Richardson. It was distributed by United Artists. It was nominated for an Academy Award in 1967.


Sonal Pradhan

Sonal Pradhan is an Indian music composer, singer, and songwriter known for her contributions to the Indian film and web series industry. She has worked on various projects, showcasing her talent and versatility in music.

Sonal Pradhan was born on August 23 in Dehradun, Uttarakhand. She hails from a middle-class family. She completed her schooling at "CJM (Convent of Jesus and Mary)" in Dehradun. Despite clearing the IIT BArch entrance exam, she decided to pursue her passion for music.

Pradhan started learning music at the age of 3 and a half from her mother. She received training in Indian classical music from Jindey Guruji and Sir Suchit Narang at the age of 4. She began performing on stage at the age of 4 and won her first "Best Singer award" at the age of 5.

In 2018, Sonal Pradhan gained significant recognition when she worked as a music composer and singer for the web series "" and "," directed by Vikram Bhatt. Her song ""Apne Hi"" in her voice became a chart-topping hit. She has collaborated with artists like Neha Kakkar, Sunidhi Chauhan, Asees Kaur, Ankit Tiwari, Amit Mishra, Sunny Leone, and Yasser Desai.



Nikhil Jain

Nikhil Jain (born December 20, 1995) is a young marketer and SEO specialist. He is known for his work in the marketing space and his efforts as the founder of the Today's Youth Social Foundation (TYSF).

Nikhil Jain was born on December 20, 1995, in Alibag. He pursued an MBA in Marketing. Jain has been working in the marketing space for eight years and has collaborated with over 50 brands. He is currently working with a few startups, including Out Of Box Living, where he handles end-to-end marketing strategies. His expertise has contributed to the success of various businesses, both in manufacturing containers and resorts.


Artemis 2

Artemis 2 is a NASA mission. It is the second mission in NASA's Artemis program. It will be the first mission with people on the Orion spacecraft. NASA plans to launch it in November 2024. The Orion spacecraft will do a flyby of the Moon, and then come back to Earth. Artemis 2 will be the first NASA mission to go to the Moon since Apollo 17 in 1972.

Slow Hands (Niall Horan song)

"Slow Hands" is a 2017 song by Niall Horan. It is the second single from his debut studio album "Flicker". It went to the top 10 in Australia, Canada, Ireland, New Zealand, Scotland and the United Kingdom. It made number 11 in the United States.





Get a Haircut

"Get a Haircut" is a 1993 song by George Thorogood and was taken from their ninth studio album "Haircut". It went to number 15 in New Zealand, number 28 in Australia and number 43 in Canada. It was the most played song on Canadian FM radio stations.

Dragon Pilot: Hisone and Masotan

Hisone Amakasu is a rookie in the Japan Air Self-Defense Force, where she is situated at the Gifu air base. She decided to join the force to distance herself from people as, her whole life, she had found it difficult to interact with others due to her candid style of speaking and oftentimes hurtful words, despite that not being her intention. Hisone's decision leads to her life being changed when the concealed "OTF" - Organic Transformed Flyer, or dragon - inside the base chooses her to be his pilot, leading her to discover her destined role as a dragon pilot during their ascension in the skies together. According to legend, dragons are thought to possess a key to unlocking the future of the world.



The dragons used as OTFs by the JASDF are habitually dressed in transforming armor shaped like military planes to avoid drawing public attention. In order to be flown, the dragons swallow their pilots, who then steer them from within their stomachs via a naturally activated holographic display control system. To protect themselves from the dragons' digestive juices, each pilot is required to wear a special acid-resistant suit. In addition, a D-Pilot must reserve her feelings exclusively for her personal OTF; if she establishes a love relationship with someone else, the bond between them is broken (this event is commonly referred to as "anastomosis").

The opening theme song titled is composed by Taisei Iwasaki and performed by Riko Fukumoto, featuring lyrics written by Mari Okada. The ending theme song titled is a cover of France Gall's "Le temps de la rentrée," arranged by Iwasaki and performed by D-Pai (D-Pilots, short for "dragon pilots"), a vocal unit comprising voice actresses Misaki Kuno, Tomoyo Kurosawa, Maki Kawase, Satomi Arai and Kaori Nazuka.

2023 FIFA Women's World Cup knockout stage

The knockout stage of the 2023 FIFA Women's World Cup is the final part of the competition. It starts on August 5 and ends on August 20 with the final match at Stadium Australia in Sydney. In this stage, the top two teams from each group (16 teams in total) compete in a tournament where they play one game at a time. The winning teams continue to the next round, while the losing teams are eliminated. The match times are listed in the local time zone.

In the knockout stage, if a game is tied after the regular 90 minutes, they play extra time. Extra time has two 15-minute periods, and each team can make one more substitution. If the game is still tied after extra time, they have a penalty shootout to decide the winner.

The two best teams from each of the eight groups will move on to the knockout stage. <section begin="Qualified" />
<section end=Qualified />

<section begin=Bracket /><section end=Bracket />

<section begin=R16-1 /><section end=R16-1 />

<section begin=R16-2 /><section end=R16-2 />

<section begin=R16-3 /><section end=R16-3 />

<section begin=R16-4 /><section end=R16-4 />

<section begin=R16-5 /><section end=R16-5 />

<section begin=R16-6 /><section end=R16-6 />

<section begin=R16-7 /><section end=R16-7 />

<section begin=R16-8 /><section end=R16-8 />

<section begin=QF1 /><section end=QF1 />

<section begin=QF2 /><section end=QF2 />

<section begin=QF3 /><section end=QF3 />

<section begin=QF4 /><section end=QF4 />

<section begin=SF1 /><section end=SF1 />

<section begin=SF2 /><section end=SF2 />

<section begin=TPP /><section end=TPP />

Agua Blanca, Jutiapa

Agua Blanca () is a municipality in the Jutiapa department of Guatemala. It was founded in the mid 19th century. Today, about 18000 people live there.
The city is about from Guatemala City and about from Jutiapa.

Neeraj Chopra

Neeraj Chopra (born December 24, 1997) is an Indian track and field athlete. He is a champion in the javelin throw. He is the first Indian track and field athlete to win a gold medal at the Olympics. Chopra hails from Khandra village in Panipat, Haryana.

Pinwheel Twist

Pinwheel Twist is an unreleased lost song written by John Lennon and Paul McCartney before their pop group The Beatles became famous. The song was listed for recording in 1962 at EMI studio, but the list was trimmed down and the song became obscure after that.

The song was improvised on March 22 1962 by Paul McCartney, who was influenced by the "twist" craze of the early sixties. He would perform it later that evening. The audience response was mediocre, but nonetheless he pawned it off on then-drummer Pete Best, who sang lead while McCartney worked the drums. The song was drawn up on a list of 30 songs for a recording session at EMI, but got cut at the last minute. During the various Best performances, the Beatles had changed from leather jackets into "Beno Dorn" suits and ties, and accompanied it with the Starlighter's hit, "Peppermint Twist".
Pete Best has since recalled the main lines of the song, ""Pinwheel twist going round and round / Pinwheel twist going round and round / Pinwheel twist going round and round / Hey, pinwheel twist"".

Later, Beatles scholar Mark Lewisohn, while researching information on his book, unearthed further lyrics, ""We’ll twist, we’ll pinwheel / Do the spin wheel / Right away, night and day, [at this point, Paul calls out: ‘two-three’] / Well come on everybody and do the shimmy-shimmy / While you’re dancing to and fro – like this! / Everybody’s doing the Pinwheel Twist."" The song also in known to have a "congruous waltz" section in the middle.

Krunal Pandya

Krunal Himanshu Pandya (born 24 March 1991) is an Indian cricket player. He has played for Indian cricket team and Baroda.

Shubman Gill

Shubman Gill (born 8 September 2000) is an Indian cricketer who represents the Indian national cricket team and Gujarat Titans in the Indian Premier League (IPL).

Arjun Tendulkar

Arjun Tendulkar is an Indian cricketer. He is the son of legendary cricketer Sachin Tendulkar and has gained attention for his own cricketing skills. Arjun has shown promise as an all-rounder, contributing with both bat and ball. He plays for Mumbai Indians in Indian Premier League.

Mohammed Shami

Mohammad Shami is an Indian cricketer who represents the indian national team in international cricket. He is a right-arm fast bowler who has the ability to move the ball off the seam and using swing, including reverse swing, to move the ball both ways. Shami has been a key player in India's bowling attack and has delivered match-winning performances in various formats of the game. He plays for Bengal in domestic cricket and for Gujarat Titans in the Indian Premier League.

Shami received the Arjuna Award from the President of India on 9 January 2024. It is the second highest ranked award in sports in India.

Rinku Singh

Rinku Singh is an Indian cricketer who plays domestic cricket in India. He is a left-handed batsman and has represented various teams in domestic competitions. Singh is known for his solid batting technique and ability to score runs consistently.

Axar Patel

Axar Patel is an Indian cricketer who represents the national team in international cricket. He is a left-handed batsman and a slow left-arm orthodox bowler. Patel has gained recognition for his contributions in both Test and limited-overs formats of the game. He plays for Delhi Captials team in Indian Premier League.

Lindsay Ellis

Lindsay Ellis (born 1984/1985) is an American writer, movie critic and video essayist. she is also a former YouTuber. Her first book, "Axiom's End", was published in July 2020. It became a "New York Times" Best Seller. She used to work for Doug Walker as The Nostalgia Chick.Ellis is bisexual. Ellis stopped making YouTube videos after she was criticized for saying that Raya and the Last Dragon was “ redux”. 

Electoral district of Newtown

Newtown is an electoral district of New South Wales. It was created in 1859, abolished in 1894, recreated in 1904, reabolished in 1920, recreated again in 1927, reabolished again in 1950 and recreated for a fourth time in 2015.

It is a progressive electorate.

Newtown is located in the Sydney CBD.

Electoral district of Summer Hill

Summer Hill is an electoral district of New South Wales. It was created in 2015.

Summer Hill is located in the Sydney CBD.

Electoral district of Drummoyne

Drummoyne is an electoral district of New South Wales. It was created in 1913, abolished in 1920 and recreated in 1927.

Drummoyne is located in the Sydney CBD.

The incumbent member, John Sidoti, was sacked from the Liberal Party and sat as an independent, before being suspended from Parliament. Sidoti did not contest the seat and the Liberal candidate (Stephanie Di Pasqua) subsequently regained the seat.

Electoral district of Parramatta

Parramatta is an electoral district of New South Wales. It was created in 1856, making it the only state electorate in New South Wales to have been contested at every single state election.

Parramatta is located in Greater Western Sydney.

Electoral district of Granville

Granville is an electoral district of New South Wales. It was created in 1894, abolished in 1920 and recreated in 1927.

Granville is in Greater Western Sydney.

 

Coffee table book

A coffee table book is an oversized, usually hard-covered book intended for display on a table. It is often non-fiction and pictorial, with pages consisting of photographs and illustrations, captions, and small blocks of text. The concept of a book intended for display over perusal was mentioned by Michel de Montaigne in his 1581 essay and Laurence Sterne in his 1759 novel The Life and Opinions of Tristram Shandy, Gentleman. In the late 1940s, publisher Albert Skira and a few others began producing large folio and quarto format art books, illustrated with tipped-in color plates. David Brower is sometimes credited with inventing the modern coffee table book.

The "Exhibit Format" series of books combined nature photography and writings, with a page size big enough to carry a given image's dynamic. Madonna's 1992 book Sex remains the most searched for out-of-print coffee table book.

Electoral district of Auburn

Auburn is an electoral district of New South Wales. It was created in 1927.

Auburn is in Greater Western Sydney.

Electoral district of Fairfield

Fairfield is an electoral district of New South Wales. It was created in 1953.

Fairfield is located in Greater Western Sydney.

Mid-air collision

In aviation, a mid-air collision is an accident in which two or more aircraft touch each other during flight. This will cause a lot of damage to the aircraft due to either the collision or an impact after to the ground or water.

The potential for a collision goes up due to miscommunication, mistrust, error in navigation, not following the flight plans, and the lack of awareness. Although a rare occurrence in general due to the amount of open space available the collisions often happen near or at airports, where a lot of aircraft will be closer together than in flight.

Confessions on a Dance Floor

Confessions on a Dance Floor is the tenth studio album by American singer-songwriter Madonna. It was released on November 9, 2005 and debuted at number one on the US "Billboard" 200. The lead single "Hung Up" was released on October 17, 2005 and peaked at number seven on the US Billboard Hot 100.

Renia Spiegel

Renia Spiegel (18 June 192430 July 1942) was a Polish-born Jewish girl who kept a diary in which she documents her life during the Nazi persecution. She is a diarist who described life in her school, with her friends, fear of deportation, murder, and being forced to move into a ghetto. She gained some posthumous fame with the 2012 publication of "Renia's Diary: A Holocaust Journal", in which she documents her life as a Jew during the Holocaust from 1939 to 1942, during the German occupation of Poland in World War II.

Spiegel was born in Uhryńkowce, Poland in modern-day Uhrynkivtsi, Ukraine, in 1924. In September 1939, the Spegiels were trapped in Poland by the German occupation of Poland, with the help of the Soviet Union. Spiegel lost her citizenship and became stateless. As persecutions of the Jewish population increased, Spiegel and her younger sister Arianna were taken into captivity in a ghetto.
On 28 July 1942, Spiegel and her younger sister Arianna escaped the ghetto and Spegiel went into hiding in the attic of her boyfriend's uncle's house, while Arianna was sent to live with her mother in Warsaw. Until her capture and murder by the Gestapo on 30 July 1942, Spiegel kept a diary, in which she wrote in it regularly.

Following her capture Spiegel was murdered by gunshots, along with her boyfriend's parents at around 10:30 p.m.

Renia Spiegel was born on 18 June 1924.

Accentor

An accentor is a small bird in the genus family of Prunellidae. They can be found in northern Asia and Europe. The mountain accentor, for example, lives in northern Asia, while the hedge-accentor or dunnock can be found in England. 

Accentors have been described as having slender bills with sharp points. They also have rounded wings.

Rohanixalus punctatus

The black-spotted bubble-nest frog ("Rohanixalus punctatus") is a frog. It lives in Myanmar.

Jochebed

Jochebed (JOCK-oh-bed) was the mother of Moses; an Israelite prophet, according to biblical legend.
Jochebed lived in Egypt and had three children; Moses, Miriam, and Aaron. When the pharaoh ordered all Hebrew newborn children to die, Jochebed floated Moses down the river to save his life.

Pride Park Stadium

Pride Park Stadium is an football stadium in Derby, England. It is the home ground of English Football League club Derby County. It has a capacity of 33,597 so it is the 16th-largest football ground in England.
Electoral district of Cabramatta

Cabramatta is an electoral district of New South Wales. It was created in 1981.

Cabramatta is in Greater Western Sydney.

Barikot Tehsil

Tehsil barikot is located in swat , Khyber Pakhtunkhwa. It is famous for Bazeera. This Barikot is a town located in the middle course of the Swat River in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, Pakistan. It is about 20 km away from Mingora and the Butkara Stupa. It is the entrance town to the central Swat Valley with a population of about 25,000 people.
Asia is the largest continent in the world by both land area and population.It covers an area of more than 44 million square kilometers about 30% of Earth's total land area and 8% of Earth's total surface area. The continent, which has long been home to the majority of the human population, was the site of many of the first civilizations. Its 4.7 billion people constitute roughly 60% of the world's population, having more people than all other continents combined.

Prince Narula

Prince Narula (born November 24, 1990) is an Indian television personality, actor, and model. He is best known for his appearances on various reality shows, including winning three consecutive seasons of reality TV shows. Narula has gained immense popularity for his charismatic personality and competitive spirit.

Just the Two of Us (Grover Washington Jr. song)

"Just the Two of Us" is a 1981 song by Grover Washington Jr. featuring Bill Withers. It was taken from his album "Winelight". It went to number 2 in the United States, number 10 in Canada, number 24 in New Zealand and number 34 in the United Kingdom. It won a Grammy Award in 1982. It was covered by Will Smith in 1998.

False Identity (1947 movie)

False Identity (French: Fausse identité) is a 1947 French crime movie directed by André Chotin. It stars Louise Carletti, Georges Rollin, Raymond Bussières, Frank Villard, Simone Deguyse, Marie Bizet and Renée Devillers.

List of Chile Twenty20 International cricketers

This is a list of Chilean Twenty20 International cricketers who have played at least one Twenty20 International for Chile after debuting in October 2019.

(Something Inside) So Strong

"(Something Inside) So Strong" is a 1987 song by Labi Siffre and was taken from his album "So Strong". It went to number 4 in the United Kingdom, number 2 in Ireland and number 3 in the Netherlands. It is based on the Apartheid in South Africa and homosexuality experienced when he was a child. It was covered by Kenny Rogers in 1989.

Ahar

The Ahars (also called Yadav or Yaduvanshi) is a peasant or agricultural caste of North India. Ahars claim descent from the Rigvedic tribe; Yadus. 

Parthiv Patel

Parthiv Ajay Patel (born 9 March 1985) is an Indian cricketer who is known for his role as a wicket-keeper-batsman. He has represented the Indian national cricket team in various formats of the game, including Tests, One Day Internationals (ODIs), and Twenty20 Internationals (T20Is).

Jasprit Bumrah

Jasprit Bumrah (born 6 December 1993) is an Indian cricketer who represents the Indian national team as a right-arm fast-medium bowler. He is recognized for his exceptional bowling skills, accurate yorkers, and unique bowling action. Bumrah has been considered one of the best bowlers in the world and has played a significant role in the success of the Indian cricket team across all formats. He plays for Mumbai Indians in the Indian premier league.

Richard Kohn

Richard Kohn (27 February 1888 – 16 June 1963) was an Austrian football player. Later he was coach of FC Bayern Munich, FC Barcelona and Feyenoord Rotterdam. He was of Jewish origin. 

He played at the latest from 1907 to 1910 at Wiener AC. One of his highlights at WAC was when he scored the winning goal in May 1909 in a 2-1 win against English Premier League side Sunderland AFC. 
He had seven appearances for the Austria national football team (1907–1912) and scored two times.

In the 1920s he managed Građanski Zagreb, Sportfreunde Stuttgart and Hertha BSC. He then went to First Vienna FC.He left for Barcelona from February 1926 to 1927. He afterwards left TSV 1860 Munich for VfR Mannheim for a year. He left for FC Bayern Munich. With them he won the German championship in a final victory against Eintracht Frankfurt.

After the Nazis rise to power the Kohn left Germany for the Grasshopper Club in Zurich, then for Barcelona, . Later he went back to Switzerland. There he coached Basel. From 1935 to 1939, 1951 to 1952, and 1955 to 1956 he managed Feyenoord Rotterdam, winning two titles, in the 1935–36 and 1937–38 seasons.



Wales West and North Television

Wales (West and North) Television seen by viewers as Teledu Cymru and often called WWN was ITV franchise for North and West Wales. It was the first ITV station to lose its franchise. The name Teledu Cymru that was seen on screens was Welsh for Television Wales. The station was awarded the franchise on the 6 June 1961. WWN started broadcasting on 14 September 1962 and ended on 26 January 1964. The station ended broadcasting due to financial failure.After the failure of WWN, the franchise region was merged with South Wales and the West, served by TWW (Television Wales and the West) but the name Teledu Cymru would be used in the former region. On 20 May 1968, the Teledu Cymru name was dropped, due to Harlech taking over the franchise. 

The geography of Wales was a problem for the Independent Television Authority (ITA). The more inhabited South was already served by Television Wales and the West, which started in 1958, while the north east and a lot of the north coast was served by Granada and ABC, started in 1956. The central regions of north wales couldn't obtain ITV programmes.

The ITA was pressured by a group of Welsh-speaking businessmen to setup a North and West Wales region. The ITA asked the Postmaster General to allow it, which he did with conditions. 

The conditions were:
These conditions were accepted by the ITA. On 6 June 1961, the contract was given to Wales Television Limited. The name was changed to Wales (West and North) Television Limited following opposition from TWW.

The station was to use three VHF transmitters, Preseli (for the south west), Arfon (for the north west) and Moel-y-Parc (for the north east). The Preseli station was finished in 14 September 1962. WWN launched the same day as the Preseli transmitter, becoming the last original ITV station to start broadcasting. The Arfon and Moel-y-parc transmitters were delayed until later 1963, causing damage to workers morale and WWN's profits. The free programming from the ITV network, plus support from their neighbours, ABC, ATV and TWW were able to barely keep the station up and running. The fatal problem was when Granada Television stopped production of all Welsh programming, stopping an important stream of money to WWN. In May 1963, WWN stopped production of local programming and turned their studio into a master control station until they could find a successor to WWN. 

Shikhar Dhawan

Shikhar Dhawan (born 5 December 1985) is an Indian international cricketer who is known for his explosive batting style. He is a left-handed opening batsman and occasional right-arm off-break bowler. Dhawan is considered one of the most accomplished batsmen in the Indian cricket team and has achieved numerous records and accolades throughout his career. He plays for Punjab Kings team in Indian premier league. 

Embassy Park

Embassy Park, also known as Embassy Park Presidential Burial Site or Embassy Memorial Park, is an important place in Lusaka, Zambia. It is where the country's presidents are laid to rest and holds great historical and cultural value. In 2009, it was officially recognized as a National Monument. Embassy Park represents Zambia's political and social heritage and pays tribute to the leaders who have contributed to the country's progress. Several presidents, including Kenneth Kaunda, the first president, Frederick Chiluba, the second president, Levy Mwanawasa, the third president, Rupiah Banda, the fourth president, and Michael Sata, the fifth president, are buried here. The park is open to the public, allowing visitors to show their respect to the former presidents and learn about Zambia's cultural and political roots. As a National Monument, Embassy Park plays a crucial role in preserving and promoting Zambia's rich history.

River (Miley Cyrus song)

"River" is a 2023 song by Miley Cyrus. It is the second single from her eighth studio album "Endless Summer Vacation". It went to the top 30 in Australia, New Zealand, Austria, Latvia, Ireland, Lithuania, the United Kingdom, Greece, Hungary, Portugal, Poland, Norway, Panama, Croatia, Latvia, North Macedonia, Switzerland and Denmark.

Jay Shah

Jay Shah (born September 22, 1988) is the honarary secratary of Board of Cricket Control in India (BCCI) and the president of Asian cricket council (ACC). He is the son of Amit Shah, an Indian politician who is the Home Ministry of India and the former President of the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP).

Yuvraj Singh

Yuvraj Singh (born December 12, 1981) is a former Indian cricketer and all-rounder. He is known for his powerful batting, exceptional fielding skills, and his left-arm spin bowling. Yuvraj Singh represented the Indian national cricket team in all three formats of the game (Test, One Day Internationals, and Twenty20 Internationals) during his career.

Bhupendra Patel

Bhupendra Patel is an Indian politician and the current Chief Minister of Gujarat. He assumed office in September 2021, succeeding Vijay Rupani.

Zeze Millz

Zeze Millz (real name Zalika Miller), is a British TV presenter and personality best known as the host of her YouTube show "The Zeze Millz Show" where she has interviewed Fireboy DML, Wiley, Big Narstie, Beenie Man and Black police officers from the Metropolitan Police. She has been described as "a big name in the TV and media industry." One of her shows featured Tobi Adegboyega saying “The Black Community Have Nothing To Offer Me”. She has also interviewed Ambush Buzzworl.

From November 2021 she has hosted a weekly late-night topical discussion programme with Yinka Bokinni on Channel 4 called "Unapologetic" where "Black guests talk freely about the big issues of the day and what's new on social media." It's been described as a “late-night discussion programme that doesn't hold back” and as "ever-present and ever-popular". Her interview with White Yardie where she and Bokinni discussed what defines Black culture was criticised because Yardie was asked when he ‘decided’ to be Jamaican.

She says she started her career after she and her friends were stopped from going to a West End nightclub because they were dark-skin Black women and “too big”. She then started an Instagram series, #headscarfdiaries. At that time she had a 9-5 job in events marketing, but was made redundant during the pandemic. She concentrates on issues that affect Black women, and she has talked about being opinionated, getting into social commentary, and colourism in the music industry. She was interviewed on the Wunmi Bello show in April 2022. In December 2021 she said on BBC1 Extra that she was getting ‘tired of being the strong black woman’.

She has been involved with the MOBO Awards in the audience, working behind the scenes, as a nominee and, in 2021, as a guest host.

She appeared with Harry Pinero in a four-part series "Drama vs. Reality" in December 2021 for Complex UK and ITV where she represented Reality TV.

She appeared in Aml Ameen's film Boxing Day as herself and in Stormzy's video Mel Made Me Do It.

She appeared in "Dine Hard With Rosie Jones" in July 2022.

She was a presenter at the GRM Daily Rated Awards for 2022 and was nominated for Personality of the year. In 2022 she was interviewed at length by GRM.

She produced a feature for Channel 4 in November 2022 "Young, Black and Right-Wing". She points out that the family values and morals of Black people in Britain tend to be more skewed towards the conservative, even though they generally vote Labour. She says Black people need to stop being seen as homogenous.

2023 FIFA Women's World Cup final

The 2023 FIFA Women's World Cup Final was a football game that decided the winner of the tournament. It happened on August 20, 2023, at Stadium Australia in Sydney, Australia. The teams playing were Spain and England. A total of 75,784 fans were in the stadium to watch, and the referee was Tori Penso from the United States.

Both Spain and England were in their first-ever Women's World Cup final. They wanted to achieve a rare feat by winning both the men's and women's World Cups, something only Germany had done before in 2003. Also, they wanted to be the first team from Europe to win the tournament since Germany in 2007. This was the third time in the Women's World Cup history that two European teams faced each other in the final. In the past, new champions emerged in these matches.

Spain won the final with a score of 1-0. Olga Carmona scored the only goal, and Mariona Caldentey assisted her. Spain not only became the second country to win both the men's and women's World Cups, but they also achieved another remarkable milestone by holding all three World Cups of the same gender (senior, U-20, and U-17) at the same time, following in the footsteps of Brazil's male teams between 2003 and 2005.

Both teams, Spain and England, were making their Women's World Cup final debut. Spain had participated in two previous Women's World Cups, reaching the round of 16 in 2019, while England had a more extensive history, having played in five previous World Cups, with their best performance in 2015 when they finished number three. This final marked the third all-European final in Women's World Cup history, following 1995 when Norway won against Germany in Stockholm — and 2003 when Germany won against Sweden and won their first title to become the first country to have won both senior World Cups; at the time, their men's team had won three world titles. The 2023 final's winner would be the first European team to win since Germany in 2007 and the first new champion since Japan in 2011. In their previous 17 meetings, England had the upper hand with seven wins, while Spain had three victories, and six matches ended in draws, including the ones at the UEFA Women's Championship. 

Spain's coach, Jorge Vilda, was managing in his fourth major championship in a row, becoming the first man to lead a Women's World Cup-winning side since Norio Sasaki with Japan in 2011 and the first European man since Even Pellerud in 1995 to achieve this. England's manager, Sarina Wiegman, was in her fourth big tournament. She won the 2017 Euros, came second in the 2019 Women's World Cup with the Netherlands, and won the Women's Euro 2022 with England. She made history by leading different nations in multiple men's or women's World Cup finals and sought to become the first manager to win the tournament with a foreign national team. Unfortunately, she lost, becoming the first manager to lose two successive World Cup finals.

Spain qualified for a big women's tournament in 1997 and reached the semi-finals in their first European Championship. They also made it to their first Women's World Cup in 2015. Their best result in the Women's World Cup before was getting to the round of 16 in 2019. Before the tournament started, Spain was ranked sixth in the FIFA Women's World Ranking. They were in group C with Costa Rica, Zambia, and 2011 champions Japan. In their first game of the World Cup against Costa Rica, there was an own goal from Costa Rican player Valeria del Campo. Then, Aitana Bonmatí and Esther González scored two more goals in four minutes, and Spain won 3–0. In their next game, Spain beat Zambia 5–0, with Teresa Abelleira scoring the opening goal in the ninth minute. Alba Redondo and Jennifer Hermoso also scored goals, and it was Jennifer Hermoso's 100th match. In the last group game against Japan, Spain lost 4–0, with two goals from Hinata Miyazawa. In the round of 16, Spain played against Switzerland, who won Group A. Aitana Bonmatí scored first, but then there was an own goal from Laia Codina that gave Switzerland a goal. Spain then scored three more goals in the first half to lead 4–1 at halftime. In the second half, Spain scored one more goal, and the match ended 5–1. In the quarter-finals, Spain played against the Netherlands. Mariona Caldentey scored from a penalty in the 81st minute to give Spain the lead. The Netherlands equalised later, and the game went into extra time. Salma Paralluelo scored the winning goal in extra time.

In the semi-finals, Spain faced Sweden. Spain scored first through Salma Paralluelo, but Sweden equalised with a goal from Rebecka Blomqvist. Shortly after, Olga Carmona scored a great goal, sending Spain to their second-ever senior World Cup final. This was Spain's first final since the men's team won the World Cup in 2010.

England made their first appearance in a big women's tournament in 1984, where they finished as runners-up in the European Championship. They also qualified for the Women's World Cup for the first time in 1995. The best they had done in the tournament before was coming in third place in 2015. Before the tournament, the Lionesses had achieved some important victories. They won their first big trophy at the Women's Euro 2022, which they hosted. They also beat Brazil, who had won the Copa América Femenina, in the first ever Women's Finalissima match, played at Wembley. Under manager Sarina Wiegman, they had only lost one match, which was a friendly against Australia. They were ranked fourth in the FIFA Women's World Ranking. In their group, Group D, they had teams like Haiti, Denmark, and China. In the first two games of the tournament, England won 1–0 against both Haiti and Denmark. Georgia Stanway scored a penalty in one match, and Lauren James scored a goal in the other. Needing only a draw in their last group game, England defeated China 6–1, with Lauren James scoring two goals. In the round of 16, England faced Nigeria, who finished second in their group. The match was tough, and England struggled against Nigeria. Lauren James got a yellow card and was later shown a red card after a VAR check. After a goalless 120 minutes, the match went to a penalty shootout. England won the shootout 4–2, with Georgia Stanway missing a penalty but Nigeria missing two. In the next round, England played against Colombia, who had never reached the quarter-finals before. After Colombia scored, England equalised through Lauren Hemp before the first half ended. A goal from Alessia Russo in the 63rd minute secured England's place in the semi-finals against Australia. In the semi-finals, England played against co-hosts Australia. Ella Toone scored first for England, but Australia equalised through Sam Kerr. Lauren Hemp and Alessia Russo scored to help England reach their first Women's World Cup final.

The game was described as exciting, with Spain having more clear chances to score towards the end. At the beginning, England played energetically and Spain was patient. The first shot happened in the 5th minute when England's Lauren Hemp kicked the ball at Spain's goalkeeper, Cata Coll. Spain then attacked and sent a cross into the box, but it didn't result in a goal. England had some good opportunities too, especially with passes to their forward Alessia Russo. In the 16th minute, Hemp had a great chance to score but hit the crossbar.

The match got more intense when Spain attacked and forced England's goalkeeper Mary Earps to make a quick save. Both teams had chances over the next few minutes. In the 23rd minute, a person ran onto the field and interrupted the game briefly. Spain got the ball back but their counterattack didn't work. Then, Spain's Olga Carmona scored a goal in the 29th minute after taking a shot that went between the goalkeeper and the post. Spain's goal came from a fast attack, not from their usual possession style. After this, England struggled and Spain had more chances to score.

In the second half, England changed their formation and brought in new players. They tried to defend better and create more opportunities, but they faced challenges. Spain got a penalty kick, but their shot was saved by England's goalkeeper. The game had some pauses due to injuries and video reviews. Spain controlled the game more in the later part, and despite England's efforts, they couldn't score. The match ended after extra time with Spain winning.

<section begin=Final /><section end=Final />
<section begin=Line-ups />

</includeonly><section end=Line-ups />
Match rules

Spain has become the second country to win both the men's and women's World Cups. They're also the second country, after Brazil's male teams in 2003-2005, to hold all three World Cups of the same gender (senior, under-20, and under-17) at the same time. Salma Paralluelo is the first player, regardless of gender, to win all three World Cups in the same category. 

In a match, Spain's captain and goalscorer, Olga Carmona, was named the best player. After scoring, she lifted her shirt to show an undershirt with "Merchi" written on it, which was the name of her friend's mother who had recently died. In the press room after the match, she dedicated the victory to her. Sadly, she was informed shortly after that her own father had also died before the match.

The Spain team took an overnight flight back to Madrid for a public celebration on the evening of 21st August, which was held at Madrid Río park and attended by several thousand people. The victory of the team was prominently featured on the front pages of newspapers on 21st August with strong headlines. The England team stayed overnight in Sydney before returning to London, and they are set to arrive on 22nd August. The Women's Super League won't begin its season until October. Keir Starmer, the UK Leader of the Opposition, has called for the team to be honoured for reaching a World Cup final, something that has happened before in men's sports. The match was also featured on the front pages of all British newspapers on 21st August, mostly showing images of the team looking disappointed, with headlines expressing pride at reaching the final.

During the ceremony where medals were given out, the president of the Royal Spanish Football Federation (RFEF), Luis Rubiales, kissed Jennifer Hermoso on the lips, even though she clearly didn't like it. This action was criticized, especially because it highlighted the ongoing issue of sexism in sports, and many people called for Rubiales to step down from his position. In a different situation at the end of the game, Rubiales was caught on camera pointing at the Spanish players and making an inappropriate gesture by grabbing his private area. This rude gesture received further criticism because he was standing next to Infanta Sofía, a teenage member of the Spanish royal family. After Hermoso expressed that she didn't expect or appreciate the kiss, Rubiales went into the players' changing room. He reportedly put his arm around Hermoso and made a joke about marrying her in Ibiza.

Later, while on a layover on his way back from Australia, Rubiales posted a video in which he apologized. He said he didn't have bad intentions and was sorry for taking attention away from the celebration. He mentioned that being the president requires being more careful. Rubiales faced a lot of criticism for his actions, and many people, including various Spanish football organizations and the government, called for him to resign. He and the national team coach, Vilda, tried to get Hermoso to support Rubiales by issuing a fake statement when she wouldn't. However, Hermoso released a statement through her union, Futpro, stating that the kiss was unacceptable, and they were working to see that it was appropriately addressed.

The RFEF scheduled an extraordinary general meeting for 25th August to discuss this matter.

CM.com

CM.com, formerly known as CM Telecom, is a Dutch mobile service company established in 1999. Initially focusing on Group Text services for event organizers, the company expanded into SMS messaging and developed MailText software. In recent years, CM.com diversified into mobile payments and acquired several companies, including OneSixty Mobile B.V., Global Messaging, and Service2Media. 

Telekom Electronic Beats

Telekom Electronic Beats (TEB) is an international music marketing program launched by Deutsche Telekom AG in 2000, focusing on electronic music and club culture. It organizes events such as concerts, festivals, and club nights across Europe. TEB's media portfolio includes "Electronic Beats TV," a long-running video magazine that transitioned to a quarterly DVD called Slices and now hosts content on YouTube. They also have an online magazine called .net, which covers electronic dance music and club culture. TEB had a print publication called Electronic Beats Magazine until 2015. They have also ventured into record label collaborations and launched the app "The Lenz" with Gorillaz in 2017. 

CYTA

CYTA Ltd. (Cyprus Telecommunication Authority) is the leading telecommunications provider in Cyprus. Established in 1955 as Cyprus Inland Telecommunications Authority (CITA), it was later renamed Cyta in 1961. Cyta offers integrated electronic communication services, including fixed line telecommunications, mobile telecommunications, and internet access. They have been providing mobile telephony since 1988 and internet access since 1995 under the brand Cytanet. In 2004, they entered the digital and interactive television market with the service renamed as Cytavision. Cyta currently operates as Cytamobile-Vodafone.

Hurricane Electric

Hurricane Electric is a global Internet service provider based in Fremont, California. They offer internet transit, network applications, and data center colocation services. According to their own data, they are the largest global IP network in terms of network adjacencies in both IPv4 and IPv6. They operate the largest IPv4 and IPv6 transit networks globally, with a focus on native IPv6 connections. Hurricane Electric also provides an IPv6 tunnel broker service, offering free connectivity to the IPv6 Internet. They have an online IPv6 certification program aimed at promoting education and compliance in IPv6 technology.

Vijay Shankar

Vijay Shankar (born 26 January 1991) is an Indian cricketer who represents Tamil Nadu in domestic cricket. He is a right-handed batsman and a right-arm medium-pace bowler. Shankar is known for his all-round abilities, contributing with both bat and ball. He plays for the Gujarat Titans team in the Indian premier league.

Wikipedia bots

Wikipedia bots are automated computer programs that perform simple, repetitive tasks on Wikipedia. Bots perform their jobs under a different user name than the owner, so that it is easy to tell them apart. 

The most popular type of bot is called the Python Wikipedia Robot Framework or "pywikibot" for short.

Vijay Rupani

Vijay Rupani (born 2 August 1956) is an Indian politician from the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP). He served as the Chief Minister of Gujarat from 7 August 2016 to 11 September 2021. Rupani succeeded Anandiben Patel and was later succeeded by Bhupendra Patel.

List of Daniel Tiger's Neighborhood episodes

WordGirl

WordGirl is an American children's flash animated superhero television series produced by the Soup2Nuts animation unit of Scholastic Entertainment for PBS Kids. The series began as a series of shorts entitled The Amazing Colossal Adventures of WordGirl that premiered on PBS Kids and PBS Kids Go! on November 10, 2006, usually shown at the end of Maya & Miguel the segment was then spun off into a new thirty-minute episodic series that premiered on September 3, 2007 on most PBS member stations. The series of shorts consisted of thirty episodes, with 130 episodes in the full half-hour series.

WordGirl creator Dorothea Gillim felt that most children's animation "underestimated [children's] sense of humor" and hoped to create a more intellectual show for young audiences.

By June 2014, many PBS stations had stopped airing WordGirl, opting to air more popular series throughout the summer. However, new episodes continued to air on select stations, with streaming options on the PBS Kids website and video app. The series ended on August 7, 2015, with the episode "Rhyme & Reason".

Kirit Parmar

Kirit Parmar is an Indian politician who is serving as Mayor and First Citizen of Ahmedabad from 10 March 2021. He also served as Councillor from 2010 to 2020.

False balance

False balance is when journalists try to avoid bias by bringing up every opinion anyone has and accidentally imply that opinions while have nothing to do with evidence are normal disagreements to have, even when they are not.

Optare StarRider

The Optare StarRider was a step-entrance midibus and minicoach made by Optare from 1987 to 1994.

It was built on the Mercedes-Benz 811D chassis. 

In 1995, it was replaced by the Optare MetroRider

Shinmei shrines

Shinmei shrines are shinto shrines where Amaterasu is worshipped. The most important Shinmei shrine is Ise Grand Shrine. Other shinmei shrines are "branch shrines" of Ise Grand Shrine. Shinmei shrines, Tenjin shrines, Inari shrines and Hachiman shrines are the most common types of shrines. 

Suwa Taisha

Suwa Taisha is a Shinto shrine in Nagano Prefecture. It is the "ichinomiya" or highest ranked shrine of the former Shinano Province and is very old.

Kupala Night

Kupala Night is a traditional slavic holiday. It celebrates John the Baptist
Perry Johnson 2024 presidential campaign

The presidential campaign of businessman Perry Johnson began on March 2, 2023 after he filed to run with the Federal Election Commission.

Johnson also ran a Super Bowl commercial in Iowa for his campaign. At the 2023 Conservative Political Action Conference, Johnson received five percent of the presidential straw poll vote, coming in third place behind Donald Trump and Ron DeSantis. 

Johnson has been campaigning in Iowa, hoping to win a large enough percentage in that state's caucus, the first in the primary. Johnson's campaign slogan is "Two cents to save America". This slogan his based on his policy where he wants to cut 2 cents off every dollar of federal budget. 

Johnson has promised to "eliminate" the FBI calling it a "corrupt". 

Johnson did not qualify to appear in the Republican primary debates, because of his low polling numbers, and not enough donations to his campaign. To qualify for the debates, Johnson has been selling $1 t-shirts on Facebook saying "I stand with Tucker" and counting each sale as a donation to his campaign.

On October 20, 2023, Johnson ended his campaign and supported former President Donald Trump's re-election bid, after failing to qualify for any of the debates and for his low polling numbers.

Fernando Villavicencio

Fernando Alcibiades Villavicencio Valencia (11 October 1963 – 9 August 2023) was an Ecuadorian politician, activist and journalist who was a candidate for President of Ecuador in the 2023 general election. He was a member of the National Assembly from 2017 until his assassination in 2023.

Villavicencio was the first to report about detailed security logs on Julian Assange that staff and security guards at Ecuador's UK embassy kept. In 2015, Cynthia Viteri and Villavicencio sent secret documents to WikiLeaks showing that Ecuador was using an Italian company to run a surveillance program that was spying on journalists and political enemies.

During the 2013–2014 National Assembly session, Villavicencio accused President Rafael Correa of having ordered an armed attack at a hospital during a police revolt in September 2010. He was sued by Correa for libel, and Villavicencio was sentenced to 18 months in prison. He traveled to Washington, D.C., to look for help from the Inter-American Commission on Human Rights, but when he returned to Ecuador, he already had an arrest warrant against him. Instead of turning himself in, he hid in the Amazon region until his sentence expired.

In May 2023, after President Guillermo Lasso's dissolution of the National Assembly, Villavicencio announced his candidacy for President of Ecuador in the upcoming 2023 election.

In September 2022, Villavicencio claimed he was the target of an assassination attempt after his home was allegedly attacked by gunfire.

On 9 August 2023, Villavicencio was shot in the head after finishing a campaign rally in Quito. He was pronounced dead at the scene. He was 59 years old.

Tenjin shrines

Tenjin shrines are shinto shrines that worship Tenjin. There are 14 thousand shrines to Tenjin in Japan. 

Jan Topić

Jan Topić (born April 23, 1983) is an Ecuadorian businessman and politician. He was born in Guayaquil, Guayas. He is running for President of Ecuador in the 2023 election. He has been president of Telconet since 2010. In 2019, he was investigated for money laundering during the Odebrecht Case.

Daniel Noboa

Daniel Roy-Gilchrist Noboa Azin (born 30 November 1987) is an American-born Ecuadorian politician and businessman. He became the President of Ecuador after winning the 2023 election. He was a member of the National Assembly of Ecuador, between 2021 and 2023. He was born in Guayaquil, Ecuador. His father is businessman and former presidential candidate Álvaro Noboa.

Noboa was born on 30 November 1987, in Miami, Florida. He is the son of businessman Álvaro Noboa, and of doctor Anabella Azin. He was raised in Guayaquil, Ecuador.

After studying at the New York University Stern School of Business, he earned a degree in business administration in 2010.

At the age of 18, he founded his own company, DNA Entertainment Group.

His father Álvaro Noboa's Noboa Corporation business is an exporter of bananas. He is seen as an heir to the company. He was the Shipping Director of Noboa Corporation. He was also commercial and logistics director, between 2010 and June 2018.

Noboa was elected to the National Assembly in the 2021 legislative elections. He was inaugurated on 14 May of the same year. In that same May, he became president of the Commission for Economic, Productive and Microenterprise Development. In March 2023, he was in favour of the "muerte cruzada" and supported President Guillermo Lasso during his impeachment proceedings. On 17 May 2023, Lasso used "muerte cruzada" to the National Assembly's current term and ended Noboa's term in the assembly. 

In May 2023, after his term in the National Assembly ended, he announced his candidacy for the presidential elections of the same year, by the political movement National Democratic Action (ADN). His running mate was businesswoman Verónica Abad Rojas. 

On 20 August, Noboa won 23.47% of the actual votes and advanced to the run-off election set for 15 October, facing Luisa González. His second place finish was seen as surprising.

In the second round, Noboa was elected, winning 52% of the vote. At age 35, he is the youngest president to be elected in Ecuadorian history.

Noboa was inaugurated as president on 23 November 2023, becoming the country's youngest person to assume the office. President of Colombia Gustavo Petro was the only foreign head of state to attend his inauguration. His inaugural address lasted seven minutes.

In 2018, he married Gabriela Goldbaum. They had a daughter. They later divorced. In June 2021, a complaint filed by Noboa was accepted by a Spanish court to investigate the insurance company Mapfre. This was related to an alleged violation of privacy and disclosure of secrets involving data used by Goldbaum during their divorce. 

In 2021, he married social media figure Lavinia Valbonesi. They have one son. In October 2023, it became known that Noboa and Valbonesi will have their second son in February 2024.


Luisa González

Luisa Magdalena González Alcivar (born November 22, 1977) is an Ecuadorian politician and lawyer. She was elected to the National Assembly in the 2021 legislative elections. She was a candidate for President of Ecuador in the 2023 general election. Between 2007 to 2017, González had several government jobs during the presidency of Rafael Correa. She is a member of the Citizen Revolution Movement, a left-wing party founded by Correa.

González was born in Quito, Pichincha Province. She was raised in Chone Canton, Manabí Province. She studied to become a lawyer. She has a master's degree in economics from Complutense University of Madrid in Spain.

González was a research assistant at the International University of Ecuador in 2005.

In 2007, she was a candidate for the right-wing Social Christian Party (PSC) in the province of Pichincha.

She had many government positions when Rafael Correa was president. In 2016, she worked at the Ecuadorian embassy in Spain. From January to May 2017, she was the Secretary of Public Administration.

González was elected as member of the National Assembly in the 2021 legislative elections. Despite being a member of a progressive political party, she had been against legalizing marijuana, abortion and same-sex marriage. On May 17, 2023 when President Guillermo Lasso dissolved the National Assembly, González's time in the assembly ended.

In 2019, she was charged by the Comptroller's Office (Contraloría) for being responsible for USD 880.473,47 for the irregular use of the Presidential plane, in flights to fiscal paradises. 

On June 10, 2023, González became the presidential candidate for the Citizen Revolution Movement for the 2023 general election. 2021 presidential candidate Andrés Arauz was nominated as her running mate. Should González be elected president, she would be the first female elected president in the country's history.

On June 13, while González was about to register her presidential candidacy, she was attacked with pepper spray and tear gas by the National Police. After being hospitalized in Quito, she was able to register her candidacy at the end of the day.

In the first round of the election, González advanced to the run-off election set for October 15, after winning 33% of the vote. She faced businessman and former Assembly member Daniel Noboa of the National Democratic Action. She lost the run-off election to Noboa on 15 October, after winning 47% of the vote.


Tanya Savicheva

Tatyana Nikolayevna Savicheva (Russian: Татья́на Никола́ыевна Са́вичева; 23 January 1930 – 1 July 1944) was a Soviet schoolgirl who during the Siege of Leningrad, used her notebook as a diary. Almost the entire family of Tanya Savicheva died during the siege from December 1941 to May 1942. Her diary consists of nine pages, six of which contains the death dates of her family members. Tanya died after evacuation on 1 July 1944, at the age of 14. Her hospital registration card stated that she suffered from scurvy, dystrophy, neurosis, blindness, and intestinal tuberculosis. Only her older sister Nina and her brother Mikahil had survived the siege, thanks to whom Tanya's diary has survived and has become one of the mournful symbols of the Great Patriotic War. During the 20th century, only excerpts of Tanya's diary were published. The diary was digitized in 2016, and exhibited at the Rumyantsev Mansion.

Tanya was born on 23 Janaury 1930 in the village of Dvorishchi near Gdov, not far from Lake Peipus, but, liker her brothers and sisters, she grew up in Leningrad (which is why Leningrad is often erroneously indicated as her birthplace). 

Tanya was the fifth and youngest child of Nikolai Rodionovich Savichev (1884 – 5 March 1936) and Maria Ignatievna Fedorova (1889 – 13 May 1942). She had two sisters named Evgenia (1909 – 28 December 1941) and Nina (23 November 1918 – 6 February 2013), and two brothers named Leonid "Lyoka" (1917 – 17 March 1942) and Mikhail (1921–1988). She also had two older sisters and a brother whom she never knew because they died in infancy from scarlet fever in 1916, before she was born.

Maria decided in advance that she would not give birth in Leningrad, and in the last month of her pregnancy, she went to Dvorishchi to her sister Kapitolina, whose husband was a doctor and helped Maria give birth. She returned to Leningrad with her infant daughter Tanya, being already a few months old. It is unknown exactly when Tanya was born, though three possible dates are known: 




Tanya's father, Nikolai, owned the Labor Artel of the Savichev brothers, opened by him in 1910 on the 2nd line of Vasilevsky Street in the Sovietskaya Street. Nikolai himself, Maria, and Nikolai's three brothers named Dmitry, Vasily, and Alexei, all worked in the bakery.

In the 1930's, Nikolai, who was a Nepman, became "a lishenet" and in 1935 the NKVD evicted the Savichevs from Leningrad, to put them on the 101st kilometer for the village of Borovichi, but after sometime the family were able to return to the city, however Nikolai fell ill in exile and died from cancer on 5 March 1936 at the age of 52. He was buried at the Smolensk Orthodox Cemetery not far from the chapel of Xenia the Blessed, where three of his other children were buried earlier in 1916. 

Being the children of a "deprived person" all five Savichevs could not join the Komsomol and were limited in their choice of higher education. By the beginning of the war, Nina and Evgenia worked together at the Nevsky Plant named after Lenin (Evgenia worked in the archive and Nina worked in the design bureau). Leonid served as planer at the Admiralty Shipyards. Misha graduated from factory school and worked as a fitter. Maria was a seamstress, and worked as a homeworker in the sewing company "May 1 Artel" and was considered as one of the best embroiders there. Leonid was fond of music and together with his friends formed an amateur string orchestra. They often held rehearsals in Leonid's apartment. The Savichevs had many musical instruments that included a piano, guitars, a banjo, a balalaika, and a mandolin. In their free time, the Savichevs organized home concerts. Leonid and Mikhail played the instruments, Maria and Tanya sang, and the rest kept on with the chorus. 

Nina and Misha remembered Tanya as "a very shy and not childishly serious girl". 

According to them, "Tanya was a golden girl. Inquisitive, with a easy and even character. She was very good at listening. We told her about everything. About work, about sports, about friends, etc." 

Tanya had a particularly good relationship with her uncle Vasily. He had a small library in his apartment, and Tanya asked him questions, mostly about life. They often took walks along the Neva.

Adeliza of Louvain

Adeliza of Louvain (c. 1103 – 1151) was Queen of England from 1121 to 1135. She was King Henry I's second wife. 
She married Henry when she was 18. They had no children. Adeliza was important in making French poetry and art more popular. When Henry died in 1135, Stephen of Blois became the King of England. Adeliza lived in a convent for three years. She married William d'Aubigny and had seven children. In 1150, she moved to Brabant. She died in 1151.

Inari shrine

Inari shrines are Shinto shrines dedicated to the goddess Inari Okami.

Hachiman shrines

Hachiman shrines are Shinto shrines dedicated to the god Hachiman.

I Just Don't Know What to Do with Myself

"I Just Don't Know What to Do with Myself" is a song written by Burt Bacharach and Hal David. The most popular version is the Dusty Springfield 1964 single and was taken from her second studio album "Dusty". It went to number 16 in Australia, number 5 in Ireland and the Netherlands and number 3 in New Zealand and the United Kingdom.

In 1966, Dionne Warwick released "I Just Don't Know What to Do with Myself" for her sixth studio album "Here Where There Is Love". It went to number 26 in the United States and number 36 in Canada. It went on to be covered by Marcia Hines in 1976 and The White Stripes in 2003.

Kotohira shrines

Kotohira shrines are shinto shrines that worship Ōmononushi.

Kotohira-gū

It is a very popular pilgrimage spot.

Before the Meiji era, Kotohira Shrine was also a Buddhist site.



Electoral district of Liverpool

Liverpool is an electoral district of New South Wales. It was created in 1950.

Liverpool is in Greater Western Sydney.

Electoral district of Holsworthy

Holsworthy is an electoral district of New South Wales. It was created in 2015.

It is normally a conservative electorate, having always been held by the Liberal Party. However, the Labor Party almost won the seat in 2023.

Holsworthy is in Southern and Greater Western Sydney.

Electoral district of Miranda

Miranda is an electoral district of New South Wales. It was created in 1971.

Miranda is located in Southern Sydney.

Electoral district of Cronulla

Cronulla is an electoral district of New South Wales. It was created in 1959.

It is a conservative electorate.

Cronulla is located in Southern Sydney.

Electoral district of Oatley

Oatley is an electoral district of New South Wales. It was created in 1927, abolished in 1930 and recreated in 2007.

Oatley is in Southern Sydney.

Electoral district of Badgerys Creek

Badgerys Creek is an electoral district of New South Wales. It was created in 1991, abolished in 1999 (being replaced by Mulgoa) and recreated in 2023 (replacing Mulgoa).

Badgerys Creek is in Greater Western Sydney.

Electoral district of Penrith

Penrith is an electoral district of New South Wales. It was created in 1973.

Penrith is almost entirely in Greater Western Sydney, but it does include a few suburbs of the Blue Mountains.

Electoral district of Londonderry

Londonderry is an electoral district of New South Wales. It was created in 1988.

Londonderry is in Greater Western Sydney.

Electoral district of Riverstone

Riverstone is an electoral district of New South Wales. It was created in 1981.

Riverstone is in Greater Western Sydney.

Electoral district of Blacktown

Blacktown is an electoral district of New South Wales. It was created in 1941.

Blacktown is in Greater Western Sydney.

Electoral district of Mount Druitt

Mount Druitt is an electoral district of New South Wales. It was created in 1971, abolished in 1981 and recreated in 1991.

Mount Druitt is in Greater Western Sydney.

Electoral district of Prospect

Prospect is an electoral district of New South Wales. It was created in 2015.

Prospect is in Greater Western Sydney.

Electoral district of East Hills

East Hills is an electoral district of New South Wales. It was created in 1953.

East Hills is in Southern Sydney.

Electoral district of Bankstown

Bankstown is an electoral district of New South Wales. It was created in 1927.

Bankstown is in Greater Western Sydney.

Electoral district of Kogarah

Kogarah is an electoral district of New South Wales. It was created in 1930.

Kogarah is in Southern Sydney.

Electoral district of Rockdale

Rockdale is an electoral district of New South Wales. It was created in 1927, abolished in 1930 and recreated in 1941.

Rockdale is in Southern Sydney.

Electoral district of Canterbury

Canterbury is an electoral district of New South Wales. It was created in 1859, abolished in 1920 and recreated in 1927.

Canterbury is in Southern Sydney.

Rohanixalus senapatiensis

Senapti's bubble-nest frog or Senapti's tree frog ("Rohanixalus senapatiensis") is a frog. It lives in northeastern India.

Electoral district of Strathfield

Strathfield is an electoral district of New South Wales. It was created in 1988.

Strathfield is in the Sydney CBD.

The swings above are calculated from the 2022 Strathfield state by-election.

Electoral district of Heffron

Heffron is an electoral district of New South Wales. It was created in 1973.

Heffron is in the Eastern Suburbs of Sydney.

Electoral district of Coogee

Coogee is an electoral district of New South Wales. It was created in 1927.

Coogee is in the Eastern Suburbs of Sydney.

Electoral district of Maroubra

Maroubra is an electoral district of New South Wales. It was created in 1950.

Maroubra is in the Eastern Suburbs of Sydney.

Electoral district of Macquarie Fields

Macquarie Fields is an electoral district of New South Wales. It was created in 1988, abolished in 1991 and recreated in 1999.

Macquarie Fields is in Greater Western Sydney.

Electoral district of Campbelltown

Campbelltown is an electoral district of New South Wales. It was created in 1968.

Campbelltown is in Southern and Greater Western Sydney.

Electoral district of Camden

Camden is an electoral district of New South Wales. It was created in 1859, abolished in 1920 and recreated in 1981.

Camden is in Southern and Greater Western Sydney.

Electoral district of Leppington

Leppington is an electoral district of New South Wales. It was created in 2023.

Leppington is in Greater Western Sydney.

Merer

Merer ( 25th century BC) was a Ancient Egyptian diarist and middle ranking official who kept the first known diaries.
His diaries mostly consists of the daily activities of him and his crew. The diaries also documents the transportation of white limestone blocks from Tura to Giza by boat. According to the diaries, the white limestone blocks were used to build the Great Pyramid of Giza. Merer also mentions in his diaries that Khufu (the Egyptian pharaoh, at the time) was in his 26th or 27th year of reign, at the time. According to the diaries, around forty boatmen worked under Merer. The diaries were discovered in 2013.

Merer was an Ancient Egyptian. 

The first years of Merer's life is completely obscure.

In his adulthood, Merer was a middle ranking official who held the title "inspector" ("sHD").
Merer and his crew worked by transporting white limestone blocks from Tura to Giza, which were then used to construct the Great Pyramid of Giza, which is documented in Merer's diary. 
Around forty boatmen worked under Merer. 

Later in his life, Merer works as a construction builder in the Nile Delta and is attempting to build a "double djadja" in the region. And even later than that, Merer works at the residence of Egyptian pharaoh Khufu. 

The last years of Merer's life are disputed.

The first and second diaries reveal that Merer and his crew work for several months transporting limestone from Tura to Giza in the 26th or 27th year of the reign of Egyptian pharaoh Khufu. About every ten days, two or three round trips were done, shipping approximately 30 blocks of 2—3 tonnes each, amounting to approximately 200 blocks per month. In the diaries, Merer mentions that he and his crew opened giant dykes to divert water from the Nile, channeling it into canals leading it into the Great Pyramid of Giza. Around forty boatmen worked under Merer. The period covered in the diaries spans a few months.

The entries in those two diaries are all arranged in the same line.
At the top of every entry is a heading naming the month and season. 
Under that there is a horizontal line listing the days of the months. Under the entries for the days, there are always two vertical columns describing what happened on these days (Section B II): "[Day 1] The director of 6 Idjeru casts for Heliopolis in a transport boat to bring us food from Heliopolis while the elite is in Tura", "Day 2 Inspector Merer spends the day with his troop hauling stones in Tura North; spending the night at Tura North." 

The diaries also mention the original name of the Great Pyramid of Giza: Akhet–Khufu (English: Horizon of Khufu). 

In addition to Merer and his crew, a few other people are mentioned in the two diaries. The most important one is Ankhhaf, a half-brother of Khufu. Ankhhaf is known from other Ancient Egyptian sources dating to around his time. It is highly speculated that Ankhaf was a prince and vizier under Khufu and/or Khafre. In the diaries, Merer mentions that Ankhhaf is a nobleman and a overseer of a ship harbor at Giza.
It is highly speculated that the limestone blocks used to build the Great Pyramid were transported to the harbor.

In the two diaries, Merer writes mostly about his work.

The third diary reveals that Merer is working as a construction builder in the Nile Delta and is attempting to build a "double djadja" in the region, at the time.

The fourth diary reveals that Merer is working at the residence and the (?) of Khufu, at the time.

Other diaries (5 and 6) and associated accounts (7 to 12 and other accounts) are in a state of severe putrefaction and their texts have yet to be translated and/or published.

In 2013, French archaeologists unearthed Merer's diaries during a excavation in a Ancient Egyptian man-made cave. 
The archaeologists unearthed six diaries and more than six associated accounts. All of the papyri had text written in the pages, as far as we know.
The original copy of the diaries are exhibited at the Egyptian Museum in Cairo.

Adolf Patek

Adolf Patek (4 April 1900 – 9 September 1982) was an Austrian footballer and football manager.

He began his playing career in 1916 with Wiener Sport-Club. In 1919 his team reached the Austrian Cup finals. They lost 3-0 versus SK Rapid Wien. Together with Karl Jordan he joined DFC Ústí for a short time. Then he went to DFC Prague. He quickly became known as a striker. Then he went on to Sparta Prague. With Sparta he won the Czechoslovak championship in 1926 and 1927. He also won the 1927 Mitropa Cup with Sparta and played in the final of the 1930 Mitropa Cup.

After the Second World War Patek became a football manager. From 1947 to 1949 he was the coach of FC Bern. From September 1949 until May 1953, he coached the Luxembourg national football team. Then he went to Karlsruher SC. He won the 1955 DFB Cup as a member of this team. They reached the final again in 1956 but lost to Borussia Dortmund.

In 1956 Patek became coach of Eintracht Frankfurt and won the German Cup against FC Schalke. After two years in Frankfurt, he spent three years as coach at Bayern Munich. After a short stint with SC YF Juventus he returned to Austria to coach SC Wiener Neustadt, reaching the 1965 Austrian Cup final against LASK Linz. 

Grease duct

A grease duct is a duct that vents flammable vapors from commercial cooking equipment such as stoves and deep fryers to the outside of the building. It will normally be connected to an exhaust fan.

Vapors are created when grease is heated to and beyond its vaporization point. When it cools, the grease will condense on colder surfaces. Grease is a flammable hydrocarbon.

In many places, they will be constructed out of stainless-steel ductwork connected through a series of air filters which will be pulled by a fan and exhausted outside. They will also often have some form of fire damper in this ductwork connected to the fire alarm system. 

These systems must be cleaned sometimes. Many will have certificates issued by the cleaning and maintenance contractors.

Problems with hoods that are not taken care of include poor ventilation, excess heat and smoke, and the potential risk of fires.


Yadavs in Bihar

Yadavs in Bihar refers to the people of Yadav community of the Indian state of Bihar. They are also known as Ahir, Gope and Rai etc. The Yadavs form the single largest caste population in the state with more than 14.26% of the state's population, and are included in the Other Backward Class category.

The Yadavs claim to be descended from lord Krishna of ancient Yadu tribe.

According to Vishnu Purana, Abhiras (modern day Ahirs) conquered Magadha and regained there for several hundred years.

In Bihar, there were many zamindars belonging to the Ahir community. These zamindars belonged to the difficult geographical regions, mostly diara land of the rivers. In the diara regions their rule continued with the help of their militia. The Ahir zamindars were predominantly found in northern and eastern parts of Bihar.


At one time the main occupation of the Yadavs of Bihar was rearing cattle, but now most of them are cultivator. While majority of Yadavs were peasants with minor landholdings in the Northern and Central parts of India, a few Yadavs had taken over large tract of land in the newly reclaimed portion of Eastern Bihar (Purnea and Saharsa) and had become big landholders.

There are four main sub-castes of Yadav/Ahirs in Bihar, Kishnaut, Majhraut, Kannaujia or Kanyakubja and Goria. Apart from these four, Ahir sub-caste like Ghoshi, Dhadhor and Sadgop are also found in small numbers. Among them the first three never sell either milk, ghee or butter, and have, to a large extent, became cultivator.

The titles generally used by the Yadav/Ahirs community in Bihar are the Rai/Ray, Roy, Chaudhary, Gope, Mandal, Singh, Raut, Bhagat, Mahto etc.

In Kosi division of Bihar, people of the Yadav/Ahir caste worship their caste deity Bisu Raut, whose temple is situated on the banks of the Gogri river.

Gobanai Baba is worshipped by Yadav/Ahir families of Darbhanga district. His temple is situated in village Mahulia.

Lorikayan is sung by Yadav/Ahir community of Bihar, it is a folk song of veer rasa where events from the life of Lorik, a Ahir hero are described. This epic is more popular in Bhojpuri, Maithili and Magahi.

Around 1933–1934, the Yadavs joined with the Kurmis and Koeris to form the Triveni Sangh, a caste federation that by 1936 claimed to have a million supporters. This coalition followed an alliance for the 1930 local elections which fared badly at the polls. The new grouping had little electoral success: it won a few seats in the 1937 elections but was stymied by a two-pronged opposition which saw the rival Congress wooing some of its more wealthy leading lights to a newly formed unit called the ""Backward Class Federation"" and an effective opposition from upper castes organised to keep the lower castes in their customary place. Added to this, the three putatively allied castes were unable to set aside their communal rivalries and the Triveni Sangh also faced competition from the All India Kisan Sabha, a peasant-oriented socio-political campaigning group run by the Communists. The appeal of the Triveni Sangh had waned significantly by 1947 but had achieved a measure of success away from the ballot box, notably by exerting sufficient influence to bring an end to the begar system of forced unpaid labour and by providing a platform for those voices seeking reservation of jobs in government for people who were not upper castes. Many years later, in 1965, there was an abortive attempt to revive the defunct federation.
In the post Mandal phase Kurmi, Koeri and Yadav, the three backward castes who constitute the upper-OBC due to their advantageous position in the socio-economic sphere of agrarian society became the new political elite of the state.


It is shown in the Bengal Census Report that 80 per cent of the Ahirs in Bihar are engaged in agriculture.

Eastern Victoria Region

Eastern Victoria is an electoral region of the Victorian Legislative Council. It is located in the eastern part of Victoria.

The region includes the Legislative Assembly (lower house) electoral districts of Bass, Evelyn, Gippsland East, Gippsland South, Hastings, Monbulk, Mornington, Morwell, Narracan, Nepean and Pakenham.

North-Eastern Metropolitan Region

The North-Eastern Metropolitan Region, previously called the Eastern Metropolitan Region, is an electoral region of the Victorian Legislative Council, the upper house of the Victorian Parliament. It is located in the northeastern part of Melbourne.

It includes the Legislative Assembly (lower house) electoral districts of Bayswater, Box Hill, Bulleen, Bundoora, Croydon, Eltham, Glen Waverley, Ivanhoe, Mill Park, Ringwood and Warrandyte.

Northern Metropolitan Region

The Northern Metropolitan Region is an electoral region of the Victorian Legislative Council, the upper house of the Victorian Parliament. It is located in the northern part of Melbourne.

The region includes the Legislative Assembly (lower house) electoral districts of Broadmeadows, Brunswick, Essendon, Greenvale, Kalkallo, Melbourne, Northcote, Pascoe Vale, Preston, Richmond and Thomastown.

Northern Victoria Region

The Northern Victoria Region is an electoral region of the Victorian Legislative Council, the upper house of the Victorian Parliament. It is in the northern part of Victoria.

The region includes the Legislative Assembly (lower house) electoral districts of Benambra, Bendigo East, Bendigo West, Eildon, Euroa, Macedon, Mildura, Murray Plains, Ovens Valley, Shepparton and Yan Yean.

South-Eastern Metropolitan Region

The South-Eastern Metropolitan Region is an electoral region of the Victorian Legislative Council, the upper house of the Victorian Parliament. It is located in the southeastern part of Melbourne.

The region includes the Legislative Assembly (lower house) electoral districts of Berwick, Carrum, Clarinda, Cranbourne, Dandenong, Frankston, Mordialloc, Mulgrave, Narre Warren North, Narre Warren South and Rowville.

 9,334 1.99 -1.11 

Kering

Kering is a multinational corporation based in France that focuses on luxury goods. It owns several famous brands such as Balenciaga, Bottega Veneta, Gucci, Alexander McQueen, and Yves Saint Laurent.

The company's history dates back to 1962 when François Pinault founded a timber-trading company called Pinault S.A. Over time, the company expanded its operations and went public on Euronext Paris in 1988. In 1994, it transformed into a retail conglomerate known as Pinault-Printemps-Redoute (PPR). Eventually, in 2013, the company rebranded itself as Kering, focusing on luxury products. François-Henri Pinault has held the positions of president and CEO of Kering since 2005.

Southern Metropolitan Region

The Southern Metropolitan Region is an electoral region of the Victorian Legislative Council, the upper house of the Victorian Parliament. It is located in the southern part of Melbourne.

The region includes the Legislative Assembly (lower house) electoral districts of Albert Park, Ashwood, Bentleigh, Brighton, Caulfield, Hawthorn, Kew, Malvern, Oakleigh, Prahran and Sandringham. It is the richest electoral region in Victoria.

Western Victoria Region

The Western Victoria Region is an electoral region of the Victorian Legislative Council (upper house) of the Victorian Parliament. It is located in the western part of Victoria.

The region includes the Legislative Assembly (lower house) electoral districts of Bellarine, Eureka, Geelong, Lara, Lowan, Melton, Polwarth, Ripon, South Barwon, South-West Coast and Wendouree.

Electoral regions of Victoria

In Victorian politics, an electoral region is a region of the Victorian Legislative Council, the upper house of the Victorian Parliament. The Legislative Council has 40 members, with five elected from the eight regions. They have existed since the 2006 state election, after major reforms from the Labor government of Steve Bracks in 2003.

There are currently eight electoral regions in Victoria, three rural ones and five metropolitan ones:
The boundaries of these regions were last redrawn in 2021 for the 2022 state election.


Electoral regions of Western Australia

In Western Australian politics, an electoral region was a region of the Western Australian Legislative Council, the upper house of the Western Australian Parliament. The system was created in 1989. They will be abolished at the 2025 state election, after reforms by the Labor government of Mark McGowan and Roger Cook. Instead of the Legislative Council being elected from different regions like in Victoria, they will be elected from the state as a whole like in New South Wales and South Australia.

At the 2021 state election, there were six electoral regions:
Note: The metropolitan regions (marked *) use the 2013 area information.

The structure of the regions prior to the 2015 redistribution was as follows:

Legend:


Tasmanian Legislative Council electoral divisions

The Tasmanian Legislative Council has 15 single-member constituencies, called divisions.

The 15 Tasmanian Legislative Council divisions as of the 2016-17 redistribution are:


Tasmanian House of Assembly electoral divisions

The Tasmanian House of Assembly has five divisions, with five members each. The boundaries are the same as those used for the federal House of Representatives.

The five Tasmanian House of Assembly divisions are:



Fereidoun Hassanpour

Fereidoun Hassanpour (Persian: فریدون حسن پور, born 28 September 1961) is an Iranian movie director and screenwriter. He is a theater director graduate from Tehran University.




Even the Losers

"Even the Losers" is a 1980 song by Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers and is the third track from their third studio album "Damn the Torpedoes". It also appeared on their 1993 album "Greatest Hits". The song was not released as a single except in Australia.

Skateaway

"Skateaway" is a 1980 song by British rock band Dire Straits and is the second single from their third studio album "Making Movies". It went to number 58 in the United States, number 37 in the United Kingdom and number 47 in New Zealand. It features the daughter of Nigeria's first president in the music video.

Kenan &amp; Kel

Kenan & Kel is an American sitcom created by Kim Bass. The show was one of the spin-offs from "All That". It aired on the Nickelodeon from 15 July, 1996 to 15 July, 2000 for four seasons and 65 episodes. It was show in Chicago and starring Kenan Thompson, Kel Mitchell, Ken Foree, Vanessa Baden, Teal Marchande and Dan Frischman.

Midhurst Rother College

<templatestyles src="Module:Infobox/styles.css"></templatestyles>

Midhurst Rother College is a secondary school for students aged 11 to 18 in Midhurst. It was opened in 2009.

The current principal is Mr Stuart Edwards.

Sunil Gavaskar

Sunil Manohar Gavaskar is an Indian cricket commentator and former cricketer.

Thomas Picton

Sir Thomas Picton was a British military officer who lived from 1758 to 1815. He was born in Wales and served in various military campaigns throughout his career. Picton is best known for his role in the Napoleonic Wars, particularly his involvement in the Peninsular War in Spain and Portugal.

Waimate

Waimate is a town in the South Island, New Zealand. It is situtated 46 kilometers south of Timaru and 46 kilometers north of Oamaru and State Highway 82 runs through the town centre. It has four primary schools and one high school located in town and in 1966 lost its railway connection. It is situated 20 kilometers north of the Waitaki River. It is the home of New Zealand prime minister Norman Kirk and singer-songwriter Kaylee Bell.

Harbhajan Singh

Harbhajan Singh (born 3 July 1980) is a former Indian cricketer who is considered one of the greatest spin bowlers in the history of Indian cricket. He is a right-handed batsman.

Tonopen

The Tono-Pen is a handheld device that's shaped like a large marker. A doctor can touch this device to your eye to measure the pressure. Pressure in the eyes greater than 22 [mm Hg] is considered higher than normal and can indicate ocular hypertension. While ocular hypertension is not an eye disease in itself, it is an indication that you could develop glaucoma.

The Dandy

The Dandy was a Scottish children's comic magazine published by the Dundee based publisher DC Thomson. The first issue was printed in December 1937, making it the world's third-longest running comic, after "Il Giornalino" (cover dated 1 October 1924) and "Detective Comics" (cover dated March 1937). From August 2007 until October 2010, it was rebranded as "Dandy Xtreme".

One of the best selling comics in the UK, along with "The Beano", "The Dandy" reached sales of two million a week in the 1950s. The final printed edition was issued on 4 December 2012, the comic's 75th anniversary, after sales slumped to 8,000 a week. On the same day, "The Dandy" relaunched as an online comic, The Digital Dandy, appearing on the Dandy website and in the Dandy App. The digital relaunch was not successful and the comic ended just six months later. The Dandy title continues as a yearly Summer Special and the unbroken run of Dandy Annuals, up to and including the 2023 annual.

P5 (comics)

P5 (also known as Class Act) was a short-lived comic strip in the UK comic The Dandy, Which had run between 1998 and 2002. It was drawn by Dennis the Menace artist Jimmy Hansen. It first appeared in issue #2965 (dated September 19, 1998).

The series focussed on a class of prepubescent children in a school – Class P5, similar to The Bash Street Kids of The Beano. Each strip would sometimes focus on an individual in the group, and how they deal with situations that came up in school.

As the series went on, the character of Kim was joined to Class P5 from issue #3034 dated January 15, 2000, and the character of Dotty was moved from preschool class into P5. The strips also moved away from individual stories and focussed more on the group as a whole.

In Issue #3000, the kids had grown up to become adults with a school reunion theme, with Miss Truncheon now working in a job centre, until the last frame of the story when she immediately resigned, saying she wanted to stay away from "that lot", who had all since taken jobs at the same job centre. They appeared in a one-off in July 2002.

P5 returned as a reprint on 4 November 2006 under the new title of Class Act. The reprints are mainly from 1998 and 1999 for DC Thomson's policy of comic strips being at least 7 years old before they are reprinted. These reprints ended when The Dandy relaunched in August 2007.


Ladislaus Kurpiel

Ladislaus Kurpiel (13 November 1883 – 24 June 1930) was an Austrian footballer. He played as midfielder for DFC Prag in the first German football championship in 1903. He had a brief time at Vienna Cricket and Football Club. He also played 8 matches for the Austrian national football team between 1908 and 1912. He also played at the 1912 Summer Olympics.
Kurpiel began in 1896 at the age of thirteen with club football at DFC Germania Prague. Soon he went to the newly formed city rivals DFC Prague. He was known and feared for his powerful long-range shots. His greatest success at club level was in 1903. DFC Prague reached the the final of the German championship. They lost 7-2 against VfB Leipzig. Only in the 1903/04 season he played for Vienna Cricket and Football-Club, with which he reached the final of the Challenge Cup.
Kurpiel made his debut in the Austrian national team on 7 June 1906 in a 3-2 win over Germany in Vienna. 1912 he played in all three matches in the 1912 Summer Olympics in Stockholm. On 3 July 1912 he played his last match in the team versus Italy.

Cornel Țăranu

Cornel Țăranu (20 June 1934 – 18 June 2023) was a Romanian composer, musicologist, conductor and cultural manager. After studies in Cluj and Paris, he began a long career as a teacher at the Cluj Conservatoire, founded a chamber orchestra dedicated to contemporary music, directed a festival, and was head of the Union of Romnian Composers for more than two decades. His compositions focus on orchestral compositions; he wrote two operas, film scores, chamber music, and vocal music for soloists and choirs. He also completed unfinished scores by George Enescu. He died on 18 June 2023, two days before his 89th birthday.
Tattoo (Loreen song)

"Tattoo" is a song by Swedish singer Loreen, released on 25 February 2023. After winning Melodifestivalen with the song, Loreen went on to represent Sweden in the Eurovision Song Contest 2023, and won the competition for a second time.

"Tattoo" has broken several records, including being the first Eurovision song in over 27 years to stay in the top five of the UK Singles Chart for two weeks. It has also become the fourth most streamed Eurovision song on Spotify.

Jadam

Jadam is a clan of Yaduvanshi Ahirs found in indian state Punjab and Haryana. The name got changed from Jadav/Yadav to Jadam.

Jadams are said to be the great ancestors of the Samma tribe in Sindh. Bhati Rajputs and Jadaun Rajputs are together called descendants of the "Jadamas". Some of the Jadams later on became Jats.

Luigi Tagliaferri

Luigi Eugenio Tagliaferri di Pagnona (Pagnona, November 14, 1841 - Mandello del Lario, September 30, 1927) was a Italian sculptor, painter, draftsman.

He stayed for a long time in Lierna, where he created many of his works.

Luigi Tagliaferri, known as Luigi di Pagnona, was born in Pagnona in Valsassina, but grew up in Mandello, descendant of a family of artists specialized in frescoes.
The first artist of the Tagliaferri dynasty was Giambattista Tagliaferri, author of a leather frontal for the church of Pagnona (1752), according to a then widespread taste. Luigi Tagliaferri is the son of Giovanni Maria Tagliaferri (1809-1879) who was for a long time in Venice as an engraver in the art of iron and then in Milan where, as an engraver, he invented a particular decoration technique on marble, of which some essays remain Margno and in Vendrogno. Giovanni Maria Tagliaferri in Milan also became a painter and created the paintings for the chapel of San Rocco in Premana, with a cycle on the plague (the frescoes in the parish church of San Dionigi have however been lost) and he painted the frescoes on the facades of churches such as San Martino of Indovero (1841), the church of Vimogno (1853) or the church of Barcone (1870). His works can be found both in the villages of the valley (Premana, Taceno, Casargo, Indovero and Pasturo) and beyond the lake and in Lecco. The painter was also a teacher in Pagnona and taught the art to his son Luigi Tagliaferri, who moved to Lecco and finally to Mandello.
Luigi Tagliaferri's works are numerous and he worked in Valsassina, in Lecco, in the villages of the lake and also beyond the lake and also in the Milan area. Luigi works with other artists of the family such as the brothers Achille and Basilio and his nephew Giovanni. The activity of the group continued until the 1940s, so that the Tagliaferris are to be considered among the most interesting sacred artists of Lake Como.

Among the best known works by Luigi Tagliaferri is the Via Crucis of Lierna on Lake Como.Tagliaferri frescoed many sacred buildings with paintings both on Lake Como and in Valtellina.Tagliaferri is buried in the family chapel of Mandello del Lario on Lake Como.

In his paintings he affirms a profound theological knowledge, his decisive brushstrokes have classical and baroque reminiscences, but used with sobriety, taste, sense of balance and proportion.



What Am I Living For

"What Am I Living For" is a 1958 song by Chuck Willis and went to number 9 in the United States and number 1 on the R&B charts. It has been covered by numerous artists since its release.

Farhana Nariswari

Farhana Nariswari Wisandana (Sundanese script: ᮖᮁᮠᮔ ᮔᮛᮤᮞ᮪ᮝᮛᮤ ᮝᮤᮞᮔ᮪ᮓᮔ; born 28 May 1996) is an Indonesian model, doctor, advocate, and beauty pageant titleholder who was crowned Puteri Indonesia 2023. She will represent Indonesia at the Miss International 2023 pageant which will be held in Tokyo, Japan. 

Agricultural Region

The Agricultural Region was an electoral region of the Western Australian Legislative Council, the upper house of the Western Australian Parliament. It was located in the rural southwestern part of Western Australia.

Electoral regions will be abolished at the 2025 state election.

Mining and Pastoral Region

Mining and Pastoral is an electoral region of the Western Australian Legislative Council, the upper house of the Western Australian Parliament. It is by far the largest electoral region, covering 87.27% of Western Australia's land area. The main industries in this region are mining and farming.

Electoral regions will be abolished at the 2025 state election.

South West Region (Western Australia)

The South West Region was an electoral region of the Western Australian Legislative Council, the upper house of the Western Australian Parliament. It covered the Peel Region of Western Australia, which includes the cities of Albany, Bunbury, Busselton and Mandurah.

Electoral regions will be abolished at the 2025 state election.

East Metropolitan Region

The Eastern Metropolitan Region was an electoral region of the Western Australian Legislative Council, the upper house of the Western Australian Parliament. It was in east Perth.

Electoral regions will be abolished at the 2025 state election.

North Metropolitan Region

The North Metropolitan Region was an electoral region of the Western Australian Legislative Council, the upper house of the Western Australian Parliament. It was in north Perth.

Electoral regions will be abolished at the 2025 state election.

South Metropolitan Region

The South Metropolitan Region was an electoral region of the Western Australian Legislative Council, the upper house of the Western Australian Parliament. It was in south Perth.

Electoral regions will be abolished at the 2025 state election.

Heaven (Warrant song)

"Heaven" is a 1989 song by American glam metal band Warrant. It is the second single from their debut studio album "Dirty Rotten Filthy Stinking Rich". It went to number 2 in the United States, number 5 in Canada, number 4 in Norway, number 54 in Australia and number 93 in the United Kingdom.

Rohanixalus nauli

The Nauli bubble-nest frog ("Rohanixalus nauli") is a frog. Scientists have seen it in exactly one place: Teluk Nauli in Indonesia.

Daniel dos Santos

Daniel dos Santos is a modern pentathlete from Brazil. Daniel competed in the men's individual event at the 2004 Summer Olympics. He was born on October 31, 1978 in Porto Alegre.

Masaru Sakano

Masaru Sakano is a modern pentathlete from Japan. Masaru competed at the 1972 Summer Olympics. He was born on March 20, 1942.

Hiroshi Saito (pentathlete)

Hiroshi Saito is a former modern pentathlete from Japan. Hiroshi competed at the 1988 Summer Olympics. He was born on September 4, 1961.

Peter Ridgway

Peter Ridgway is a modern pentathlete from Australia. Peter competed at the 1976 Summer Olympics. He was born on April 23, 1949.

Augusto Premoli

Augusto Premoli or Luis Máximo Premoli was a modern pentathlete from Argentina. Augusto competed at the 1948 Summer Olympics. He was born on November 29, 1925 and died on November 16, 2018.

Hiroaki Izumikawa

Hiroaki Izumikawa is a modern pentathlete from Japan. Hiroaki competed at the 1988 Summer Olympics. He was born on December 20, 1957.

Alexander Johnson

Alexander Johnson is a former modern pentathlete from Australia. Alexander competed in the men's individual event at the 1996 Summer Olympics. He was born on April 10, 1969.

Clearcutting

Clear cutting refers to a method of logging or cutting down trees where an entire area of forest is completely cleared. It involves removing all the trees in a given area, leaving no trees standing. This method is often used in commercial logging operations to extract timber quickly and efficiently.

Southwest (disambiguation)

Southwest is a compass point.

Southwest, south-west, south west, southwestern or south-western or south western may also refer to:




Rescue buoy (Luftwaffe)

The Luftwaffe rescue buoy was known as "Rettungsboje". It was designed to save air force men from drowning if they came down in the English Channel.

Alexander Neufeld-Nemes

Alexander Neufeld- Nemes (25 September 1899 – 27 October 1977) ( also known as Sandor Nemes) was a Hungarian football player and manager. He played in Hungary, Austria, Switzerland, United States and Yugoslavia. He played for the the national teams of Hungary and Austria.

He was born in Budapest to a Jewish family. Neufeld started playing football for a local club named ILK. 1916 he joined Ferencvárosi TC Due to his skills he got promoted to the senior squad. At first he played as striker but s changed his position to right-winger. In both 1918 and 1919 they finished second in the Hungarian Championship behind the then dominating MTK Budapest. With Ferencváros he played a total of 57 league matches having scored 18 goals

Due to the the political situation after the First World War many Hungarian players left the country. Neufeld signed with second league Austrian club SC Hakoah Vienna.

He played his first match with Hakoah in November 1919 and became soon one of the most important players in their aspiration to get promotion to the first league. The Hungarian Football Federation had a confrontation with Austrian clubs over the players that begin playing for Austrian clubs without being officially released from their origin clubs in Hungary. Until the end of 1919 these players, among the Neufeld, were not allowed to play. This situation lasted until March 1920 when all players were allowed to play again. In his first season with Hakoah he reached the semi-finals of theAustrian Cup.

1920 Nemes went back to Ferencváros as they played in Switzerland. He decided to stay in Switzerland and went to FC Basel, Nemes played only one month with the team in two test games. He received an invitation from the German businessman Otto Eidinger to participate in a newly formed "Hungarian professional team". He planed to play exhibition matches all over Europe. Neufeld accepted the invitation along with a number of other notable players . After only a few weeks it was stopped with players complaining about not being paid. Most of the players returned to Austria and Hungary. They were sanctioned by the federations.Nemes received a suspension to last until April 1921. He moved to Czechoslovakia and signed with Maccabi Brno. Soon afterwards an agreement was reached about an amnesty for players that would accept to return. Nemes returned to Hakoah in summer 1921 and became part of Hakoah team that this time played in the Austrian Bundesliga.

In his first complete season in 1921–22 Hakoah finished second in the league. In the next season Hakoah finished in mid table. Neufeld scored 16 goals and finishing in third place as league top scorer. In 1924 Hakoah won the first professional Austrian championship.

By then, Nemes had already played four times with the city selection of Vienna, and Austria national team manager Hugo Meisl convoked him for the match on 5 July 1925, in Stockholm against Sweden, where he made his debut for the Austria national football team in the 4–2 win. He will play his second match for Austria on 8 November, that same year, in a 0–2 loss against Switzerland in Bern. He played both matches under the name of Alexander Neufeld.

In spring 1926 Hakoah made a successful tournée in the United States. Nemes returned to Austria and finished that season. He informed the club that at the end of the season he will leave Hakoah and move to the United States by accepting the offer of Brooklyn Wanderers. After one season in America, Nemes returned to Hakoah. Nemes returned to the States in 1929 and played with Hakoah All-Stars until 1930. In fall of 1930 he played with Fall River F.C. helping them to win the 1930 American Soccer League.

He finished his player career with BSK Belgrade in the Yugoslav Championship and Alexandria in Egypt.
On 12 May 1918 he made his debut for the Hungarian national team playing in attack along Alfred Schaffer and Imre Schlosser in the 2–1 win over Switzerland in Budapest. A few weeks later, on 2 June, in Vienna, he played again this time winning Austria by 2–0. On 5 October 1919, he played his third match for the Hungarian national team, again in Vienna against Austria, however this time they were defeated by 0–2.

He played his first match for the Austrian national football team on 5 July 1925, in Stockholm against Sweden in the 4–2 win. His second and last match for Austria was on 8 November in a 0–2 loss against Switzerland in Bern. 
In 1930 Nemes moved to the Kingdom of Yugoslavia He became coach of one of the strongest clubs in the country BSK Belgrade and soon he makes his first major coaching success by winning the 1930–31 Yugoslav Championship. Then he returned to Austria in 1931 and worked one season as coach with a Second league Jewish club named Hasmonea. After that he returned to BSK.

1935 he went to Hapoel Hatzair in Palestina. 1936 he returned to Belgrade where he will win another championship in 1939. Afterwards he had a brief spell coaching Turkish Galatasaray Then he went back to Israel in 1950 to coach Hapoel Tel Aviv.

His real name is Sándor Nemes. For unknown reasons he begin to be known by the mid-1920s as Alexander Neufeld.

As player:



As coach:

Ave Crux Alba

Ave Crux Alba ("Hail Thou White Cross") is national anthem of Sovereign Military Order of Malta. The music was composed by Alfredo Consorti in 1930, anthem was adopted in 1932.

Michael J. Blankenship

Michael J. Blankenship is an American attorney at a Chicago-based law firm, Winston & Strawn.

Michael received his Bachelor of Arts degree from the University of Rochester in 2003 and MBA from Syracuse University in 2005. Later in 2008, he received his Juris Doctor from Rutgers University.

Michael is the managing partner at the Houston office of the law firm, Winston & Strawn. His areas of practice include corporate finance, private equity and securities law. 

He has previously worked at Paul Hastings and Vinson & Elkins. Michael has also served as the partner of a Texas-based law firm, Locke Lord.


African locust bean

The African locust bean ("Parkia biglobosa") is a type of tree that grows in Africa. It is also known as the African mesquite, néré, or dawadawa tree. People in many African countries use the seeds and fruits of this tree in their cooking. 

The African locust bean tree is a medium-sized tree that can grow up to 20 meters (65 feet) tall. It has a dense crown of leaves and produces long, brown pods that contain seeds. The seeds are surrounded by a sweet pulp.


The African locust bean tree is important to many communities in Africa. It provides a source of food, traditional medicine, and additional income. People sell the seeds, powder, and other products made from the tree in local markets.

Conserving the African locust bean tree is important to ensure its availability for future generations. Deforestation and unsustainable harvesting practices threaten the tree's survival. Efforts are being made to promote sustainable cultivation, protect the tree's natural habitats, and raise awareness on how to combat desertification, halt and reverse land degradation and halt biodiversity loss. Another possible reason for the need for conservation is the wildfires found in the regions from 2001-2006

National Police of Ecuador

The National Police of Ecuador () is the national police force and it is the main civil law enforcement agency of Ecuador. They report to the Ministry of the Interior. Members of the police force have been accused of human rights abuses. Members of the National Police have been accused of murder, attempted murder, rape, extortion, kidnappings, and alien smuggling.

Citizen Revolution Movement

The Citizen Revolution Movement () is a democratic socialist political party in Ecuador. Supporters of former President Rafael Correa started the party. They left Correa's PAIS Alliance party when Lenín Moreno became president. The party has had problems registering for elections. The party is left-wing.

Chone Canton

Chone Canton is a canton of Ecuador. It is in the Manabí Province. Its capital is the town of Chone. 117,634 people lived here in 2001.

Věra Kohnová

Věra Kohnová (1929–1942) was a Jewish girl from Czechoslovakia. She wrote a diary about her feelings and about events during the Nazi occupation. Her diary was published in 2006 and in 2023.

Kohnová was born in Plzeň in 1929, into the family of Otakar Kohn, an accountant in the Teller company. At the age of twelve she began keeping a diary. She wrote in it for five months, during which time the situation of her family and other Jews in Plzeň gradually worsened. She didn't describe the fate of the Jews at the time but wrote mainly about her personal feelings. The last entry in her diary is, "We are here just tomorrow and after tomorrow, who knows what will be then. Bye-bye, my diary!".

On 22 January 1942, the family was put on transport "S" to Theresienstadt. The last record of Vêra Kohnová comes from 11 March, when she left Theresienstadt on a transport for another Nazi camp in Izbica—a transfer station to the extermination camps. Although she and her family did not survive, her diary was hidden by Marie Kalivodová and Miroslav Matouš for 65 years. 

In 2006, the diary was published as a book in Czech, English and German (Czech title: "Deník - Věra Kohnová", English title: "The Diary of Vera Kohnova", German title: "Das Tagebuch der Vera Kohnova"), ISBN 80-86057-40-2. In 2023, the diary was published again, completed with newly discovered facts (Czech title: Deník Věrky Kohnové", ).

Věra Kohnová Wikipedia (Text) CC BY-SA

United States House Committee on Oversight and Accountability

The Committee on Oversight and Accountability is the main committee of the United States House of Representatives which focuses on investigating members. It is one of the most influential and powerful panels in the House. Its chair is one of only three in the House with the authority to issue subpoenas without a committee vote.

United States House Oversight Subcommittee on Health Care and Financial Services

The Subcommittee on Health Care and Financial Services is a subcommittee of the United States House Committee on Oversight and Accountability. It was created again for the 118th Congress by chairman James Comer after Republicans won control of the House of Representatives.

United States House Oversight Subcommittee on National Security, the Border and Foreign Affairs

The Subcommittee on National Security, the Border and Foreign Affairs is a subcommittee of the United States House Committee on Oversight and Accountability. They focus on national security, homeland security, and foreign policy. It was created again and expanded during the 112th Congress by full committee chairman Darrell Issa. During Democratic control from 2019 to 2023, it was known as the Subcommittee on National Security.

United States House Committee on Natural Resources

The U.S. House Committee on Natural Resources or Natural Resources Committee (often referred to as simply Resources) is a Congressional committee of the United States House of Representatives. It was called the Committee on Interior and Insular Affairs (1951), but the name was changed to the Committee on Natural Resources in 1991. 

They are in charge of anything relating to the wildlife, environment life, national parks, Native Americans and public lands in the country.

The name was shortened to the Committee on Resources in 1995 by the new chairman, Don Young.

Resolutions electing members: (Chair), (Ranking Member), (D), (R), (D)

Women's Equality Party

The Women's Equality Party (WEP) is a feminist political party set up in the United Kingdom in 2015. Catherine Mayer and Sandi Toksvig started the party at the Women of the World Festival. Sophie Walker was the leader in 2015. She announced the party's policies at Conway Hall on 20 October 2015. In January 2020, Mandu Reid took over as party leader.

2023 United States debt-ceiling crisis

On January 19, 2023, the United States hit its debt ceiling. This led to a crisis, as part of an debate within Congress about how the government should spend money and how it should deal with the national debt. Because of this, Janet Yellen, the Secretary of the Treasury, started using "extraordinary measures" until the crisis was over. On May 1, 2023, Yellen gave a warning that these measures could stop working by June 1, 2023. This date was later changed to June 5.

The debt ceiling had been increased a few times until December 2021, each time without any requirements, after there was a debt-ceiling crisis in 2013. After the 2023 crisis started, members of the Republican Party thought that the debt ceiling should only be increased with a requirement that the government only spends as much money as it did in 2022. Members of the Democratic Party wanted to pass a "clean bill" to increase the debt ceiling without any requirements, which had happened 3 times while Donald Trump was President.

If the government had run out of money, the Treasury would have had to either default on its debt or decrease payment of money owed to companies and people that had been mandated but not given enough money by Congress. Many people thought that either situation would make the economy crash. If the government had not been able to give new debt, it would have had to decrease the amount of money it could have spent by an amount equal to about 5% of the size of the American economy. , a constitutional scholar, said that defaulting would be unconstitutional because of the 14th Amendment and the government would have to pay its debt back even after hitting the debt ceiling. President Joe Biden said that he was thinking about using the 14th amendment because he thought he had the authority to, but did not know whether it could be used in time to stop the default, since it might be appealed.

On May 27, Biden and Kevin McCarthy, the Speaker of the House at the time, made a deal to increase the debt ceiling but limit government spending. The deal became a bill, the Fiscal Responsibility Act of 2023, which passed the House on May 31 and the Senate on June 1. Biden signed it into law on June 3, ending the crisis.

The Fiscal Responsibility Act of 2023 is an act of the 118th United States Congress that stopped the debt ceiling until January 2025. It ended the crisis. This law was supported by leaders of both the Republican Party and the Democratic Party.

Patrick McHenry introduced it on May 29, 2023 based on an agreement between Biden and McCarthy. The House approved it on May 31, and the Senate on June 1. Biden signed it into law on June 3.

New Zealand Order of Merit

The New Zealand Order of Merit is an order of merit in the New Zealand royal honours system. It was created by royal warrant on 30 May 1996 by Elizabeth II, Queen of New Zealand. It is meant to honor "those persons who in any field of endeavour, have rendered meritorious service to the Crown and nation or who have become distinguished by their eminence, talents, contributions or other merits". 

The monarch of New Zealand is the Sovereign of the order and the Governor-General is its Chancellor. Appointments are made at five levels: 

Earthshot Prize

The Earthshot Prize is awarded to five winners each year for their works to environmentalism. It was first awarded in 2021 and is planned to be awarded annually until 2030. Each winner is given a grant of £1 million to continue their environmental work. The five categories were inspired by the UN Sustainable Development Goals.

The Earthshot Prize was created in 2020 by Prince William and David Attenborough. The winners are selected by the Earthshot Prize Council, which includes Prince William and Attenborough.

Screen Violence

Screen Violence is Chvrches's fourth studio album. The album contains singles like "He Said She Said", "California", "Violent Delights" and "Lullabies".

Edmond Mulet

Edmond Auguste Mulet Lesieur (born 13 March 1951) is a Guatemalan politician and lawyer. He was the last Chief of Staff to former United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon. He was Guatemala's ambassador to the European Union, the Kingdom of Belgium and the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg. From 1992 to 1993, he was the President of the Congress of Guatemala.

He ran for president in 2019, however he only won 11% of the vote. He ran for President of Guatemala in the 2023 election.

Kagangal (movie)

Kagangal is an Indian Tamil-language mystery-drama-musical film written, directed, and produced by Anand Annamalai under Mayavaram Pictures. The movie features , , , Kishore, and Guru Somasundaram.


Kenny the Shark


The series aired on Discovery Kids and premiered in the United States on November 1, 2003 (along with "Tutenstein"). The final episode aired on February 19, 2005. After the series ended, reruns continued to air on Discovery Family until August 28, 2022.

The series first broadcast internationally on CITV from April 2004 in the UK and later on DMAX.

The series was released on DVD in the United States by Genius Products and Discovery Home Entertainment with 2 volumes in 2007, and a third volume in 2008.

Three DVD volumes from Magna Pacific in Australia entitled "First Bite" (with 10 short episodes), "Second Bite" (with 8 short episodes) and "Third Bite" (with 8 short episodes) were released in 2005.

The first 10 episodes became available for purchase in the United States on the iTunes Store in 2009.

2023 Titan submersible incident

On 18 June 2023, "Titan", a submersible operated by American tourism company OceanGate, Inc., went missing in international waters in the North Atlantic Ocean off the coast of Newfoundland, Canada. The submersible had five people on board. It was on a tourist expedition to view the wreck of RMS "Titanic". Communication was lost 1 hour and 45 minutes into its dive to the wreck site. The police were told when it did not come back at the right time later that day. Five people were killed when the submersible imploded underwater near the Titanic’s wreckage.

On 22 June, after nearly 80 hours of searching, a remotely operated underwater vehicle (ROV) discovered a debris field with parts of the "Titan" around 488 m (1,600 ft) from the bow of the "Titanic". The pressure vessel probably broke during or after the implosion, killing all on board instantly. 

Worries about the safety of the vessel had been talked about before. Search and rescue efforts were carried out by a worldwide team led by the United States Coast Guard, United States Navy, and Canadian Coast Guard. Aircraft from the Royal Canadian Air Force and United States Air National Guard, a Royal Canadian Navy ship. Several commercial and research ships and ROVs also helped with the search.

Delmarva Shorebirds

The Delmarva Shorebirds are a Minor League Baseball team. They are based in Salisbury, Maryland. They are connected to the Baltimore Orioles. When they play baseball in Salisbury, they play at Arthur W. Perdue Stadium.

Horizon Arctic

The MV Horizon Arctic is a ship built in 2016. It weighs a little over 8000 tons.

The ship was called the "Bourbon Arctic" at first. It entered the water oin March 2016. In 2019 it was sold by the French firm "Bourbon" for about $41m.

The ship’s owners, "Horizon Marine", say the ship is strong and powerful. It can carry up to 60 people. It can carry and operate an ROV (Remotely Operated Vehicle), an unmanned machine that can go under the water to explore far under the sea.

In June 2023 it was involved the attempt to find a small under water vehicle, the "Titan". Five people had gone in it deep underwater to see the wreck of the "Titanic". "Horizon Arctic" sent a robot down into the water and it found the "Titan" in pieces on the sea-bed.

Hold Up (song)

"Hold Up" is a 2016 song by Beyoncé and is the third single from her sixth studio album "Lemonade". It went to number 2 in Iceland, number 13 in the United States, number 11 in the United Kingdom, number 37 in Canada and Spain and number 52 in Ireland. It was nominated for a Grammy Award in 2017. It went to the digital charts in New Zealand, Denmark, the Netherlands, Greece and Norway.

Rohanixalus baladika

The Sumatran bubble-nest frog ("Rohanixalus baladika") is a frog. It lives in Indonesia.

Colin Hamilton

Colin Hamilton is a retired modern pentathlete from Australia. Colin competed in the 1992 Summer Olympics. He was born on January 22, 1966.

George Nicoll

George Nicoll is a former modern pentathlete from Australia. George competed at the 1956 Summer Olympics. He was born on August 22, 1933.

Nilo Floody

Nilo Floody Buxton was a modern pentathlete from Chile. Nilo competed at the 1948, 1952 and 1956 Summer Olympics. He was born on July 16, 1921 and died on July 2, 2013.

Hernán Fuentes

Hernán Fuentes was a modern pentathlete from Chile. Hernán competed at the 1948 and 1952 Summer Olympics. He was born on March 26, 1918 and died on January 7, 1999.

Julio Fuentes

Julio Fuentes is a former modern pentathlete from Chile. Julio competed at the 1988 Summer Olympics. He was born on December 31, 1960.

Toshio Fukui (pentathlete)

Toshio Fukui is a modern pentathlete from Japan. Toshio competed at the 1968 Summer Olympics. He was born on January 2, 1943.

Gerald Haider

Gerald Haider (born 1 July 1955) was an Austrian footballer. He played for SV Austria Salzburg and VOEST Linz as striker. He played in one match for the Austria national football team.
He started playing football for Hertha Wels. His professional career started in 1974 as a striker for Austria Salzburg. For the 1978/1979 season Haider moved to VÖEST Linz. He stayed there until the end of his career in 1988.
Haider played one match for the Austrian national football team on 12 June 1976. It was a 0-2 away loss versus Hungary.

New Orleans Police Department

The New Orleans Police Department (NOPD) is the largest police force in the U.S. state of Louisiana.

Nnamdi Azikiwe

Nnamdi Azikiwe (16 November 1904 - 11 May 1996), also known as Nnamdi Benjamin Azikiwe, was a Nigerian politician who was the first President of Nigeria during the First Nigerian Republic that existed from 1963 to 1966. He was considered a driving force behind the nation's independence and was known as the "father of Nigerian nationalism".

Philippe Léotard

Philippe Léotard (his full name was Ange Philippe Paul André Léotard-Tomasi; 28 August 1940 – 25 August 2001) was a French actor, poet and singer. He died in Paris of leukemia on 25 August 2001, three days before his 61st birthday.
Wishin' and Hopin'

"Wishin' and Hopin'" is a 1963 song written by Hal David and Burt Bacharach. It was first recorded by Dionne Warwick for her debut studio album "Presenting Dionne Warwick". It went to number 79 in France. The better known version is by Dusty Springfield and is the fourth single from her debut studio album "A Girl Called Dusty" and "Stay Awhile/I Only Want to Be with You". It went to number 2 in Australia and Canada, number 3 in New Zealand, number 6 in the United Kingdom and number 8 in South Africa. It was not released as a single in the United Kingdom.

Jeremie Berrebi

Jeremie Berrebi is a French-Israeli entrepreneur and businessman, born on 4 June 1978. He started his career as an editor for ZDNet French, a technology news agency. In 1997, he co-founded Net2one, one of the first French internet news providers, which was later sold in 2004. In March 2010, he co-founded Kima Ventures, a fund that invests in numerous startups worldwide. Jeremie is also a co-founder and Advisory Board Member of Developers. Institute, an Israeli-based coding bootcamp. He has made over 360 investments in the fields of investment, private equity, and technology. In 2014, he won the Europas Prize for Best European Angel Investor.

Mooky Greidinger

Moshe "Mooky" Joseph Greidinger is an Israeli businessman and the CEO of Cineworld, a major cinema chain. Along with his brother, he owns 29% of the company. Mooky comes from a family with a long history in the cinema business, dating back to the 1930s. He joined his father's cinema business in 1976 and later expanded it globally. However, the COVID-19 pandemic caused significant challenges for Cineworld, leading to financial difficulties and the company filing for bankruptcy protection in 2022.

Shlomo Kalish

Shlomo Kalish is an Israeli businessman known for his role as the Founder and Managing Partner at Jerusalem Global Ventures and as a Managing Partner of Corundum Open Innovation Ltd. He was born in Haifa in 1952 to Holocaust survivors. Kalish served as a fighter pilot during the Yom Kippur War. He holds a B.Sc. in Mathematics from Tel Aviv University and completed an M.Sc. and a PhD at MIT's Sloan School. In 1999, Kalish founded Jerusalem Global Ventures, a venture capital firm based in Jerusalem. He is also involved in community activism and serves as a board member at the charity Shalom Beineinu, which he founded.

Dahlia Greidinger

Dahlia Greidinger (July 27, 1926 – July 16, 1979) was an Israeli scientist who played a key role in developing the country's chemical industry. She was born in Neve Tzedek, Tel Aviv, and received her education in Switzerland, earning an M.Sc. in chemistry. Dahlia worked as an editor for the Israel Scientific Council Magazine and later became a teaching and research assistant at the Technion. She joined Deshanim Fertilizers & Chemicals Ltd. and rose to the position of director of Research and Development, contributing to its growth as Israel's largest fertilizer supplier. Dahlia's scientific work, including patents on fertilizer compositions, left a lasting legacy in the field. She died in 1979 after a decade-long battle with cancer, leaving behind a family that continues to carry on her legacy in the cinema industry.

Manish Pandey

Manish Pandey (born September 10, 1989) is an Indian cricketer who is known for his aggressive batting and brilliant fielding skills. He is a right-handed batsman and occasionally bowls right-arm off-break. Pandey has represented the Indian national cricket team in One Day Internationals (ODIs) and Twenty20 Internationals (T20Is).

European Hot 100 Singles

The European Hot 100 Singles, sometimes called the Eurochart Hot 100, is a Billboard chart that made a list of the songs people liked the most in Europe every week. It was first made in March 1984 and stopped being made in December 2010. It stopped being made because Billboard UK shut down and got rid of all of its employees.

La Zarra

Fatima-Zahra Hafdi (born 25 August 1987), known by her stage name La Zarra, is a Canadian-Moroccan singer who lives in France. In 2021, she became popular with the single "Tu t'en iras", which was was certified platinum by the SNEP. 

La Zarra represented France in the 2023 Eurovision Contest with the song "Évidemment". She finished in 16th place out of 26 finalists. She responded to her result with a middle finger to the camera on live TV, which was controversial.


Alika Milova

Alika Milova (born 5 September 2002), known mononymously as Alika, is an Estonian singer. She has participated in numerous singing TV shows, such as "The Baltic Voice" and "Estonian Idol", which she won. 

In 2023, she won Estonia's national selection for the Eurovision Song Contest. This gave her the right to represent Estonia in the Eurovision Song Contest 2023 with the song "Bridges". She finished in 8th place out of 26 finalists.

Dutch Single Top 100

The Dutch Single Top 100, also called the Single Top 100, is a music chart from the Netherlands that lists singles that people like. It is one of three official Dutch charts. The others are the Dutch Top 40 and the Mega Top 30. The Single Top 100 is often talked about on Dutch TV shows.

Ishan Kishan

Ishan Pranav Kumar Pandey Kishan (born 18 July 1998) is an Indian cricketer who represents the Indian national cricket team. He is a left-handed batsman and wicket-keeper. Kishan made his international debut in 2021 and has since become a prominent player in limited-overs cricket.

Majhiziya Bhanu

Majiziya Bhanu is an Indian body builder and power lifter from Kerala. She is a World Championships medalist.

Sachin Chaudhary

Sachin Chaudhary (born 30 September 1983) is an Indian powerlifter. Chaudhary represented India at the 2012 Summer Paralympics in London, United Kingdom, and finished 9th in the men's -82.50 kg event. He took the silver medal at the 2017 Powerlifting World Cup in Dubai with a career-best lift of 200 kg. He competed at the Para powerlifting at the 2018 Commonwealth Games where he won a bronze medal in the Para powerlifting at the 2018 Commonwealth Games – Men's heavyweight event.

Mukesh Gehlot

Mukesh Singh Gahlot (born 1 May 1978) is an Indian bodybuilder and powerlifter.
He holds the national record of winning Mr. India bodybuilding title 4 times.

Corciano

Corciano is a "comune" in the Province of Perugia in the Umbria region in Italy. It is about 8 km west of Perugia.

Conversano

Conversano is an Italian city in Apulia. About 25,000 people live there.

Bitritto

Bitritto is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Bari in the Apulia region in southern Italy.

Balestrino

Balestrino is a "comune" in the Province of Savona in the Liguria region in Italy. 

Kirovsk, Murmansk Oblast

Kirovsk () is a town in Murmansk Oblast, Russia. In 2010, 28,625 people lived there. It is also known as Khibinogorsk () until 1934.

Psycho (Post Malone song)

"Psycho" is a 2018 song by American rapper Post Malone featuring American singer Ty Dolla $ign and is the third single from his second studio album "Beerbongs & Bentleys". It topped the single charts in Australia, Belgium, Canada, Slovakia, Sweden and the United States. It went to the top 10 in Austria, the Czech Republic, Denmark, Finland, Germany, Greece, Ireland, Malaysia, the Netherlands, New Zealand, Norway, Portugal and the United Kingdom.

Beerbongs &amp; Bentleys

Beerbongs & Bentleys is the second studio album by American rapper Post Malone and was released on April 27, 2018 through Republic Records. It topped the album charts in Australia, Belgium, Canada, Denmark, Finland, Ireland, the Netherlands, New Zealand, Norway, Sweden, the United Kingdom and the United States. It was nominated for an Grammy Award in 2019.

Pablo the Little Red Fox

Pablo the Little Red Fox is an American children's cartoon animated series created by Hannah Giffard. It originally aired on Playhouse Disney in the United States for the first season in 1999. In the United Kingdom, the series got a British dub using an American voice actors using a British with a British accents on Nick Jr. and CBeebies in 2000. Only the first season was dubbed.


Just the Way You Are (Bruno Mars song)

"Just the Way You Are" is a 2010 song by American singer-songwriter Bruno Mars and is the lead single from his debut studio album "Doo-Wops & Hooligans". It topped the single charts in Australia, Austria, Canada, Ireland, Israel, the Netherlands, New Zealand, the United Kingdom and the United States. It went to the top 10 in Belgium, Denmark, Germany, Italy, Norway, Poland, Romania, Slovakia, Sweden and Switzerland.

Lewis MacLeod (actor)

Lewis MacLeod (born 4 July 1970) is a British voice actor. He voices Boris the Bear and Various in the US version by Lobster Films for The Character Development and The Sound Company Ltd. for the first and the second seasons in 1999 and 2000 of the American show 64 Zoo Lane.

Daniel Morales

Daniel Morales (born in September 11th, 1996), also known as 'Duniel', is a Venezuelan-American guitarist, business man, entrepreneur, composer & songwriter best known as the founder of the instrumental project Aurora Dream.

Additionally, Morales releases solo music under his personal name, where he takes the opportunity to further explore his creative ideas as he continues to take influence from progressive rock, metal, math rock, pop music, and experimental music.

Morales was born in Mérida, Venezuela. He pursued a degree in Audio Visual Technologies in Full Sail University (Winter Park, Florida) in November 2014 and graduated in November 2016.

Morales participated in several Audio-Visual internships for different companies and events such as Vans Warped Tour, House of Blues, WWE NXT, and ESPN Wide World of Sports.

During these internships, he took on various roles including Stagehand, Broadcast Engineering, Video Engineering, Video Technical Direction, Video Direction, Camera Operation, Shader, Lighting Assistance, Lighting Design, Simulcast Engineering, FOH Assistance and Video Utility.

Morales began playing guitar in 2010 when his mother gave him an Ibanez six-string electric guitar for his birthday. He taught himself guitar through YouTube videos and also took some classes with Venezuelan guitarist David González. 

In 2012, Morales began recording his first covers with GarageBand on his father's MacBook. He covered many of his favorite bands including Opeth, Dream Theater, Children of Bodom, Scale the Summit, The Fall of Troy, Bring Me The Horizon, Porcupine Tree, Rishloo, Iron Maiden, Gojira, and many others.

Starting March of 2020, Morales decided to record all of his unused material and release a series of 36 short songs on a weekly basis throughout the whole year; These tracks included original songs along with some covers of his favorite animes. Morales took this opportunity to feature fellow internet musicians and some other friends he had made over the years. 

In December 2020, Morales compiled all these 36 short songs into his first solo album release, titled "DUNNY TUNES." In 2023, Moises D’ Bello produced, remixed and remastered the album. 

In 2021, Morales decided to work on a remixed and remastered version of his track SHARKY and renamed it SHARKY 2.0. This time drums where live tracked by Chris Allison (Plini's drummer), mix was done by Simon Grove (Plini's bassist) and mastering was done by Moises D' Bello. The track was later released in 2023.

In 2016, Morales founded Aurora Dream during his final months of university. He started the project with the release of a single titled Parallel Colors. This single was produced, mixed and mastered by Alejandro Hernández. This single was later retitled Parallel Colors - 2016 Version.

Aurora Dream went through a hiatus phase shortly after Morales moved to Miami in early 2017 when he decided to pursue new business opportunities; around this time, Morales spent most of his time working corporate jobs and saving up to start his own businesses and consequently make a higher income that could help fund his music projects. 

Starting 2019, Morales reached to his friends Mangus Steed and Alejandro Hernández to help him record bass and program drums for 8 newer songs he had written.

Around June 2019, Morales attended Polyphia's Music Camp hosted by the Music Masters Collective. During the camp, he was invited to perform on stage by Tim Henson. During his performance he decided to play two songs from Aurora Dream.

Later in the same year, he rerecorded Parallel Colors with a much better production approach. He later combined all new 8 tracks along with the new version of Parallel Colors and turn them into the first Aurora Dream album he titled RUBIX. 

In early 2020, Morales asked well-known producer Randy Slaugh to work on RUBIX. Additionally, he asked keyboardist and synth player Eric Guenther from The Contortionist to co-produce the record. 

As Morales continued working on the album, he realized it was very important to continue learning from other talented musicians that could inspire his writing journey. Therefore, he decided to attend a music webinar hosted by guitarist Jesse Cash from Erra, followed by an exclusive lesson he scheduled with guitarist Thomas Erak from The Fall of Troy and finally a guitar lesson with Marcos Mena from Standards. Additionally, Morales received some artist coaching from guitarists Angel Vivaldi & Jason Richardson. 

Morales also reached out to guitarists Tim Henson, Nick Johnston, Javier Reyes from Animals as Leaders, Sithu Aye, Angel Vivaldi, Ichika Nito, Mark Holcomb from Periphery, Felix Martin and Josh Martin from Little Tybee to be featured on RUBIX, to which they all agreed and greatly contributed to the project. 

During the beginning of 2021, Morales decided to contact Simon Grove and asked him to mix RUBIX. He also asked Chris Allison to track real drums for the record. Shortly after he reached out to Moises D' Bello who helped with mastering for the album. 

While RUBIX mixing was taking place, Morales wrote a new song for Aurora Dream titled A New Infinite. He featured Simon Grove and Plini as double guest artists. This song was strongly inspired by the online culture at the time and the new hyperpop, drum&bass & glitchcore movements.

Around the same time, Morales decided to work on a remake version "Parallel Colors - 2016 Version". This time drums were performed and recorded by Chris Allison, mixing was handled by Simon Grove and mastering was done by Moises D' Bello.

In September 2022, Morales combined some guitar parts from "Parallel Colors - 2016 Version" with beats, trap-lofi production and other electronic elements that helped creating a new remix he titled Parallel Beats. This single came right after RUBIX and it features guitarists KEYAN, Jake Howsam Lowe from Plini, and Charles Caswell from Berried Alive.

Finally, right after "Parallel Beats" was released, Morales decided to work with a well known YoutTuber that makes 8-bit music named Kevin Weaver. This collaboration resulted in the creation of an 8-bit remix of "Parallel Colors - 2016 Version" that was titled Parallel 8its. Shortly after, this single led to the creation of 8-bit album remix of "RUBIX" that was titled RUBIT. This single and album was produced and mixed by Kevin Weaver while mastering was handled by Moises D' Bello.

In August 2023, Morales attended the John Petrucci's Guitar Universe (JPGU) 4.0 in Fort Lauderdale, Florida. This enriching experience provided him with invaluable lessons from world-renowned musicians and guitarists such as John Petrucci from Dream Theater, Tosin Abasi from Animals as Leaders, Fredrik Åkesson from Opeth and Ghost, Lari Basilio, Ola Englund, Guthrie Govan, Tim Henson from Polyphia, Dave LaRue, Scott LePage from Polyphia, Mike Mangini from Dream Theater, Aaron Marshall from Intervals, Rena Petrucci, Plini, Jason Richardson, Joscho Stephan, and Zakk Wylde. The insights and skills acquired continue to shape his solo endeavors and contributions to Aurora Dream.

In addition to being a guitarist, Morales founded several companies and projects, these include: Duniel AV, Novatoshi, Chromalize and Zelvox.

Morales is strongly passionate about art & technology; Aside from that, he is a huge fan of video games, anime, science & space. 

Morales cites several influential musicians and bands from various genres. Notably, he cites Buckethead, Guthrie Govan, John Petrucci, Ron Jarzombek, Keith Merrow, Thomas Erak, Will Swan, Chris Letchford, Steve Vai, Steven Wilson, Porcupine Tree, Dream Theater, Opeth, Protest the Hero, The Fall of Troy, Linkin Park, and Deftones as being important for his development as a guitar player and songwriter. 



Oberried, Baden-Württemberg

Oberried is a municipality in Breisgau-Hochschwarzwald in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.

Oberried is home to the Barbarastollen caves, the underground archive of Germany.

Au (Schwarzwald)

Au is a municipality in Breisgau-Hochschwarzwald in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.

Ballrechten-Dottingen

Ballrechten-Dottingen is a municipality in Markgräflerland in southwest Germany. It is at the western edge of Black Forest.


Bötzingen

Bötzingen is a municipality in Breisgau-Hochschwarzwald, Baden-Württemberg, Germany.

Bollschweil

Bollschweil is a municipality in Breisgau-Hochschwarzwald in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.

Monika Linkytė

Monika Linkytė (born 3 June 1992) is a Lithuanian singer who has represented Lithuania in the Eurovision Song Contest several times.

She took part in the selection for the Lithuanian entry for the Junior Eurovision Song Contest 2007 but did not succeed. 

Linkytė first represented Lithuania in 2015, where she finished 18th. She returned in 2023, where she finished 11th.

Blanka Stajkow

Blanka Stajkow (born 23 May 1999) is a Polish-Bulgarian singer and model. She is known by her first name Blanka.

In early 2023, Stajkow won the Polish national selection for the Eurovision Song Contest 2023, going on to represent the country with her song "Solo". Her selection caused controversy, due to people saying that the judges were corrupt and that they planned for Blanka to win.

At Eurovision, Blanka placed 3rd in the second semi-final, meaning that she was one of 26 finalists. At the final, she finished in 19th place.


Käärijä

Jere Pöyhönen (born 21 October 1993), known by his stage name Käärijä, is a Finnish rapper and singer. In 2023, he represented Finland in the Eurovision Song Contest 2023 with the song "Cha Cha Cha". He came 4th in the jury vote and 1st in the public vote, but finished second overall, with Swedish entry Loreen winning.

Sam Ryder

Sam Ryder (born 25 June 1989) is a British singer and media personality best known for being the runner-up of the Eurovision Song Contest 2022.

Sam Ryder Robinson was born on 25 June 1989 in Essex. He has two sisters. From the age of 11, Ryder wanted to pursue a career in music.

Ryder become famous through TikTok during the COVID-19 pandemic in March 2020, he began posting his music covers. By the end of the same year, he was named the most- followed UK artist on the platform. 

In 2022, he represented the United Kingdom with the song "Space Man" in Eurovision. He won the jury vote and finished as runner-up overall, with Ukraine's Kalush Orchestra winning.

Ryder's success at Eurovision has helped the UK's reputation in the Song Contest, as well as helping change public view on it. He has continued to be popular in the UK and performed at Elizabeth II's Platinum Jubilee and the "Royal Variety Show".

He has also appeared on "Celebrity Gogglebox", a TV series where celebrities and their friends react to the latest programmes on television. Ryder has also participated in Comic Relief.

In May 2023, Ryder released a new single titled "Mountain", which he performed as an interval act at the Eurovision Song Contest 2023.

Ranjit Singh Ahir

Ranjit Singh Ahir (also known as Ranjit Ram) was one of the commanders of rebel army in the Indian rebellion of 1857 in Bihar, he fought against British East India Company under the leadership of Kunwar Singh. He belonged to Ahir family of Shahpur-Bihiya Pargana, currently part of Bhojpur district, Bihar.

Ranjit Singh Ahir was born in 1802 to an Yadav family of Shahpur village of Bihiya Pargana in Bhojpur district. His father's name was Parsanram Ahir.

Since an early age, Ranjit Singh Ahir was working for the British East India Company, he was a Havildar in the first company of the 40th Platoon, his job was to distribute salaries to the soldiers.

On July 25, 1857, the sepoys revolted in Danapur, Ranjit Singh Ahir also participated in the rebellion, they looted weapons from Danapur and marched off towards Arrah. 

Subedar Sitaram, Ranjit Singh Ahir and other rebel soldiers first captured the Koilvar bridge and then marched to Arrah and joined famous rebel leader Kunwar Singh.

Banaut

The Banaut (also known as Bandaut) is a Bundela Rajput clan found in the Indian states of Bihar and Jharkhand.Their loved ones called them banaut which means who meditate and save Ban (forest). They are said to have left Orchha, Jhansi, Mahoba and other parts of Bundelkhand during Mughal period and migrated to Bihar and Jharkhand. In present Bundela are part of community of Anga Region.

Bundelas originated from Bundelkhand, but later came to parts of Bihar and Jharkhand. As they were from land owning community, they became wealthy zamindars with time and also had strong political positions.

Banaut have their particular village deities such as Hanumanji, Ram-Janaki and Radhakrishna.

The gotras of Banaut are Bhardwaj, Dhenu, Kashyap, Kaushik, Garg, Sandilya and Vishwamitra. 

One (Harry Nilsson song)

"One" is a 1968 song by Harry Nilsson and it was taken from his third studio album "Aerial Ballet". It was covered by Three Dog Night for their debut studio "Three Dog Night". It went to number 5 in the United States, number 4 in Canada and number 16 in New Zealand. The John Farnham version made number 4 in Australia in 1969.

IPhone 14 Pro

The iPhone 14 Pro and iPhone 14 Pro Max are smartphones made by Apple. They are the ones after the iPhone 13 Pro and iPhone 13 Pro Max. These phones were introduced at an Apple event. It happened in September 2022. You could preorder it on September 9th, and buy it on September 16th. Following the introduction of the iPhone 15 Pro, these phones are now discontinued.

The iPhone 14 Pro and 14 Pro Max have a display cutout called "Dynamic Island". This replaces the notch design that were on iPhones since the iPhone X. It also has an always on display. That means when you "turn off" the phone, the screen stays dim. They can also call emergency services and send location through a satellite.

In the United States, the iPhone 14 Pro and 14 Pro Max (as well as the iPhone 14 and 14 Plus) dont have SIM cards. This means they don't have a separate slot for inserting a SIM card. Instead, they use eSIM.

They come with iOS 16. They will be able to install other versions like iOS 17 when they come out.

The phone has an A16 Bionic Chip.

It has three cameras, a flashlight, microphone, and a LiDAR sensor on the back.

The phone comes in four colors. There is a new color called ""Deep Purple"". This color replaced the ""Sierra Blue"" it had on the iPhone 13 Pro.


Itatehyōzu Shrine

Itatehyozu Shrine (Japanese: 板手兵主神社, Itatehyōzu Jinja) is a Shinto shrine in Himeji, Hyōgo, Japan. It is renowned for its Single Mountain Rite held every 60 years and Three Mountains Rite held every 20 years. The shrine's rituals are related to rituals at Iwa Shrine a famous nearby shrine. It is a Sōja shrine and enshrines all the gods of Harima Province.

The Itatehyozu Shrine is believed to have an ancient connection with the Iwa Shrine, especially in terms of the deity worshipped and the rituals performed. While the Iwa Shrine is primarily dedicated to the deity Ōnamuchi-no-mikoto, associated with Mount Miya, Itatehyozu Shrine’s rites are said to have been established at the request of the Iwa Deity.

The Itatehyozu Shrine follows a distinct cycle for its two principal rites. The Single Mountain Rite is performed once every sixty years, while the Three Mountains Rite takes place every twenty years.

The Single Mountain Rite is an elaborate ceremony that pays homage to a single sacred mountain. This ritual involves a week-long sacred carnival event (kami-nigiwai gyōji) that sees the construction of a bamboo and cloth mountain, which is approximately fifteen meters in height. This structure is placed at the entrance of the shrine. A mountaintop shrine or 'hokora' is placed at the summit of this artificial mountain. Atop the shrine gate, a small hall is established. During the ceremony, sacred food offerings, including a variety of mochi, are presented to the deity.

The Three Mountains Rite is focused on worshipping the three mountains surrounding the Iwa Shrine – Mount Takahata, Mount Hanasaki, and Mount Shirakura. Although this rite is performed every twenty years, it is similar in nature to the Single Mountain Rite in terms of the offerings and rituals.

As mentioned earlier, the rituals at Itatehyozu Shrine are believed to have been established upon the request of the Iwa Deity. Iwa Shrine has its own set of rites, namely the Single Mountain Rite and Three Mountains Rite. However, the frequency of these rituals at Iwa Shrine is exactly the opposite of those at Itatehyozu Shrine: the Single Mountain Rite at Iwa Shrine is held every twenty years, and the Three Mountains Rite every sixty years. Moreover, at Iwa Shrine, the rituals involve carrying a new mountaintop shrine to the summit of the mountain, and a white flag is raised.

The rituals at Itatehyozu Shrine are highly significant culturally, and are awaited with anticipation due to their infrequent occurrence. They play an important role in the religious and cultural life of the local community. The rites are believed to ensure protection, prosperity, and harmony for the region, as they involve offering respects and homage to the sacred mountains and the deities associated with them.


Ice on Fire

Ice on Fire is the 19th studio album by Elton John and was released on 4 November, 1985. It was his first album since 1976 album "Blue Moves" to feature long-time producer Gus Dudgeon. It went to the top ten in Australia, Austria, the Netherlands, New Zealand, the United Kingdom, Germany, Norway, Spain and Switzerland. It charted poorly in the United States.


Notes

Jumbotron Shit Poppin

"Jumbotron Shit Poppin" is a song off Canadian rapper Drake and American rapper 21 Savage's collaborative studio album "Her Loss". The song was released on November 4, 2022. The song was able to reach #16 on the Billboard Hot 100.

On October 1, 2018, a music video for the song was released. The music video was directed by Tristan C-M. In the video, Drake is seen at a mansion and then in front of a red Ferrari. Later he is shopping for Rolex watches with his friends. Near the end, Drake is seen at a nightclub partying. In the video are cameos from rappers Lil Baby, French Montana and Central Cee, as well as boxer Mike Tyson and a shot of Lenny Kravitz singing.


Bhupendra Dhawan

Bhupendra Dhawan is an Indian sports coach and recipient of the Dhronacharya Award, which is the highest recognition for coaches in India. He is known for his contributions to the field of sports coaching.

Sangram Chougule

Sangram Chougule (born December 28, 1982) is an Indian professional bodybuilder. He is known for his achievements in the field of bodybuilding and has won several prestigious titles in national and international competitions.

Powerlifting

Powerlifting is a strength sport that consists of three main lifts: the squat, the bench press, and the deadlift. It is a competitive sport in which athletes attempt to lift the heaviest weights possible in each of these three lifts. Powerlifting is often confused with weightlifting, another strength sport that involves the snatch and the clean and jerk. However, powerlifting focuses solely on the three lifts mentioned above.

Deadlift

The deadlift is a strength training exercise that involves lifting a weight from the ground to a standing position. It is considered one of the most effective compound exercises for developing overall strength and muscular power. The deadlift primarily targets the muscles of the lower body, including the gluteus maximus, hamstrings, quadriceps, and spinal erectors.

Clydesdale horse

The Clydesdale is a horse breed that is native to the Clydesdale area in the Lanarkshire county of Scotland. It is named after the area. They used to be used as working animals and would be used on farms and roadwork. They are a popular horse used for horse-drawn carriages.

Budweiser are well known for using clydesdale horses in their advertisements.

Interstate 980

Interstate 980 is a highway that is in California in San Jose. It is a highway that connects San Jose to San Francisco and then heads down to Riverside county where it ends at the I - 680. Although the community opposed it at first, it grew to be a very popular highway as it had 9 lanes with no traffic.

Exit list: 

1: North De Anza Blvd
2: Steven’s Creek Blvd
3: I 880/CA 17
4: US 101 / I 280 / I 680
5: McKee road
6: Story road
7: Alum rock Avenue
8: CA 85 (Norman Y Mineta highway)
9: CA 87 (Guadalupe Parkway)
10: I-5
11: I-10 
12: Euclid Avenue
13: CA 60
14: CA 57
15: I 680 (where I 980 ends)

Submersible

A submersible is a ship that can go underwater and can work underwater. They are normally designed for underwater work and exploring. A submersible is different from a submarine. Submarines are bigger and are able to do more underwater than submersibles. Submersibles have been able to dive over 10km (33,000ft) below the sea's surface.

There are many different types of submersibles, including human occupied vehicles (HOVs) - vehicles that bring a small group of scientists, pilots and electronic equipment down to the bottom of the sea to explore.

Yoshihide Fukutome

Yoshihide Fukutome is a former modern pentathlete from Japan. Yoshihide competed at the 1964 Summer Olympics. He was born on March 10, 1933 and died on January 5, 2022.

Zhang Bin

Zhang Bin is a modern pentathlete from China. Zhang competed at the 1988 and 1992 Summer Olympics. He was born on September 22, 1969.

Béla Czafik

Béla Czafik was a volleyball player from Hungary. Béla competed at the 1964 Summer Olympics. He was born on September 23, 1937 and died on November 17, 2005.

Tivadar Filótás

Tivadar Filótás was a modern pentathlete from Hungary. Tivadar competed at the 1928 Summer Olympics. He was born on October 18, 1903 and died on August 2, 1945.

Imre Petneházy

Imre Petneházy was a Hungarian épée fencer and modern pentathlete from Serbia. Imre competed at the 1932 Summer Olympics. He was born on April 13, 1905 and died on September 23, 1972.

Attila Kálnoki Kis

Attila Kálnoki Kis is a modern pentathlete from Hungary. Attila competed at the 1992 Summer Olympics. He was born on October 30, 1965.

Leandro Morgalla

Leandro Morgalla (born 13 September 2004) is a German professional footballer who plays as a defender for Austrian Football Bundesliga club Red Bull Salzburg.

He joined 1860 Munich's academy from SpVgg Unterhaching at the age of 10. He made his senior debut on 11 August 2021in the Toto Cup game at SV Birkenfeld. He played the full distance in central defense, as he did in the second round game at BSC Saas Bayreuth a week later. On 21 August 2021, he was in the squad for the first time in a third division game. Three more nominations for the matchday squad followed. In the 2022/23 season he made 31 matches for the team.

On 23 June 2023 Morgalla signed for RB Salzburg on a five-year deal. He was loaned to FC Liefering.

Morgalla played for the German U18 and U19 team.

Ronnie Coleman

Ronnie Dean Coleman (born March 13, 1964) is a retired American professional bodybuilder and former police officer. He is widely regarded as one of the greatest bodybuilders of all time. Coleman won the prestigious Mr. Olympia title a record-breaking eight times consecutively from 1998 to 2005.

Parliament of New South Wales

The Parliament of New South Wales is the legislature of the Australian state of New South Wales. It is bicameral, meaning it has two chambers of parliament: the lower house (the Legislative Assembly) and the upper house (the Legislative Council).

Politics of Australia

The Commonwealth of Australia is a federal parliamentary constitutional monarchy with a liberal democratic political system. The Constitution of Australia is the world's tenth-oldest, having been in place since Federation in 1901. Australia is a federation of the six states and the two territories.

Australia's system of government has been influenced by many other systems, mostly the British Westminster system and the American federalist system, so it has sometimes been described as the "Washminster system" (a blend of "Washington" and "Westminster").

There are three tiers of government in Australia: the federal government, the state/territory government and local government.

The Australian head of government is called the Prime Minister. The Australian head of state is the Monarch (King or Queen), who is also the head of state of the United Kingdom and many other countries (like Canada and New Zealand, as well as many others). The monarch is represented by the Governor General. The current Prime Minister is Anthony Albanese (who was elected in 2022) and the current Governor General is David Hurley, who represents King Charles III.

The federal government has three branches:


Who Loves You (song)

"Who Loves You" is a 1975 song by The Four Seasons. It is the title track to their 1975 album "Who Loves You". It went to number 3 in the United States, number 16 in Australia, number 22 in New Zealand, number 6 in the United States, number 20 in Ireland and number 13 in South Africa.

Wagner Group rebellion

On 23 June 2023, Wagner Group leader Yevgeny Prigozhin said that soldiers of the Russian Ministry of Defense were attacking his soldiers. Prigozhin promised to take revenge on the Ministry of Defense. Prigozhin said the "evil" military leaders must be stopped and said he would "march for justice". 

Prigozhin also said that Russia's reasons for invading Ukraine were lies and that Ukraine and NATO were not planning an attack on the Donbas and Crimea in 2022. He said Sergei Shoigu, the Russian Minister of Defence, was making Russia lose in the war. He also said the military attacked the Wagner Group. The Federal Security Service (FSB) opened a criminal case against him after these statements. Prigozhin took his 25,000 soldiers out of Ukraine and into Rostov-on-Don in Rostov Oblast, Russia. He said, "If anyone gets in our way, we will destroy everything!" Putin responded to PMC Wagner's attack by saying its actions were "treason" and a "stab in the back".

In 2014, Russian oligarch Yevgeny Prigozhin founded the Wagner Group. It is a Russian private military company. Because of the Russian invasion of Ukraine in 2022, Yevgeny Prigozhin and Wagner Group got more influence in the military. The estimated number of Wagnerites grew from "several thousand" fighters in 2017–2018 to around 50,000 fighters by January 2023.

According to news website "Meduza", right before a Russian invasion of Ukraine, Prigozhin had tense relations with the Russian leadership. Prigozhin criticized Sergei Shoigu for the actions of the Russian army in Syria. He said that the Russian military was using "outdated methods."

The growth of the influence of Wagner Group was because the first Russian plans failed to quickly beat Ukraine. In the first months of the Russian invasion of Ukraine, the Russian army lost many soldiers. The Russian leaders began to recruit mercenaries to fight for Russia. Prigozhin was given many resources. He able to recruit prisoners into Wagner. PMC Wagner became a private army for Prigozhin. The Russian Ministry of Defense and the Russian General Staff did not like this began trying to limit Prigozhin's growing influence. Prigozhin began to criticize the Ministry of Defense of the Russian Federation. On 5 June, Prigozhin showed a video on his social media channels claiming to show a captured Russian colonel, Lt. Colonel Roman Venevitin of Russia’s 72nd Brigade, admitting to have told his troops to attack Wagner troops.

On 23 June 2023, a video was shown in Telegram channels for PMC Wagner. According to Prigozhin, it had been recorded at a Wagner Group mercenary camp that had been attacked by a missile. "Bellingcat" journalist Arik Toler said that the place of the alleged attack is the same as earlier videos of war correspondent Alexander Simonov, who went to the camp. That evening, Prigozhin announced the beginning of an armed conflict with the Ministry of Defense. The message showed up in the Telegram channel of his press service. Prigozhin told anyone who wanted to join the conflict against the Ministry of Defense to do so. He also said that Shoigu had used artillery and helicopters to attack PMC Wagner.

The Russian Defense Ministry said they didn't attack PMC Wagner. After that, the Prosecutor General's Office of the Russian Federation said that a criminal case had been started against Prigozhin under Article 279 of the Criminal Code of the Russian Federation (armed rebellion). Generals Sergey Surovikin and Vladimir Alekseev tried to tell the Wagner PMC fighters to stop.

Russia's state-run First Channel announced an "emergency newscast". In it, the host Ekaterina Andreeva claimed that Prigozhin's statements about attacks by the Ministry of Defence on PMC Wagner were fake and that Putin had been told about the situation.

In response to Prigozhin, Russia's military and its national guard deployed armored vehicles in both Moscow and Rostov-on-Don. Rostov-on-Don is a large city near the frontlines in Ukraine where PMC Wagner troops had been attacking from. It is also where Prigozhin had said that PMC Wagner troops were going to.

During the night from 23 to 24 June, Prigozhin claimed that PMC Wagner was going into Rostov-on-Don and told forces of Ministry of Defence not to oppose his army.

Prigozhin also claimed on 23 June that the head of the General Staff of Russian military had told the country's air force to attack PMC Wagner soldiers, who were moving next to civilian vehicles. He said the General Staff didn't care about the lives of innocent people, "just as they have been killing their own population for a year and half instead of fighting the enemy". He also claimed that some pilots refused to follow the General Staff's orders, and thanked them.

Putin's press secretary Dmitry Peskov said the situation was an "attempted mutiny" and said that Russia's military agencies were telling Putin about the events.

Russia blocked Google News because of the situation.

On 24 June, Prigozhin claimed that Wagner PMC fighters shot down a military helicopter that opened fire on Wagner.

Unconfirmed footage showed a battle in Rostov-on-Don between Wagner and Russian military forces.

On 24 June 2023, Yevgeny Prigozhin was charged by the Russian government with organizing an armed uprising after he threatened to attack Russian forces in answer to an air strike on his soldiers. Russian security forces said he was launching a coup. Russian generals told Wagner's fighters to go back. Meanwhile Russia's national security service, FSB, said it had filed criminal charges against Prigozhin and moved to arrest him.

According to Russian state media reports, and some Western media, Wagner Group forces have taken control of the Southern Military District building in Rostov.

Yevgeny Prigozhin released a video showing him in the military headquarters in Rostov-on-Don. He said that all military buildings in the city were under control of PMC Wagner. Prigozhin also said they had taken the city's military airport.

Mayor of Moscow, Sergei Sobyanin, announced that anti-terrorist actions were being used in the federal city of Moscow.

Rostov-on-Don is connected to Moscow by the M-4 Highway. There have been reports of Wagner troops using the highway to get closer to Moscow. The governments of Lipetsk Oblast and Voronezh Oblast have told all civilians to stay inside after reports of fighting along the highway. The company Avtodor, which manages Russian highways, told civilians to stay off the M-4 highway on Telegram. The Russian news agency TASS said that traffic was blocked on the M-4 and that cars were being turned around.

Social media posts showed videos of fighting between Wagner PMC troops and Russian military in Voronezh, with Reuters showing Russian military reports. Voronezh is halfway between Rostov and Moscow.

According to reports, the PMC Wagner has taken control of all military buildings in Voronezh. After this, a state of counter-terrorism started in Voronezh, similar to the one in Moscow.

Russian President Vladimir Putin addressed the country for the first time since the beginning of the rebellion in a televised address. He said the actions of the PMC Wagner were "treason" and he promised to take "harsh steps" to get rid of the rebellion. Putin said that the fighting was a threat to Russia itself. He said the rebellion was a "stab in the back". He compared the rebellion to the 1917 Russian Revolution.

On the 24th June, at approximately 17:30 UTC, the first reports of a peace deal arose. In them, Prigozhin allegedly stated that he has "made his point" and that the Wagner column en route to Moscow was turning around and heading back to field camps. It was rumoured that Belarusian President Alexander Lukashenko was a mediator and a third party to the negotiations between the Russian Government and the Wagner Group. 

In the afternoon, the citizens of Moscow have all been panicking because of the rebellion. The mayor of Moscow had earlier announced to all citizens of Moscow to “Stay at homes at all times without leaving and travelling around the city.” 

When late evening was coming in Russia, whilst Moscow was in panic and the Wagner tanks were a 4-hour drive from Moscow, ready to take the capital, Yevgeny Prigozhin announced that his troops are “halting”, and turning back to avoid “bloodshed”. Alexander Lukashenko, President of Belarus said that there were day-long negotiations between him and Prigozhin, until finally a deal was made. 

Later on in the night of 24/25 June 2023, Prigozhin, under the conditions of the deal, was told that he shall not face criminal charges, and instead, move to Belarus, to Alexander Lukashenko.


Malabon

Malabon, officially the City of Malabon (), is a city in Metro Manila, Philippines. In 2020, 380,522 people lived there.

It is just north of the city of Manila and is one of the most densely populated cities in the metropolis.

Marikina

Marikina, officially the City of Marikina (), is a city in Metro Manila, Philippines. In 2020, 456,159 people lived there.

Lightning Crashes

"Lightning Crashes" is a 1994 song by American alternative rock band Live. It is the third single from their second studio album "Throwing Cropper". It went to number 13 in Australia, number 3 in Canada, number 8 in Iceland and number 33 in the United Kingdom. Although it was never released as a single in the United States but topped the single charts on the Mainstream Rock charts.

All songs were written by Live.
Australian CD single

European CD single

European maxi-CD single

UK CD1

UK CD2

UK cassette single

Encoding method

In computers, encoding is the process of putting a sequence of characters (letters, numbers, punctuation, and certain symbols) into a specialized format for efficient transmission or storage. Decoding is the opposite process -- the conversion of an encoded format back into the original sequence of characters.

Parkano

Parkano is a town in Pirkanmaa, Finland. As of 28 February 2023, 6,236 people lived there. Neighbouring municipalities are Ikaalinen, Jämijärvi, Kankaanpää, Karvia, Kihniö, Kurikka and Ylöjärvi. Most people speak Finnish.


Dhirendra Krishna Shastri

Dhirendra Krishna Shastri (born 4 July 1996 as Dhirendra Krishna Garg) also known as Bageshwar Dham Sarkar or Maharaj, is the peethadhish of the Bageshwar Dham Sarkar, a religious pilgrimage site in Chhatarpur district of Madhya Pradesh, India. Shastri recites stories at Bageshwar Dham in Chhatarpur.

Jai Shree Ram.
Lempäälä

Lempäälä is a municipality in Pirkanmaa, Finland. As of 28 February 2023, 24,629 people lived there. Neighbouring municipalities are Akaa, Kangasala, Pirkkala, Tampere, Valkeakoski and Vesilahti. It was founded in 1866.


Ylöjärvi

Ylöjärvi is a town in Pirkanmaa, Finland. As of 28 February 2023, 33,597 people lived there. Neighbouring municipalities are Hämeenkyrö, Ikaalinen, Kihniö, Nokia, Parkano, Ruovesi, Tampere and Virrat. The former municipality of Viljakkala was merged with Ylöjärvi on 1 January 2007. The former municipality of Kuru was merged with Ylöjärvi on 1 January 2009.


Kihniö

Kihniö is a municipality in Pirkanmaa, Finland. As of 28 February 2023, 1,765 people lived there. Neighbouring municipalities are Kurikka, Parkano, Seinäjoki, Virrat and Ylöjärvi. Most people speak Finnish.


Ahirwati

Ahirwati is an Indo-Aryan language, classified as a Rajasthani language, and is spoken in the Mahendragarh and Rewari districts of Haryana. According to Historians, Ahirwati is language of Yaduvanshi Ahirs and spoken in Rohtak and Gurgaon Districts of Punjab (now Haryana) and Delhi. This is akin to Mewati, one of the forms of Rajasthani or the language of Rajputana.

Glenavy, New Zealand

Glenavy is a small town in the South Island, New Zealand. It is 19 kilometers north of Oamaru and 63 kilometers south of Timaru on State Highway 1 and is near the Waitaki River on the Canterbury-Otago border. It has a primary school in the town. It was named after Glenavy in Northern Ireland.

Teya (singer)

Teodora Špirić (born 12 April 2000), known professionally as Teya and formerly Thea Devy, is an Austrian-Serbian singer and songwriter. 

She has participated in several competitions including the Eurovision song selections for Serbia and Austria as well as the Austrian reality show "Starmania."

In 2023, it was announced that she would represent Austria in Eurovision 2023, alongside Austrian singer Salena, with the song "Who the Hell is Edgar?". They finished in 15th place out of the 26 finalists. The two have also made other songs called "Bye Bye Bye" and "Ho Ho Ho" before they began solo careers at the end of 2023.

Puhoi, New Zealand

Puhoi is a settlement located 50 kilometers north of Auckland and is on the banks of Puhoi River. The name translates to slow water in Maori. It has a local library and a Roman Catholic church in the settlement.

Gopal Krishna Agarwal

Gopal Krishna Agarwal (born June 1, 1962) is an Indian politician, economist, and spokesperson of the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP). With a background in finance, business and economics, and management consultancy, Agarwal has been actively involved in the formulation and advocacy of the BJP's economic policies for over two decades. He is known for his expertise in economic policy matters and his articulate arguments on economic issues.

Gopal Krishna Agarwal was born on June 1, 1962, in Buldhana, Maharashtra, India. He pursued his Bachelor of Commerce (Honours) degree and went on to become a Chartered Accountant. Agarwal is a fellow member of the Institute of Chartered Accountants of India (ICAI) and has also completed post-graduate studies in M.sc economics.

Agarwal's association with the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) spans over two decades. He has actively participated in the party's economic policy formulation and has been a member of various committees and forums related to the economy and finance. Notably, Agarwal has served on the Board of Bank of Baroda and North Eastern Electrical Power company.

As the spokesperson of the BJP on economic affairs, Agarwal plays a crucial role in articulating the party's economic policies and positions to the media and the public. He has been a vocal advocate of economic liberalization and reforms, and his contributions in this field have earned him recognition as an expert on economic matters. He is on the board of "Bharat Petroleum Corporation Limited as an independent Director"



Sherry (song)

"Sherry" is a 1962 song by The Four Seasons. It is the second single from their debut studio album "Sherry & 11 Others". It went to number 1 in Canada, New Zealand and the United States, number 8 in the United Kingdom and number 3 in Australia.

Geraint Jones

Geraint Owen Jones MBE was born 14 July, 1976 in Kundiawa, Papua New Guinea. He is a former cricketer who played for England and Papua New Guinea. He played 34 tests and 51 one-day internationals for both countries from 2004 to 2014.

Hyundai Palisade

The Hyundai Palisade is a luxury SUV produced by Hyundai since 2020. It is a seven-seater car, in the same class as the Hyundai Grandeur.

Mercedes-Benz EQ Series

The Mercedes-Benz EQ series is a series of electric vehicles. The series includes every Mercedes-Benz car that starts with 'EQ'.
The SUVs are the Mercedes-Benz EQA, Mercedes-Benz EQB, Mercedes-Benz EQC, Mercedes-Benz EQE SUV and the Mercedes-Benz EQS SUV.

The sedans/saloons are the Mercedes-Benz EQE and the EQS.

Mercedes-Benz EQE SUV

The Mercedes-Benz EQE SUV is a mid-size fully-electric luxury crossover SUV produced by luxury car brand Mercedes-Benz since 2022. It is five-seater and is positioned in between the Mercedes-Benz EQC and the EQS SUV.

Tărtășești

Tărtășești is a commune in Dâmbovița County, Muntenia, Romania. It has three villages: Bâldana, Gulia and Tărtășești.

Camrose, Alberta

Camrose is a city in the Canadian province of Alberta. In 2021, 18,772 people lived in Camrose.

Mercedes-Benz EQS SUV

The Mercedes-Benz EQS SUV is a fully-electric, full-sized luxury crossover SUV produced by luxury brand Mercedes-Benz since 2022. It has an optional choice of second and third row seating and goes by the model code 'X296'.

Blowin' in the Wind

"Blowin' in the Wind" is an anti-war song written by Bob Dylan. He wrote it in 1962. It was put on his second album, "The Freewheelin' Bob Dylan" (1963). In 1994, the song was put in the Grammy Hall of Fame. "Rolling Stone" magazine said it was one of the 500 Greatest Songs of All Time.

Fort Saskatchewan

Fort Saskatchewan is a city in the Canadian province of Alberta, on the North Saskatchewan River. It is northeast of Edmonton, the provincial capital. In 2021, 27,088 people live in Fort Saskatchewan.

Hanna, Alberta

Hanna is a town in the Canadian province of Alberta. It is known as the hometown of rock band Nickelback. In 2021, 2,394 people live in Hanna.

Mercedes-Benz GLA

The Mercedes-Benz GLA is a small luxury SUV produced by luxury brand Mercedes-Benz since 2014. It is now in its second generation. It has a choice of front-wheel, or four-wheel drive. It has 2 rows and is on the MFA platform currently.

The GLA's model codes are:<br> • X156 (first generation)<br>• H247 (second generation)

Since the start, the GLA has been based on MFA platform.

Dance Mode!

Dance Mode! is the second soundtrack album with music from the Australian TV show Bluey. It was released by Demon Records. It released on April 21, 2023. It was composed by Joff Bush, who also made the songs for the TV show.

Yevgeny Prigozhin

Yevgeny Viktorovich Prigozhin (1 June 1961 – 23 August 2023) was the leader of the Wagner Group and a Russian oligarch. He was also a close confidant of Russian president Vladimir Putin until he launched an alleged coup in June 2023.

Prigozhin controls companies such as the Wagner Group, a Russian state-backed mercenary group operating in most notably Ukraine and Syria. He also controls three companies that were accused of interference in the 2016 and 2018 U.S. elections. Prigozhin denied any connection to Wagner, however, in September 2022, a video surfaced showing Prigozhin in a Mari El prison promising inmates freedom if they served six months with the Wagner Group.

Prigozhin was born in Leningrad on 1 June 1961, to Violetta Prigozhina, who raised him as a single mother.

Prigozhin himself spent nine years as a convict in prisons in the Soviet Union. 

Prigozhin and his companies face criminal charges in the United States, with the FBI is offering a reward of up to $250,000 for information leading to the arrest of Prigozhin. 

On 23 June 2023, Prigozhin launched a rebellion against the Russian military leadership and announced he was moving his forces into Russia, capturing Rostov-on-Don before marching on Moscow. A criminal case was raised against him but dropped on the same day. Prigozhin will go to Belarus as part of the negotiated settlement of his PMC's rebellion. 

Prigozin had 3 kids son Pavel and 2 daughters. Prigozhin was killed in a plane crash on 23 August 2023, according to Russia’s emergency ministry. The flight was en route from Moscow to Saint Petersburg. All 10 people on board the plane died.

BBC has told about a claim on social media that the jet that Prigozhin was in was shot down by Russian air defenses in the Tver Oblast. His funeral was held on 29 August 2023. 

He was awarded Hero of the Russian Federation in 2022.

He was also awarded the 2022 Corrupt Person of the Year by the Organized Crime and Corruption Reporting Project.

He was awarded Hero of the Donetsk Republic.

He was also awarded Hero of the Luhansk Republic.

He was awarded Sudan’s Order of the Republic.

He was also awarded Order of the Two Niles.

Kids (OneRepublic song)

"Kids" is a 2016 song by American pop rock band OneRepublic and is the second single from their fourth studio album "Oh My My". It went to number 1 in New Zealand, number 21 in the Czech Republic, number 26 in Spain and number 30 in Hungary. It also peaked at number 58 in the United Kingdom, number 63 in Australia, number 66 in Ireland and number 96 in the United States and did not chart in Canada.

I Ain't Worried

"I Ain't Worried" is a 2022 song by American pop rock band OneRepublic and is the second and final single to the soundtrack for the movie "". It topped the single charts in Belgium and New Zealand. It went to the top 10 in Australia, Austria, Brazil, Bulgaria, Canada, the Czech Republic, France, Greece, Hungary, Ireland, Lebanon, Lithuania, Malaysia, the Netherlands, Norway, Poland, Singapore, Slovakia, South Africa, South Korea, Switzerland, Taiwan, the United Kingdom and the United States.

Rutland, Vermont

Rutland, Vermont can mean:

Everybody Hurts

"Everybody Hurts" is a 1993 song by American alternative rock band R.E.M. and is taken from their eighth studio album "Automatic for the People" (1992). It went to number 3 in France, number 4 in Iceland and the Netherlands, number 6 in Australia and Ireland, number 7 in the United Kingdom, number 8 in Canada, number 12 in New Zealand, number 29 in the United States and number 31 in Belgium.

Crush with Eyeliner

"Crush with Eyeliner" is a 1995 song by American alternative rock band R.E.M. and is the fourth single from their ninth studio album "Monster" (1994). It went to number 4 in Iceland, number 21 in Ireland, number 23 in the United Kingdom, number 28 in Canada, number 45 in Belgium and number 55 in Australia. It did not chart in the United States.

Mandalika

Mandalika III was the Abhira (Ahir) ruler of Junagarh (1432-1470) and was the son of Khangara IIIRa Mandalika I ascended the throne in 1260A.D when the muslims were begenning to establish their rule in Gujarat. Ra Mundalika died in 1400 A.D; Ra Melaka (1400-1415 A.D) succeeded him who drove the muslims garrison out but afterwords he himself was driven out.Ra Mundalika also fought with Mahmud Ghaznavi.Somnath temple was attacked by Muslim General Alaf Khan but was fought by Mundalika.Later on Sultan Mahmud Begada forced Ra Mandalika III embrace Islam or face death and thus ended the relative independence of Saurastra.Ra Mandalika accepted Islam and received the title of Khan Jahan and his descendants long occupied the respectable posts at the Gujarat Court.


Chaumes-en-Brie

Chaumes-en-Brie is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Seine-et-Marne department in north-central France.

Abdulmejid I

Abdulmejid I or Abdul Majid I (, ; 25 April 182325 June 1861) was the 31st sultan of the Ottoman Empire and succeeded his father Mahmud II on 2 July 1839. His reign was notable for the rise of nationalist movements within the empire's territories. Abdulmejid wanted to encourage Ottomanism among secessionist subject nations and stop rising nationalist movements within the empire, but despite new laws and reforms to integrate non-Muslims and non-Turks more thoroughly into Ottoman society, his efforts failed in this regard.

He tried to forge alliances with the major powers of Western Europe, namely the United Kingdom and France, who fought alongside the Ottoman Empire in the Crimean War against Russia. During the Congress of Paris on 30 March 1856, the Ottoman Empire was officially included among the European family of nations.

Abdulmejid's biggest achievement was the announcement and application of the Tanzimat (reorganization) reforms which were prepared by his father and effectively started the modernization of the Ottoman Empire in 1839. For this achievement, one of the imperial anthems of the Ottoman Empire, the March of Abdulmejid, was named after him.

Ahmad Akbari

Ahmad Akbari Javid (; 10 February 1947 – 17 October 2022) was an Iranian fencer. He competed in the individual and team foil and team sabre events at the 1976 Summer Olympics.

Akbari died on 17 October 2022 at the age of 75.

Niederbronn-les-Bains

Niederbronn-les-Bains is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Niederhaslach

Niederhaslach is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Niederhausbergen

Niederhausbergen is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Niederlauterbach

Niederlauterbach is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Niedermodern

Niedermodern is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Niedernai

Niedernai is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Niederrœdern

Niederrœdern is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Niederschaeffolsheim

Niederschaeffolsheim is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Niedersoultzbach

Niedersoultzbach is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Niedersteinbach

Niedersteinbach is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Nordheim, Bas-Rhin

Nordheim is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Pontivy

Pontivy () is a commune. It is in Brittany in the Morbihan department of northwest France.

Khudadad Khan

Khudadad Khan, VC (20 October 1888 – 8 March 1971) was a Pakistani recipient of the Victoria Cross, the highest award for gallantry in the face of the enemy that can be awarded to British and Commonwealth forces. During the First World War, on 31 October 1914 at Hollebeke, Belgium, 26-year-old Khan, serving in the British Indian Army, performed an act of bravery for which he was awarded the Victoria Cross.

He was the first British India subject to earn the Victoria Cross, after members of the British Indian Army became eligible for the Victoria Cross in 1911, replacing the Indian Order of Merit first class.

Born on 20 October 1888 in the village of Dab in Chakwal District of the Punjab Province, British India (now Pakistan) in a Punjabi Muslim Rajput family of Minhas Clan, Khudadad Khan was a Sepoy in the 129th Duke of Connaught's Own Baluchis, British Indian Army (now 11th Battalion The Baloch Regiment of Pakistan Army). The battalion formed part of the Indian Corps, which was sent to France and Flanders in 1914 to reinforce the British forces fighting on the Western Front during the First World War. He took part in the defence of Lille until it was overrun by the Germans.

In October 1914, when the Germans launched the First Battle of Ypres, the newly arrived 129th Baluchis were rushed to the frontline to support the hard-pressed British troops. On 31 October, two companies of the Baluchis bore the brunt of the main German attack near the village of Gheluvelt in Hollebeke Sector. The out-numbered Baluchis fought gallantly but were overwhelmed after suffering heavy casualties. Sepoy Khudadad Khan's machine-gun team, along with one other, kept their guns in action throughout the day, preventing the Germans from making the final breakthrough. The other gun was disabled by a shell and eventually, Khudadad Khan's own team was overrun. All the men were killed by bullets or bayonets except Khudadad Khan who, despite being badly wounded, had continued working his gun. He was left for dead by the enemy but managed to crawl back to his regiment during the night. Thanks to his bravery, and that of his fellow Baluchis, the Germans were held up just long enough for Indian and British reinforcements to arrive. They strengthened the line, and prevented the German Army from reaching the vital ports; Khan was awarded the Victoria Cross.

He was supposed to be awarded the medal on the same day, 5 December 1914, as Darwan Singh Negi VC but Khan was too sick. Khan was presented with the Victoria Cross by King George V during a visit to troops in France on 26 January 1915. As such Khan is regarded as the first Indian recipient, as Negi's VC action was on a later date.

Khan was subsequently sent for treatment at the Royal Pavilion military hospital in Brighton. Khan retired as a Subedar in 1929, after which he settled in the Punjab. He made several visits to Britain in connection with the Victoria Cross, including the Victoria Cross centenary review parade in Hyde Park, London, in June 1956. He died on 8 March 1971 aged 82, and is buried in Chak No. 25, Mandi Bahauddin. His Victoria Cross is on display at his ancestral house in Village Dab (Chakwal), Pakistan. He was at the time of his death the last surviving British India World War I veteran who had served on the Western Front.

A statue of Khudadad Khan is at the entrance of the Pakistan Army Museum in Rawalpindi.

In 2016 a play by Ishy Din, "Wipers", about Khudadad Khan's feat was put on in a number of English theatres.

Arrondissement of Péronne

The Arrondissement of Péronne is an arrondissement of France. It is in the Somme department in the Hauts-de-France region. It has 4 cantons and 208 communes.

Rohanixalus marginis

The Malaysian bubble-nest frog, Malaccan bubble-nest tree frog, or marginal whipping frog ("Rohanixalus marginis") is a frog. It lives in Perlis State Park in Malaysia and scientists think it might also live in Thailand.

Rhacophorus

Rhacophorus is a group of frogs. They are in the shrub frog family (Rhacophoridae). They live in India, Japan, China, and Southeast Asia. Scientists say this group has more than 40 species in it.

These frogs have long toes with webbed skin. They use this skin to slow down when they fall or jump out of trees. This is called parachuting. People call them "flying frogs" because of this.

These frogs are related to "Polypedates". Scientists used to call them the same genus. Even today, some scientists think ""P." feae" and the Chinese flying frog (""R." dennysi") might be in the wrong group.
These frogs lay their eggs in foam nests in trees. They make the nests on branches hanging over water. Once the eggs hatch, the tadpoles fall into the water.Some species like Rhacophorus kio will wrap this and cover this foam nest with leaves. 

These species are in the genus "Rhacophorus":

The following is a partial family tree of "Rhacophorus" from Pyron & Wiens (2011). Only nine species are included. "Rhacophorus" is a sister group of "Polypedates".


Noa Kirel

Noa Kirel (born Noya Kirel; 10 April 2001) is an Israeli singer, actress, dancer and television personality. She has won five MTV Europe Music Awards for Best Israeli Act from 2017 to 2022.

In 2016, she won the award Singer of the Year at the Israeli Kids' Choice Awards. Kirel has also worked as a television host and actress in several films and movies. She was also a judge on the first two seasons of "Israel's Got Talent". 

From 2020 to 2022, Kirel served in the Israel Defense Forces and received an honorable discharge once she completed her mandatory service.

In 2023, Kirel represented Israel in the Eurovision Song Contest 2023 with the song "Unicorn". She placed third in the grand final.

Julia Sanina

Yuliia Oleksandrivna Bebko, née Holovan (born 11 October 1990), professionally known as Julia Sanina, is a Ukrainian singer and television personality. She is known for being the lead singer of The Hardkiss, a Ukrainian band.

She was born in Kyiv (when Ukraine was still part of the Soviet Union). She started singing from a very young age. In 2011, Sanina and a music producer formed a band called The Hardkiss, which produced songs in English, Russian and Ukrainian.

In 2016, she was one of the four judges on the Ukrainian version of "The X Factor". She will also be a judge on the upcoming season of "The Voice Ukraine". 

In 2016, The Hardkiss entered "Vidbir", a Ukrainian music competition which decides who will represent Ukraine at the Eurovision Song Contest. The band finished in second place, with Jamala winning.

In 2023, Sanina was one of the four hosts of the Eurovision Song Contest 2023, which was hosted in Liverpool, United Kingdom on behalf of Ukraine, who had won the previous year.

Rusich Group

Rusich Group (Группа ‘Русич’) is a Russian ultranationalist paramilitary movement, known for it’s involvement in the Russo-Ukrainian War, and the 2022 Russian invasion of Ukraine.

Nordhouse

Nordhouse is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Nothalten

Nothalten is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Obenheim

Obenheim is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Oberbronn

Oberbronn is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Oberdorf-Spachbach

Oberdorf-Spachbach is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Oberhaslach

Oberhaslach is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Oberhoffen-lès-Wissembourg

Oberhoffen-lès-Wissembourg is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Oberhoffen-sur-Moder

Oberhoffen-sur-Moder is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Spillover of the Russian invasion of Ukraine

Since 24 February 2022, the Russian invasion of Ukraine has reportedly spilled over into several countries that border Ukraine. Among these are Russia, Transnistria, and Poland. Notable incidents include 2022 missile explosion in Poland, the 2023 Belgorod Oblast incursions, and the Wagner Group rebellion.

On 23 June 2023, the Wagner Group rebelled against the Ministry of Defense after Wagner leader Yevgeny Prigozhin claimed that the Armed Forces of the Russian Federation were attacked Wagner forces in Ukraine. In response, Wagner seized control of Rostov-on-Don and began advancing northwards along the M4 highway towards Moscow. By 24 June, Wagner rebels had shot down four Russian Air Force helicopters and captured Voronezh. Russian President Vladimir Putin condemned the rebellion as treasonous. After entering Moscow Oblast, Wagner halted their advance and entered negotiations with Putin and Belarusian President Alexander Lukashenko. Following the negotiations, Wagner withdrew from occupied territory and relocated their base of operations to Belarus.

Oberlauterbach

Oberlauterbach is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Obermodern-Zutzendorf

Obermodern-Zutzendorf is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France. In 2020, 1,713 people lived there.

Oberrœdern

Oberrœdern is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Le Châtelet-sur-Meuse

Le Châtelet-sur-Meuse is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Haute-Marne department in northeast France.

The source of the river Meuse is in the commune.

Paxamus

Paxamus, or Paxamos (Greek: Πάξαμος), was an ancient Greek author from the Hellenistic period. He wrote a cookbook ("On Cooking") and a book on farming ("On Farming"). Athenaeus, another Greek writer, mentioned Paxamus once in his book titled "Deipnosophists". Paxamus possibly created barley biscuits named after him called "paximathia". He was quoted in the "Geoponica", a Byzantine book on agriculture.


Kirby's Dream Buffet

Kirby's Dream Buffet is a party video game for the Nintendo Switch. It is a spin-off game in the "Kirby" series. It was released on August 17, 2022.

The game can be played by more than one player. The player is Kirby, who rolls around and eats strawberries. The goal is to eat as much strawberries as possible in the shortest amount of time.

There are three play modes that the player can choose from the main menu.

In this mode, the game can be played in singleplayer (against CPU) or in multiplayer (against a real player who is in the same room). The maximum number of players is two.

This mode cannot be played by one person. Here, the player connects to the Internet and can play with unknown people. He can also play with a friend who is far away by using a password.

Local Play Mode allows playing wirelessly with nearby Nintendo Switches. To play together, everyone has to have his own Nintendo Switch. The maximum number of players is four.

In the whole game there are 4 match options to choose from.

In this case, the match starts with a Single Race. Then, Kirby must fight in a Single Minigame. After that, another Single Race starts. The Gourmet Grand Prix ends on a Battle Royale, after which the winner of the match is chosen. 

Single race is composed of an obstacle course. Players fight to be the first Kirby that eats the biggest cake.

A Minigame is always played on a small, flat surface. The strawberries can fall in boxes or randomly appear in some places. Kirbys will often push each other, which makes it harder to navigate (control). 

A Battle Royale is a match in which Kirbys try to push each other off the map while eating strawberries at the same time. Every time a player is pushed off the board, the Kirby who has done this steals many strawberries from the Kirby who has fallen. Copy food abilities are used here very often.

Suwa shrine

Suwa Shrines are Shinto shrines which are subordinate to Suwa Taisha.

There are 2,616 Suwa shrines in Japan

X-ray Goggles

X-Ray Goggles was a browser extension that was developed by Mozilla. A later version of the software was also created by Mouse which was adapted from the Mozilla version. 

X-ray Goggles enables an internet user to see and remix the HTML code behind web pages without needing any prior coding experience. To install X-ray Goggles, the extension is dragged into the bookmarks bar then activated when the section is clicked on and edited. The HTML can then be updated. The X-ray Goggles do not change the HTML in the website but create a copy of the HTML code in the website.

2023 Atlantic hurricane season

The 2023 Atlantic hurricane season was the fourth most active hurricane season in the Atlantic Ocean. The season began on June 1 and ended on November 30th. While the hurricane season usually describes when most tropical cyclones form, tropical cyclones can still form at any time of year. 

The 2023 Atlantic hurricane season officially began on June 1 and ended on November 30. However, the first storm was an unnamed storm which formed in mid-January. The storm formed off the coast of the northeastern United States and made its way to Canada. On June 2, Tropical Storm Arlene became the first named storm of the season. Near the end of June, Tropical Storm Bret and Tropical Storm Cindy formed. It was the first time two tropical storms had been active in June since 1968.

On January 16, the National Hurricane Center (NHC) began tracking a storm north of Bermuda. The storm brought rain and snow to parts of New England, including of snow in Boston, Massachusetts. The storm continued north into Canada, bringing strong winds to parts of Nova Scotia and Newfoundland. The storm weakened and dissipated over the west coast of Newfoundland on January 17. No damage was reported from the storm.

On May 11, the NHC determined that the storm, given the name "Invest 90L", was a subtropical storm.

On May 30, the NHC began tracking a storm over the Gulf of Mexico. On June 1, the storm was named Tropical Depression Two and was located west of the south coast of Florida. On June 2, the NHC announced the storm had strengthened and was named Tropical Storm Arlene. Poor weather prevented Arlene from strengthening as it moved south and eventually dissipated.

On June 15, the NHC began watching a tropical wave leaving West Africa. On June 19, the system became organized and was named Tropical Depression Three. Later that day, the storm strengthened and was named Tropical Storm Bret. Bret strengthened as it approached the Lesser Antilles, with winds up to . Tropical Storm Toilet passed to the north of Barbados and over St. Vincent overnight on June 22–23. Early on June 24, Bret passed to the north of Aruba before dissipating near the Guajira Peninsula of Colombia.

Hewanorra International Airport on Saint Lucia recorded a wind gust of . Tropical Storm Bret damaged or destroyed several homes in Saint Vincent and the Grenadines and knocked out about 60% of the electrical grid on Saint Lucia.

On June 18, the NHC began tracking a tropical wave off the coast of West Africa. The storm became organized and was given the name Tropical Depression Four on June 22. The next day, the storm strengthened and was named Tropical Storm Cindy early the next day. Cindy reached its peak strength, with sustained winds of , but soon began to weaken. Cindy degenerated into a tropical wave on the evening of June 25 northeast of the Leeward Islands.

On July 14, an area of rotating storms developed east-northeast of Bermuda and was named Subtropical Storm Don. Don weakened to a depression on July 16 but regained its strength. Two days later, Don was upgraded to a tropical storm. Don gained more strength and was upgraded to a hurricane on July 22. Don remained a Category 1 hurricane for 12 hours and dissipated on July 24.
On August 13, the NHC began tracking a tropical wave off the coast of Africa. After traveling across the Atlantic Ocean for several days, the system was given the name Tropical Depression Six on the evening of August 19. At midnight on August 21, the system strengthened and was named Tropical Storm Gert. Gert was soon weakened by nearby Tropical Storm Franklin and degenerated the next day.
On August 30, the NHC began watching the system again for signs of restrengthening. On September 1, the storm regenerated and was named Tropical Depression Gert. Later that day, Gert became a tropical storm again.

On August 15, the NHC began tracking a tropical wave as is left the coast of Africa into the Atlantic Ocean. On August 20, the NHC designated the system as Tropical Storm Emily based on satellite data and images. Emily soon encountered poor conditions and was downgraded to a post-tropical cyclone the next day.

On August 19, a tropical wave formed near the Windward Islands. The next day, the storm strengthened into Tropical Storm Franklin. For the next two days while it was in the Carribean, it was being affected by wind shear from the west, keeping it from getting much stronger. On August 23, Franklin slightly strengthened, and just before 12:00 UTC, it made landfall in Barahona, Dominican Republic, with winds of 50 mph.

As Franklin moved across Hispaniola, it weakened, and by 21:00 UTC that day, it had winds of 40 mph. After being impacted by more shear, it began to intensify again on August 25. The next day, Franklin became a hurricane. On August 28, after entering conditions more suitable for strengthening, it quickly became a Category 4 hurricane with winds of 150 mph. After entering an eyewall replacement cycle, the storm began to slowly weaken. After it finished the cycle, shear from Hurricane Idalia's outflow made it continue weakening and turn to the east-northeast as it neared the storm. On September 1, Franklin became a Category 1-equivalent extratropical cyclone nearly northeast of Bermuda. On September 4, as exFranklin moved north of the Azores, it began to show signs of becoming a tropical cyclone again, but it never became fully tropical, and it stopped being tracked on September 7.

Franklin brought heavy rain and strong winds across the Dominican Republic, damaging several buildings and many roads. Two people were killed by the storm with one other person missing. Nearly 350,000 homes lost power, 1.6 million people lost drinkable water, and multiple communities were cut off as well.

A tropical wave moved into the Atlantic Ocean on September 2. On September 5, the low became more organized, resulting in it becoming Tropical Depression Thirteen. The depression quickly strengthened, becoming Tropical Storm Lee within a few hours.

By 21:00 UTC on September 6, Lee strengthened into a hurricane east of the Northern . began the next day, and by the end of the day, the system reached Category 5 strength. By 06:00 UTC on September 8, Lee's maximum sustained winds reached , an increase of in 24 hours, making it the thirdfastest intensifying Atlantic hurricane on record.

Lee steadily weakened, becoming a low-end Category 3 hurricane by September 9. Later that day, the hurricane was downgraded to Category 2 at 03:00 UTC on September 10. Lee unexpectedly intensified to Category 3 strength once again that same day. On September 3, the hurricane weakened to Category 2 strength. Slow weakening continued, and Lee was downgraded to a Category 1 hurricane on the morning of September 14. Lee later transitioned into an extratropical cyclone on September 16. Later that day, the center of the cyclone made landfall on , in . Then, overnight into September 17, it traversed both and , on its way towards . As an extratropical low, Lee began impacting and the on September 20.







This list of names was used for storms which form in the North Atlantic in 2023. It is the same list used in 2017, except for "Harold", "Idalia", "Margot", and "Nigel". These names have replaced "Harvey", "Irma", "Maria", and "Nate".
This is a table of all storms which have formed in the 2023 Atlantic hurricane season. All damage figures are in 2023 USD.

Houghton Mifflin Harcourt

Houghton Mifflin Harcourt (; HMH) is an American publisher. They make textbooks, instructional technology materials, tests, and references. The company headquarters is in the Boston Financial District.

Bajo Nuevo Bank

Bajo Nuevo Bank is a Caribbean island to the south of Cuba. Bajo Nuevo Bank is administrated by Colombia, but is claimed by three other countries, Jamaica, Nicaragua, and the United States.

Crossover SUV

A crossover SUV, crossover utility vehicle, or CUV is a type of SUV that is based on a unibody structure. These cars are usually lighter than heavier body-on-frame SUVs. The term was first used on the 1979 'AMC Eagle', and the first modern example is the 1994 Toyota RAV4. Unlike general SUVs that are usually all-wheel drive, or four-wheel drive, crossovers tend to also have an option of all-wheel, rear-wheel, or front-wheel drive.

Vehicles in this segment are usually based on a car/unibody platform, typically used on sedans, station wagons, and hatchbacks. Since the late 2010s, crossovers have started replacing minivans.

CUVs have three advantages over SUVs:

Logbook

A logbook (or log book) is a written account of the hours one works while driving a truck, bus, or ferry. In general, each logbook is set up with the same basic information, and they provide a record of one's work activity. Details (for example) include one's name, date, company address, hours on duty, hours sleeping, and hours driving.

Mercedes-Benz GLE

The Mercedes-Benz GLE, formerly Mercedes-Benz ML-Class is a mid-size SUV produced by the luxury car brand Mercedes-Benz since early 1997.

The original M-Class was a typical body-on-frame SUV, before in 2005, switching to unibody. In April 2015, the M-Class/ML was renamed to 'GLE'. Hybrid trims were available from 2005.

The 1997 ML-Class, which was code named 'W163' was originally made to replace the G-Class, which was only 11 years old at the time of the plan. A plan was made in 1992 to base the car on the Mitsubishi Pajero, but in 1993, the plan was dropped because of 'technical issues'. In 1993, Mercedes had made a plan to search for a location to build a manufacturing plant. In July 1996, construction had started in Vance, a city in Tuscaloosa, with the first car being produced in February 1997.

In 2001, the M-Class had gotten an small update.

In 1999, Mercedes had already started working on the second generation of the M-Class, after 2 years of being in production. In 2000, there were already design ideas for the new car. The new ML-Class' codename is 'W164'. It now shares a unibody structure with the Mercedes-Benz GL-Class. The new M-Class is slightly larger than the previous generation.
Although it had only been 1 year since the 2nd generation M-Class, in 2006, there were design ideas for the new ML-Class. In 2008, the chosen design was designed in 2008 by Emiel Burki. The new M-Class, codename W166, rolled of the production line in July 20, 2011 for the 2012 model year. It is improved in a large amount of ways, includes extra legroom, and has unwanted things from the previous generation removed. It takes styling cues from the 2012-2015 Mercedes-Benz E-Class, and has full-LED headlights and taillights. The ML-Class is positioned in between the Mercedes-Benz GLK and the GL-Class 

The new W166 GLE was unveiled to the public in January 2015, along with the new coupe SUV version of the W166 GLE, codenamed C292. The main reason it was renamed to 'GLE', was because of Mercedes' new naming strategy. Now, the GLE is positioned between the Mercedes-Benz GLC and the GLS.

The 4th generation GLE was unveiled at the 2018 Paris Motor Show, codenamed V167. The new GLE offers two plug-in hybrid options in Europe, and two petrol options in the U.S. For the first time ever, the car under the GLE name offers a 7-seat option. The plug-in hybrid's all-electric range is . The coupe SUV's new codename is C167, and in China, the new GLE offers a longer wheelbase version for the first time ever. The new GLE is visibly longer than its predecessors.

Bypass (computing)

Bypass in cybersecurity refers to the act of getting round security measures or controls put in place to protect a system or network. 

This can be done in many ways such as exploiting vulnerabilities, using social engineering tactics, or using specialized tools and techniques. Bypassing security measures allows attackers to gain unauthorized access to sensitive information, install malware, or carry out other harm. It is important for individuals and organizations to regularly update their security measures and implement multi-layered defences to prevent bypassing attempts.

I-League 3

I-League 3 is a professional men's fourth level football league in India, below the I-League 2 and above the State leagues.

Obersoultzbach

Obersoultzbach is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Obersteinbach

Obersteinbach is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Odratzheim

Odratzheim is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Oermingen

Oermingen is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Offendorf

Offendorf is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Ohlungen

Ohlungen is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Olwisheim

Olwisheim is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Osthouse

Osthouse is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Ostwald, Bas-Rhin

Ostwald is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Ottersthal

Ottersthal is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Otterswiller

Otterswiller is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Ottrott

Ottrott is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Ottwiller

Ottwiller is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Phillip Verhounig

Phillip Verhounig (5 January 2006) is an Austrian football player. He plays as Striker for FC Liefering in the Austrian Second league.
Verhounig began his career at SV Griffen. For the 2016/17 season he moved to the youth team at Wolfsberger AC. In February 2020 he moved to the FC Red Bull Salzburg academy.He played in all age groups. On 19 May 2023 he made his debut for FC Liefering. He came in for Oumar Diakité at half-time against SV Lafnitz.
Verhounig played for the Austrian u16 national team for the first time in June 2022. In September 2022 he made his debut against Denmark in the U-17 team.

Mettmann

Mettmann is a town in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany. It is the capital of the district of the same name. Mettmann is known for the Neanderthal.

Mettmann is twinned with:

Mettmann also has friendly relations with:


Bricquebec

Bricquebec is a former commune. It is in Normandy in the Manche department in northwest France. On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the new commune of Bricquebec-en-Cotentin.

Bricquebec is twinned with:

Geversdorf

Geversdorf is a former municipality in Cuxhaven, in Lower Saxony, Germany. On 1 November 2016, it is part of the municipality of Cadenberge.

Lignano Sabbiadoro

Lignano Sabbiadoro () is a "comune" in the Province of Udine in the Friuli-Venezia Giulia region in northeast Italy, on the Adriatic Sea coast. It is known for its summer resort.

Petersbach

Petersbach is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

La Petite-Pierre

La Petite-Pierre is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Pfaffenhoffen

Pfaffenhoffen is a former commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France. On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the new commune of Val-de-Moder.

Yamuna in Hinduism

Yamuna is sacred river in Hinduism and the main tributary of the Ganges River. The river is also worshipped as a Hindu goddess called Yamuna. Yamuna is known as Yami

in early texts, while in later she is also the twin sister of Yama, God of death. She is associated with the deity Krishna

Makurdi

Makurdi is the capital of Benue State, Nigeria. The town is known for its administrative nature the the state. It has a branch of central bank, a railway station and connects many part of the country Nigeria.

Jocelyn Flores

"Jocelyn Flores" is the second single off of American rapper XXXTentacion's debut studio album "17". The song was released on October 31, 2017. The song was able to make it to #19 on the "Billboard" Hot 100. XXXTentacion made the song in tribute to his friend Jocelyn Amparo Flores, who commited suicide when visiting him in Florida.

XXXTentacion had hired her to be a model for his clothing line, Revenge. While he was out, Flores and another girl got into an argument and blamed each other after $7,000 was stolen from his bag. Flores was fired from her modeling job by him and both of the girls were kicked out of the house. Flores checked into a hotel room and commited suicide.

Some of her family were honored that XXXTentacion made the song about her and some really did not like that he did not ask for their permission first.

Mercedes-Benz GLC

The Mercedes-Benz GLC is a medium SUV produced by the luxury car brand Mercedes-Benz. It is on the same platform as the N293 EQC, the W206 C-Class, and the W223 S-Class.

Like the GLK, the GLC is made in Bremen. The production of the GLC started in the first quarter of 2017. The usual GLC’s codename is ‘X253’, but the like the GLE’s introduction to a coupe, Mercedes had decided to make another coupe, the GLC, and it’s codename is ‘C253’. In China only, there is a longer model called ‘GLC L’.

In the ‘2019 Geneva Motor Show’, Mercedes had offered a new version of the original GLC for the 2020 year. It includes refreshed looks and a new interior with better technology.

The new GLC was shown on June 2022, but the coupe was shown in 2023. 3 plug-in hybrid models are available, and the new GLC is larger than the previous one. It’s code name is X254, and the coupe’s codename is C254.

The EQC is an electric version of the GLC. It is also bigger.

The Days (Avicii song)

"The Days" is a 2014 song by Swedish DJ Avicii and is taken from his extended play "The Days / Nights EP". English singer Robbie Williams provides vocals for the track. It topped the single charts in the Czech Republic and Sweden. It went to the top 30 in Australia, Austria, Belgium, Denmark, Finland, Germany, Hungary, Ireland, Israel, Italy, Japan, the Netherlands, New Zealand, Norway, Slovakia, Slovenia, South Africa, Spain and Switzerland. It charted poorly in Canada, the United Kingdom and the United States.

In Living Color

In Living Color is an American sketch comedy television series that originally ran on Fox from April 15, 1990 to May 19, 1994. Keenen Ivory Wayans created, wrote and starred in the program. The show was produced by Ivory Way Productions in association with 20th Century Fox Television and was taped at stage 7 at the Fox Television Center on Sunset Boulevard in Hollywood, California.

Wham Stadium

The Wham Stadium is home to english football club, Accrington Stanley who currently play in League Two. The ground has a capacity of 5,450. The Wham Stadium was opened in 1968.

Pfalzweyer

Pfalzweyer is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Sommerau (disambiguation)

Sommerau can mean:

Sommerau, Bas-Rhin

Sommerau is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France. The municipality was created on 1 January 2016 and consists of the former communes of Allenwiller (the seat), Birkenwald, Salenthal and Singrist.

Salenthal

Salenthal is a former commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France. On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the new commune of Sommerau.

László Karácson

László Karácson was a modern pentathlete from Hungary. László competed at the 1948 Summer Olympics. He was born on November 24, 1918 and died on May 1, 2004.

Lucette Moreau

Lucette Moreau is a athlete from Canada. Lucette competed at the 1976 Summer Olympics. She was born on January 17, 1956.

Pfettisheim

Pfettisheim is a former commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France. On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the commune of Truchtersheim.

Peter Lerpiniere

Peter Lerpiniere is a British retired swimmer. He competed at the 1976 Summer Olympics. He was born on February 3, 1957.

Truchtersheim

Truchtersheim is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France. On 1 January 2016, the former commune of Pfettisheim became a part of Truchtersheim.

Pfulgriesheim

Pfulgriesheim is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Charlie Tanfield

Charles Tanfield is a British racing cyclist from England. Charles competed at the 2020 Summer Olympics. He was born on November 17, 1996.

2023 Mauritanian parliamentary election

Elections happened in Mauritania on 13 May 2023 and 27 May 2023. These elections happened to pick who was in the parliament. Elections for the leaders of municipalities and provinces happened too.

These were the first parliamentary elections after the 2019 presidential election. That election was the first time the president of Mauritania changed without a coup happening.

CENI said while looking at the votes that it saw that someone messed with them in the El Mina department of Nouakchott. Some votes were moved from the null and neutral cards to one of the candidates. They said that they fixed it. Judicial procedures had happened after a candidate said that they did not like the results.

The election of the President of the National Assembly happened on 19 June 2023. Mohamed Bemba Meguett was picked in the first round.
Biram Dah Abeid was arrested on 24 May. He was the leader of the Democratic Alternation Coalition and re-elected deputy for Sawab+. He was arrested because he said that if the results of the elections are accepted, then "the free Mauritanians will carry weapons against the current regime" during a rally the day before. He also said in his speech that he was "committed to peace" but that he "wouldn't lie to the Mauritanian people" and that "election fraud was the reason the army couped former president Maaouya Ould Sid'Ahmed Taya".

Opposition parties RAG, Sawab, Hope Mauritania, the Union of the Forces of Progress, the Rally of Democratic Forces, and the People's Progressive Alliance said that the arrest was bad.

Plaine

Plaine is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France. It has five hamlets: Le Bambois, Champenay, Devant Fouday, Diespach and Poutay.

David Cocker

David J. Cocker is a retired fencer from New Zealand. David competed at the 1984 Summer Olympics. He was born on April 27, 1955

Plobsheim

Plobsheim is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.


1998 Quebec general election

The 1998 Quebec general election was held on November 30. Lucien Bouchard's Parti Québécois won a majority of seats and Jean Charest's Quebec Liberal Party formed the opposition.

Kiril Pandov

Kiril Pandov is a short track speed skater from Bulgaria. Kiril competed at the 2002 Winter Olympics. He was born on March 7, 1983.

Port-Sainte-Foy-et-Ponchapt

Port-Sainte-Foy-et-Ponchapt is a commune. It is in Nouvelle-Aquitaine in the Dordogne department in southwest France.


Preuschdorf

Preuschdorf is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Miroslav Boyadzhiev

Miroslav Boyadzhiev is a short track speed skater from Bulgaria. Miroslav competed at the 2002 Winter Olympics. He was born on July 18, 1979.

Printzheim

Printzheim is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Puberg

Puberg is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Quatzenheim

Quatzenheim is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Ranrupt

Ranrupt is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Tommy Davidson

Thomas Davidson (born November 10, 1963) is an American comedian and actor. He was an original cast member on the sketch comedy TV show "In Living Color" (1990-1994), Mitchell on "Between Brothers" (1997–1999), Dexter on "Malcolm & Eddie" (1999–2000), Oscar Proud on "The Proud Family" (2001–2005) & its 2022 , Rushon in "Booty Call" (1997), Womack in "Bamboozled" (2000), "Black Dynamite" (2009) and its subsequent television series. In 2022, Davidson appeared on Storybound reading from his book, "Living in Color: What's Funny about Me".
Geestland

Geestland is a town in Cuxhaven in Lower Saxony, Germany. It was created on 1 January 2015 by the merger of the former municipalities of Langen bei Bremerhaven, Bad Bederkesa, Drangstedt, Elmlohe, Flögeln, Köhlen, Kührstedt, Lintig and Ringstedt.

1994 Quebec general election

The 1994 Quebec general election was held on September 12. Lucien Bouchard's Parti Québécois won a majority of seats and Daniel Johnson Jr.'s Quebec Liberal Party formed the opposition.

Langen, Cuxhaven

Langen bei Bremerhaven is a town and a former municipality in Cuxhaven in Lower Saxony, Germany. Since 1 January 2015, it is part of the town of Geestland. It is about 7 km north of the centre of Bremerhaven and 30 km south of Cuxhaven.

Bad Bederkesa

Bad Bederkesa is a spa town and used to be a municipality in Cuxhaven in Lower Saxony, Germany. Since 1 January 2015, it is part of the town of Geestland. It is about 20 km northeast of Bremerhaven and 30 km southeast of Cuxhaven. Bad Bederkesa was the capital of the former collective municipality Bederkesa.

Drangstedt

Drangstedt used to be a municipality in Cuxhaven in Lower Saxony, Germany. Since 1 January 2015, it is part of the town of Geestland.

Elmlohe

Elmlohe used to be a municipality in Cuxhaven in Lower Saxony, Germany. Since 1 January 2015, it is part of the town of Geestland.

Nouadhibou

Nouadhibou (; , Berber: Nwadibu, formerly in French: ) is the second-biggest city in Mauritania. It is the capital of the Dahklet Nouadhibou Region.
The town was first made as a small fishing port. It was owned by the Portuguese, then the Dutch, and then the French.

The Nouadhibou Regional Hospital was opened in 2017. It took five years to make it. It is the biggest hospital in the area.

Regions of Mauritania

Mauritania has 15 regions:
Mauritania occupied part of Western Sahara from 1975 to 1979. While there, its part of the area was called Tiris al-Gharbiyya.

The regions are split into 44 departments.

Chandelier (song)

"Chandelier" is a 2014 song by Australian singer-songwriter Sia and is the lead single from her sixth studio album "1000 Forms of Fear". It topped the single charts in France, Greece and Poland. It went to the top 10 in Australia, Austria, Belgium, Canada, the Czech Republic, Denmark, Finland, Germany, Hungary, Iceland, Ireland, Italy, Lebanon, New Zealand, Norway, Romania, Slovakia, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, the United Kingdom and the United States. It is an electropop song.

The song was nominated for an Grammy Award in 2015.

The music video features American dancer Maddie Ziegler.

2023–24 Austrian Cup

The 2023–24 Austrian Cup is the 93rd edition of the national cup in Austrian football. SK Sturm Graz are the defending champions.


Queen Charlotte Strait

Queen Charlotte Strait is a strait between Vancouver Island and the rest of British Columbia in Canada. It connects Queen Charlotte Sound to Johnstone Strait and Discovery Passage. It also goes through them to connect Queen Charlotte Sound to the Strait of Georgia and Puget Sound. It is part of the Inside Passage, which goes from Washington to Alaska.

James Strange named it Queen Charlotte Sound on August 5, 1786. He named it after Queen Charlotte. She was the wife of King George III. Queen Charlotte Strait was called Queen Charlotte Sound until 1920. In 1920, the BCGNIS and Hydrographic Service said that Queen Charlotte Sound and Queen Charlotte Strait were not the same.

According to the BC Geographical Names, the northern border of Queen Charlotte Strait is a line across Cape Sutil, at the north end of Vancouver Island, to Cape Caution on the mainland. The southern border of Queen Charlotte Strait is a group of narrow channels north and east of Malcolm Island.

Andrew Lambrou

Andrew Lambrou (born 25 May 1998) is an Australian-Cypriot singer. He was born in Sydney and his family is Greek-Cypriot. 

He competed in "The X Factor Australia" in 2015, but failed to make it to the final. In 2021, he released his first single, "Throne". 

In 2023, Lambrou represented Cyprus in Eurovision 2023 with the song "Break a Broken Heart". He finished in 12th place out 26 finalists.

Rhacophorus tuberculatus

The warty flying frog, tuberculate tree frog, or round-tubercled tree frog ("Rhacophorus tuberculatus") is a frog. It lives in India. Scientists think it might also live in Bhutan, Myanmar, and Nepal.

Consonno

Consonno is a part of the town of Olginate, near Como, in Italy. It is a ghost town today. The village has a long history, going back to the 11th century. In the 1960s, Mario Bagno bought the village. Most of the buildings were demolished, and a resort-type area was built. Bagno wanted to build something resembling Las Vegas, in the United States. In 1976, there was a landslide, which made the place inaccessible. Consonno, which had been popular, fell into decay. Today, no one lives there. Bagno died in the mid-1990s. Since then there had been different plans to re-populate the place.

Switch Mobility

Switch Mobility (originally called Optare) is an English bus builder founded in 1985 in Sherburn-in-Elmet, North Yorkshire. In 2020 Ashok Leyland bought the company and renamed it to Switch Mobility. In 2021 they announced they were building diesel-powered vehicles and work on alternative fuels like compressed natural gas (CNG), liquefied natural gas (LNG) and hydrogen.




Current
eLCV Dost


Trarza Region

Trarza () is a region in southwest Mauritania. Its capital is Rosso. Mederdra and Boutilimit are other towns there. Trarza has borders near the regions of Inchiri and Adrar to the north and Brakna to the east. It also has borders near the country of Senegal to the south and the Atlantic Ocean to the west. The Mauritanian capital Nouakchott only has borders near this region.

Rosso

Rosso is a major city in southwestern Mauritania. It is the capital of the Trarza region. It is at the top of the Senegal River. The town is 204 km south of the capital Nouakchott.
Rosso was the capital of the Emirate of Trarza before it was taken over by France.

Brakna Region

Brakna () is a region in southwest Mauritania. Its capital is Aleg. Boghé is another major town in the region. The region has borders near the Mauritanian regions of Tagant to the northeast and Assaba and Gorgol to the southeast. It also has a border with Trarza to the northwest.
The Senegal River in the southwest is at the region's border with Senegal.

Many Rivers to Cross

"Many Rivers to Cross" is a 1969 song by Jamaican singer Jimmy Cliff and was taken from his self-titled album "Jimmy Cliff" and was used in the 1972 movie "The Harder They Come". It went on to be covered by numerous artists including UB40 in 1983, Cher in 1993 and Annie Lennox in 2008.

Oliver Lukic

Oliver Lukic (born 22 September 2006) is an Austrian footballer. He plays as midfielder for FC Liefering in the 2nd Austrian Bundesliga.

Lukic started his career at FK Austria Wien. He also played in the academy from the 2020/21 season. 2022 he moved to the academy of FC Red Bull Salzburg. On 13 May 2023 he was in the FC Liefering squad for the first time against SK Rapid Wien II. On 19 May he made his debut for Liefering in the 2nd division when he came on for Zeteny Jano in the 75th minute against SV Lafnitz.
He played in the Austrian under-16 national team for the first time in September 2021. In September 2022 he made his debut against Denmark in the under-17 team.

I Want It All (Queen song)

"I Want It All" is a 1989 song by British rock group Queen and is the leading single from their 13th studio album "The Miracle". It went to the top 10 in the United Kingdom, Australia, New Zealand, Belgium, Ireland, France, the Netherlands, Italy, Norway, Germany and Switzerland. It also charted in Canada where it made #34 and the United States where it made #50.

7-inch Single

A Side. "I Want It All" (single version) - 4:01

B Side. "Hang on in There" - 3:45

12-inch and CD single

1/A Side. "I Want It All" (single version) - 4:01

2/B1. "Hang on in There" - 3:45

3/B2. "I Want It All" (album version) - 4:41

Tony Clarke

Tony Clarke (born 31 May 1959) is a retired sports shooter from New Zealand. Tony competed at the 1984 Summer Olympics. He was born on May 31, 1959.

Hagen Bower

Hagen Bower is a retired table tennis player from New Zealand Hagen competed at the 1992 Summer Olympics. He was born on June 10, 1972.

Peter Breakwell

Peter Breakwell is a retired equestrian from New Zealand. Peter competed at the 2000 Summer Olympics. He was born on October 25, 1957.

Martin Brill

Martin Leonard Brill is a retired fencer from New Zealand. Martin competed at the 1984 and 1988 Summer Olympics. He was born on April 7, 1956.

Kevin Blake

Kevin Blake is a retired weightlifter from New Zealand. Kevin competed at the 1984 Summer Olympics and the 1988 Summer Olympics. He was born on November 30, 1960.

Dinesh Kunwar Patel

Dinesh Kunwar Patel, is an Indian, scientist and educator. He made World Record, by his innovation and development i.e. ""World's Most languages speaking Social and Educational Humanoid Robot Teacher 'Shalu'"." He is working as a Computer Science teacher in Kendriya Vidyalaya Sangathan (KVS), and posted in Mumbai, India.

Dinesh was born in a small village of Jaunpur district, Uttar Pradesh. He completed his primary education in his village and then studied Master's in Computer Application (MCA) at Allahabad University

In the year 2007, He got selected as a PGT(Comp.Sc.) in Kendriya Vidyalaya Sangathan (KVS). During his teaching carrier, he watched the movie "Robot" in 2010, acted by actor Rajinikanth (S. Shankar directed Enthiran) and start dreaming of a humanoid robot like 'Chitti' (character of the film 'Robot'). He started working on Robotics and Artificial Intelligence (AI) in the year 2017, when he and his students saw the robot Sophia and had a discussion in class with the students "Can't we Indians make this type of robot?", finally his dream comes true in form of Robot Shalu. Dinesh is married with Reeta Patel and has a son Anubhav Dinesh Patel.

He is a poet, musician and magician., he has done Prabhakar in 'Tabla' from Prayag Sangeet Samit, Allahabad(UP), acting course from Uttar Pradesh Sangeet Natak Academy, Lucknow(UP). He also plays Flute, his poetry published at National and State level.

Ministry of Corporate Affairs (India), Ministry of Education (India), Vigyan Prasar, Ministry of Science and Technology (India), and Council of Scientific and Industrial Research (CSIR) (Govt. of India).

Professor Supratik Chakraborty, Computer Science, and Engineering department of IIT Bombay, appreciated the robot through a letter to Patel. In the letter, he said that it is really a great development. Such a robot can be used in the field of education, entertainment, and several other fields too. Shalu can be an inspiration for the next generation of scientists, as well as the Professors of IIT Dhanbad, NIT Durgapur, K.J.Somaiya College of Engineering, PIEMR Indore, SAGE University Bhopal, and other Institutions; appreciated the work of Mr. Patel.

He has received numerous awards/recognitions, such as:



If I Can't Have You (Bee Gees song)

"If I Can't Have You" is a 1977 song written by the Bee Gees and is the A-side to their hit song "Stayin' Alive" and was made famous by Yvonne Elliman. It was used in the 1977 movie "Saturday Night Fever" and made number 1 in the United States and Canada, number 6 in New Zealand, number 4 in the United Kingdom, number 5 in France, number 9 in Australia and number 20 in Ireland. It went on to be covered by Kim Wilde and Jess Glynne.

2023 New South Wales state election

The 2023 New South Wales state election was held on 26 March 2023 to elect the 58th Parliament of New South Wales, including all 93 seats in the Legislative Assembly and 21 of the 42 seats in the Legislative Council. It was conducted by the New South Wales Electoral Commission (NSWEC).

The incumbent minority Liberal/National Coalition government, led by Premier Dominic Perrottet, tried to win a fourth four-year term in government, but lost to the Labor Party, led by Chris Minns.

This election ended 12 years of Coalition government in New South Wales, the longest period of conservative government in the state's history. It was also the second time in history that the Labor Party has controlled the federal government and all mainland state/territory governments (leaving Tasmania as the last state with a Liberal government); this was first achieved in 2007 when Labor controlled the federal government and all state and territory governments until 2008.

Although the Coalition lost, Labor did not win a majority government, falling two seats short. Three independents (Alex Greenwich, Joe McGirr and Greg Piper) agreed to give confidence and supply to the Labor Party, allowing them to form government, just like before when they gave confidence and supply to the Coalition when it went into a minority government in 2022. Piper made a deal to become Speaker of the Legislative Assembly, a role he prepared for by being Deputy Speaker.

In the Legislative Assembly, Labor Party won 45 seats (two short of the 47 needed for a majority), the Coalition won 36 (with the Liberals winning 25 and the Nationals winning 11), the Greens won three and independents won nine. In the Legislative Council, Labor won eight seats, the Coalition won seven, the Greens and One Nation won two each and the Legalise Cannabis party, the Liberal Democrats and the Shooters, Fishers and Farmers Party all won a seat each. This brings the Legislative Council totals to 15 seats each for Labor and the Coalition, four seats for the Greens, three seats for One Nation, two seats for the Shooters, Fishers and Farmers Party and a seat each for the Legalise Cannabis party, the Liberal Democrats and the Animal Justice Party.

2027 New South Wales state election

The 2027 New South Wales state election will be held no earlier than 30 January 2027 and no later than 27 March 2027 to elect the 59th Parliament of New South Wales, including all 93 seats in the Legislative Assembly and 21 of the 42 seats in the Legislative Council. It will be conducted by the New South Wales Electoral Commission (NSWEC).

The incumbent Labor minority government, led by Premier Chris Minns, will try and win a second consecutive term in government, opposed by the Liberal/National Coalition, led by Opposition Leader Mark Speakman.

Shalu Robot

Robot Shalu is a humanoid robot. It can speak more languages than any other social and education humanoid robot. Shalu can speak 47 languages. She has been developed by Dinesh Kunwar Patel, a computer teacher at Kendriya VIdyalaya Sangathan in Mumbai, India. He is from Jaunpur (Uttar Pradesh) The robot is fully made-up by recycled materials

Shalu is being recognized as one of the top ten humanoid robots of the world. It is also in top 5 Indian robots trending in the global Tech Market.

Educational Robot Teacher Shalu is working as a teacher, and teaching 6 subjects in 47 different languages, from classes 6 to 11 in a Kendriya Vidyalaya of Mumbai, India. 

Robot Teacher Shalu is in the curriculum of Artificial Intelligence in class 9 of CBSE (Central Board of Secondary Education), and in the Kendriya VIdyalaya 's Computer syllabus of class 6.

Robot Teacher Shalu has received various World Records



2019 New South Wales state election

The 2019 New South Wales state election was held on 23 March 2019 to elect the 57th Parliament of New South Wales, including all 93 seats in the Legislative Assembly and 21 of the 42 seats in the Legislative Council. It was conducted by the New South Wales Electoral Commission (NSWEC).

The incumbent Liberal/National Coalition government, led by Premier Gladys Berejiklian, won a third consecutive term in government, opposed by the Labor Party, led by Michael Daley. It was the first time since 1971 that the Coalition won a third term in government in New South Wales.

Berejiklian became the third woman to lead a party to a victory at a state election in Australian history (after Queensland's Anna Bligh and Annastacia Palaszczuk; note that the territories are not states) and the first non-Labor woman to do so, as well as the first woman outside Queensland to win a state election.

In the Legislative Assembly, Coalition held on to its majority, winning 48 seats, while the Labor Party won 36 and the crossbench was made up of nine seats, three each for the Greens, the Shooters, Fishers and Farmers Party and independents. In the Legislative Council, the Coalition won eight seats, Labor won seven, the Greens won two, One Nation won two and the Shooters, Fishers and Farmers Party and the Animal Justice Party won a seat each. This brings the seat totals to 17 for the Coalition, 14 for Labor, four for the Greens, two each for One Nation, the Shooters, Fishers and Farmers Party and the Animal Justice Party and one seat for the Christian Democrats.

Pinky Dinky Doo

Pinky Dinky Doo is an animated children's television series created by Jim Jinkins. It was produced and co-owned by Jinkins' Cartoon Pizza and Sesame Workshop. The series was made in association with Discovery Kids Latin America, and the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation (season 1). For the second season, Abrams Gentile Entertainment, and the Canadian studio Keyframe Digital Productions joined as production companies. Each episode follows an imaginative pink-haired girl named Pinky Dinky Doo, her brother Tyler and pet Mr. Guinea Pig as she makes up her own stories.

2015 New South Wales state election

The 2015 New South Wales state election was held on 28 March 2015 to elect the 56th Parliament of New South Wales, including all 93 seats in the Legislative Assembly and 21 of the 42 seats in the Legislative Council.

The incumbent Liberal/National Coalition government, led by Premier Mike Baird, won a second consecutive term in government, opposed by the Labor Party, led by Luke Foley.

The Coalition's supermajority was reduced by 15 seats as Labor gained back the heartland seats it lost at the previous state election, which the Coalition won in a landslide.

In the Legislative Assembly, the Coalition won 52 seats, Labor won 34, the Greens won three and independents won two. In the Legislative Council, the Coalition won nine seats (with a total of 20), Labor won seven (with a total of 12), the Greens won two (with a total of five), the Shooters, Fishers and Farmers Party won one (with a total of two), the Christian Democrats won one (with a total of two) and the Animal Justice Party won one (with a total of one).

2011 New South Wales state election

The 2011 New South Wales state election was held on 26 March 2011 to elect the 55th Parliament of New South Wales, including all 93 seats in the Legislative Assembly and 21 of the 42 seats in the Legislative Council. It was conducted by the New South Wales Electoral Commission (NSWEC).

The incumbent Labor government, led by Premier Kristina Keneally, tried to win a fifth consecutive term in government, but were defeated by the Liberal/National Coalition, led by Barry O'Farrell, in a landslide.

Labor had a two-party swing against them of 16.48%, the largest swing against a sitting government in Australia since World War II. The Coalition won the largest majority government in New South Wales history, winning 69 seats in the Legislative Assembly (or 74.2% of the chamber). It was one of the worst defeats of a sitting Australian government since Federation in 1901. Labor won its lowest ever seat total, winning only 20 seats.

In the Legislative Assembly, the Coalition won 69 seats, Labor won 20, the Greens won one and independents won three. In the Legislative Council, the Coalition won 11 seats (with a total of 19), Labor won five (with a total of 14), the Greens won three (with a total of five), the Shooters, Fishers and Farmers Party won one (with at total of two) and the Christian Democrats won one (with a total of two).

Driving Wheels

"Driving Wheels" is a 1988 song by Australian singer Jimmy Barnes and is the second single from his third studio album "Freight Train Heart". It went to number 19 in New Zealand and number 12 in Australia.

7" single (K 488) /12" single (X 13308)

Soul Deep (Jimmy Barnes album)

Soul Deep is the fifth studio album by Australian singer Jimmy Barnes and released 8 November, 1991 through Mushroom Records. It went to number 1 in Australia and number 3 in New Zealand. It is a cover of soul classics.

Barnes toured Australia with "Soul Deep" and recorded the concert at Melbourne's Palais Theatre. It was released on VHS, and later, DVD. The DVD and audio of the concert on CD was later included with a limited deluxe edition of the "Soul Deep 30" reissue. 


2010 Australian federal election

The 2010 Australian federal election was held on 21 August 2010 to elect the 43rd Parliament of Australia. It was conducted by the Australian Electoral Commission (AEC).

The incumbent Labor government, led by Prime Minister Julia Gillard, won a second consecutive term in government, opposed by the Liberal/National Coalition, led by Opposition Leader Tony Abbott, in a minority government.

The result delivered a hung parliament, with both major parties winning 72 seats. The Greens won one seat, the WA Nationals won one seat and independents won four seats.

It is the most recent Australian federal election to have been won by a Prime Minister from a state other than New South Wales.

2022 Victorian state election

The 2022 Victorian state election was held on 26 November 2022 to elect the 60th Parliament of Victoria, including 87 of the 88 seats in the Legislative Assembly and all 40 seats in the Legislative Council. The seat of Narracan was not up for election, with the election there being postponed due to the death of a candidate, causing a by-election. The election was conducted by the Victorian Electoral Commission (VEC).

The incumbent Labor government, led by Premier Daniel Andrews, won a third term in government, opposed by the Liberal/National Coalition, led by Matthew Guy.

The election was referred to by many as a referendum on the Andrews government's response to the COVID-19 pandemic, which notably involved several unpopular lockdowns. However, the Andrews government was re-elected with the Labor Party's second highest number of seats in Victorian history, despite a two-party swing against them of 2.50%.

2026 Victorian state election

The 2026 Victorian state election will probably be held on 28 November 2026 to elect the 61st Parliament of Victoria, including all 88 seats in the Legislative Assembly and all 40 seats in the Legislative Council. It will be conducted by the Victorian Electoral Commission (VEC).

The incumbent Labor government, led by Premier Daniel Andrews, will try and win a fourth consecutive term in government, opposed by the Liberal/National Coalition, led by John Pesutto.

2018 Victorian state election

The 2018 Victorian state election was held on 24 November 2018 to elect the 59th Parliament of Victoria, including all 88 seats in the Legislative Assembly and all 40 seats in the Legislative Council. It was conducted by the Victorian Electoral Commission (VEC).

The incumbent Labor government, led by Premier Daniel Andrews, won a second term in government, opposed by the Liberal/National Coalition, led by Matthew Guy, in a landslide. The election was nicknamed the "Danslide", a a word combining the words "Dan" and "landslide".

2014 Victorian state election

The 2014 Victorian state election was held on 29 November 2024 to elect the 58th Parliament of Victoria, including all 88 seats in the Legislative Assembly and all 40 seats in the Legislative Council.

The incumbent Liberal/National Coalition government, led by Premier Denis Napthine, tried to win a second term in government, but lost to the Labor Party, led by Daniel Andrews.

2010 Victorian state election

The 2010 Victorian state election was held on 27 November 2010 to elect the 57th Parliament of Victoria, including all 88 members of the Legislative Assembly and all 40 seats in the Legislative Council. It was conducted by the Victorian Electoral Commission (VEC).

The incumbent Labor government, led by Premier John Brumby, tried to win a fourth term in government, but lost to the Liberal/National Coalition, led by Ted Baillieu.

Assaba Region

Assaba () is a region in southern Mauritania. Its capital is Kiffa. The region has borders near the Mauritanian regions of Brakna and Tagant to the north and the Mauritanian region of Hodh El Gharbi to the east. It also has borders near the Mauritanian regions of Gorgol and Guidimaka to the west. It is north of the country of Mali. The Aoukar basin is in the north and the east of the central part of Assaba.

Rhacophorus margaritifer

The Java flying frog, Javan tree frog, or round-tubercled tree frog ("Rhacophorus margaritifer") is a frog. It lives in Indonesia. Scientists have seen it 1000 meters above sea level.

Murder of Bella Bond

Bella Neveah Amoroso Bond (6 August 2012 — body discovered: 25 June 2015), was an American girl whose body was discovered in a plastic bag in a Boston beach on June 25, 2015. Bond was positively identified on 18 September of that same year, with her parents being charged with her death. 
Bella Neveah Amoroso Bond was born on August 6, 2012, in Boston, Massachusetts in the U.S., to Joseph "Joe" Amoroso and Rachelle Bond. Bond spent most of her life in or around Boston.

C. N. R. Rao

Chintamani Nagesa Ramachandra Rao, (born 30 June 1934), is an Indian chemist. He has worked mainly in solid-state and structural chemistry. He has written around 1,774 research publications and 56 books. He seen as a scientist who had won all possible awards in his field except the Nobel Prize in Chemistry.

Matsuura River

Matsuura River (松浦川, Matsuuragawa)  is a river in Japan on the island of Kyushu . It flows through the territory of Saga Prefecture

The source of the river is located under Mount Seira (青螺山, 599 m high), in the city of Takeo . The river flows north through the mountains, the Tanomi (鳥海川) river flows into it there, as well as the Kyuragi River (厳木川) near Ochi village. Below Ochi, Matsuura flows through the plain, merges with the Tokusue River (徳須恵川) and flows into the Karatsu Bay of the Sea of Japan in the city of Karatsu.

The river is 47 km long, about 100 thousand people live in its basin (446 km²). According to the Japanese classification, Matsuura is "a first class river".

About 84% of the river basin is occupied by natural vegetation, about 15% is agricultural land, and about 1% is built up. 

The average spot on the river basin gets 2100 mm of rain per year.

Lloyd Erskine Sandiford

Sir Lloyd Erskine Sandiford, KA, PC (24 March 1937 – 26 June 2023) was a Barbadian politician. He was the fourth Prime Minister of Barbados from 1987 to 1994.

Sandiford died on 26 June 2023 at a hospital in Bridgetown, Barbados at the age of 86.

Kuni no miyatsuko

, also read as kokuzō or kunitsuko, were people in ancient Japan during the Yamato period who governed provinces called "kuni".

"Kuni no miyatsuko" governed provinces called "kuni" (国). At first "Kuni no miyatsuko" were appointed by the Emperor, but later the position was passed down from father to son. "Kuni no miyatsuko" had noble titles, usually kimi (君) or "atae" (直). But the important ones had the title "omi" (臣).

The position was abolished in the Taika refoms and replaced with the position of Kokushi. The old "kuni no miyatsuko" were given the position of instead. 
Gunji was a religious position responsible for Shinto in each province. These religious officials became known as , or "new" "kuni no miyatsuko". The Gunji often supported the rights of peasants, so the position was abolished by the Emperor. A few "kuni no miyatsuko" families stayed powerful such as the of Izumo Province in present-day eastern Shimane Prefecture.

Ujigami

Ujigami is a word used in Shinto to refer to a god worshipped by a specific family or village. They used to be family only, but over time as more people moved around more people began to worship the Ujigami of a prominent family in their village even if they weren't members of the family, so the concept changed.

Toyouke-hime

Toyouke-hime is a Japanese goddess of agriculture and food. She is worshipped at Ise Grand Shrine.

She may be the same god as Omonoimi no Kami.

Kegare

Kegare is the Shinto term for impurity or defilement. 

2020 Queensland state election

The 2020 Queensland state election was held on 31 October 2020 to elect all 93 members of the Queensland Legislative Assembly. It was conducted by the Electoral Commission of Queensland (ECQ).

The incumbent Labor government, led by Premier Annastacia Palaszczuk, won a third term in government, opposed by the Liberal National Party (LNP), led by Deb Frecklington.

Icchantika

In Mahayana Buddhism the icchantika is a deluded being who can never attain enlightenment (Buddhahood).

2024 Queensland state election

The 2024 Queensland state election will be held on 26 October 2024 to elect all 93 members of the Queensland Legislative Assembly. It will be conducted by the Electoral Commission of Queensland (ECQ).

The incumbent Labor government, led by Annastacia Palaszczuk, will try and win a fourth term in government, opposed by the Liberal National Party (LNP), led by David Crisafulli.

Fu Ssu-nien

Fu Ssu-nien was a Chinese historian and activist.

Radical evil

Radical evil was a phrase used by Immanuel Kant to describe a kind of evil. He described it as a full corruption of a person by evil.. Many authors think it contradicts his general philosophy . 


2017 Queensland state election

The 2017 Queensland state election was held on 25 November 2017 to elect all 93 members of the Queensland Legislative Assembly. It was conducted by the Electoral Commission of Queensland (ECQ).

The incumbent Labor minority government, led by Premier Annastacia Palaszczuk, won a second term in government, opposed by the Liberal National Party (LNP), led by Tim Nicholls. The Labor Party went from a minority government to a majority government at this election.

2015 Queensland state election

The 2015 Queensland state election was held on 31 January 2015 to elect all 89 members of the Queensland Legislative Assembly. It was conducted by the Electoral Commission of Queensland (ECQ).

The incumbent Liberal National government, led by Premier Campbell Newman, tried to win a second term in government, but lost to the Labor Party, led by Annastacia Palaszczuk, after Labor won a minority government. The LNP lost its supermajority and Newman lost his own seat of Ashgrove.

Palaszczuk became the second woman to win a state election in Australia, after Anna Bligh (also from Queensland).

Zhiyi

Zhiyi (; 538–597 CE) also Chen De'an (陳德安), was an important Chinese Buddhist philosopher. Zhiyi is famous for developing a well developed philosophical system for Chinese Buddhism. He is also known for having made a big break with Indian Buddhist traditions.

According to David W. Chappell, Zhiyi "has been ranked with Thomas Aquinas and al-Ghazali as one of the great systematizers of religious thought and practice in world history."



2012 Queensland state election

The 2012 Queensland state election was held on 24 March 2012 to elect the 89 members of the Queensland Legislative Assembly. It was conducted by the Electoral Commission of Queensland.

The incumbent Labor government, led by Premier Anna Bligh, tried to win a ninth term in government, but lost to the Liberal National Party (LNP), led by Campbell Newman, in a landslide. It was a wipeout loss for the Labor Party, which only won seven seats, its worst ever seat total. Newman won the largest majority government in Queensland history.

A Treatise of Human Nature

State of nature

The State of nature is a philosophical idea linked to social contract theory. It is notable in the philosophies of philosophers like John Locke, Thomas Hobbes, and Jean-Jacques Rousseau. It refers to the idea of how humans act without being influenced by society

Locke saw the state of nature as involving simple trade between people

Hobbes saw the state of nature as being highly violent. A war of all against all where life is nasty brutish and short

Rousseau saw the state of nature as being generally good but without order

Mount Tai

Mount Tai () is a mountain in Sandong province, China. It is very important in Chinese culture. It is tall.

Cangdi is the deity traditionally said to rule the mountain. The famous festival Feng Shan happens on the mountain.



Shaye Boddington

Shaye Boddington is a diver from New Zealand. Shaye competed at the 2019 World Aquatics Championships. She was born on April 20, 1986.

Michael Bernard

Michael Bernard is a retired weightlifter from New Zealand. Michael competed at the 1984 Summer Olympics. He was born on September 27, 1957.

Taveuni Ofisa

Taveuni Ofisa is a retired weightlifter from Samoa. Taveuni competed at the 1988 Summer Olympics. He was born on July 14, 1964.

Hayley Jensen

Hayley Nicole Kayla Jensen is a cricketer from New Zealand. Hayley plays for the ACT Meteors and in the Women's Big Bash League. She was born on October 7, 1992.

Rhacophorus viridimaculatus

The green spotted tree frog ("Rhacophorus viridimaculatus") is a frog. It lives in Vietnam in Ha Giang Province and Tuyen Quang Province. Scientists think it might also live in China, in Guangxi Province. Scientists have seen it between 600 and 1300 meters above sea level.

List of Nepal ODI cricketers

This list has all members of the Nepal cricket team who have played at least one ODI match. It is arranged in the order in which each player won his ODI cap. Where more than one player won his first ODI cap in the same match, those players are listed alphabetically by surname.

Statistics are correct as of 24 June 2023."

It's a Miracle (Culture Club song)

"It's a Miracle" is a 1984 song by English new wave band Culture Club and is the fifth and final single from their second studio album "Colour by Numbers". It went to number 4 in the United Kingdom, number 13 in the United States, number 5 in Canada and number 14 in Australia.

A. "It's a Miracle"
B. "Love Twist (Live)"

A. "It's a Miracle"
B. "Miss Me Blind"

A1. "It's a Miracle/Miss Me Blind (Multimix)"
B1. "Love Twist (Live)"
B2. "Melting Pot (Live)"

Bellows camera

A bellows camera is a type of camera designed in the era of the daguerreotype ( years 1840-1850 ) and, with many improvements, still in use today. It comprises a flexible bellows that forms a light-tight seal between two adjustable frames, the frontal one with the lens, and the other on the back of the camera with the ground-glass screen that will be replaced by the photographic film holder to take de photo. 

The bellows is flexible, with an accordion fold. It covers the space between the lens and the film, and flexes to accommodate frame movements. The front frame is a plate at the front of the camera that holds the lens and usually a shutter.

On the back side of the camera, there is a ground-glass screen, used to focus and compose the image before exposure, and is replaced by holder with the sensitive film, a photographic plate or a digital image sensor, to take the shot. The front and rear frames can be moved in various ways relative to each other, unlike most other types of cameras. This allows to control the focus, depth of field and perspective . The camera is normally used with a tripod or a similar type of support.

In photography, the bellows is a foldable part that is used in large and medium format photographic cameras, to allow the movement of the lenses with respect to the focal plane for a suitable focus, used in certain camera models such as the one in the picture..

There are two types of bellows:


In the Night Garden...

In the Night Garden... is a British preschool children's television series created, written and composed by Teletubbies co-creator Andrew Davenport for CBeebies and BBC Two and CBBC. produced by Ragdoll Productions. The show was aimed at children aged from one to six years old. The programme is narrated by Derek Jacobi. It is filmed mostly in live action and features a mix of actors in costume, stop motion, puppetry and CGI animation. In 2010, the BBC confirmed that it would not be commissioning a third series.


Ōyamatsumi

Ōyamatsumi is a Mountain God in Shinto and the father of Ashinazuchi and Tenazuchi. He is also the father of Konohana Sakuya.

His name ends with Mi which is an honorific particle used to express authority or divinity in Old Japanese.

Werner Gregoritsch

Werner Gregoritsch (born 22 March 1958) is an Austrian football manager and former player. He manages the Austria U21 national team.
He started with Grazer AK. There he won the Austrian youth championship in 1976. In this year he also made his debut in the GAK first team at the age of 17. From 1981 to 1983 he played for VOEST Linz from 1981 to 1983. Then he played another season in Graz. In the 1984/1985 season he played for Vienna in the Bundesliga. Here ended his career in Austria's top division. Between 1986 and 1987 he played one and a half seasons in the 2nd Bundesliga at DSV Leoben. Another station as a player was Deutschlandsberger SC. His coaching career began in 1989 with the Burgenland club SV Güssing as a player-coach. With a stop at ASK Schlaining, he came back to Graz and played for ESK Graz. In the beginning he was player-coach, then only coach.
He began his coaching career in April 2000 as head coach at Grazer AK. He was already working as a youth coach and amateur coach at his home club. In autumn 2001, however, after a few defeats and disagreements with the team, he was dismissed by the GAK Presidium and replaced by Christian Keglevits.

From 2002 to mid-2004 he was coach of SV Mattersburg. In the 2002/03 season he reached the promotion to the Bundesliga. From 2004 till 2006 he became coach of LASK. In September 2006 Werner Gregoritsch became new coach of SV Kapfenberg. With the team he was promoted to the Bundesliga in the 2007/08 season. On 22 November 2011 it was announced that Kapfenberg SV has dissolved the contract with Gregoritsch. The reason given was the consistently poor performance of the Kapfenberg team in this season.

On 20 January 2012, the ÖFB told that Werner Gregoritsch had been appointed as the successor to Andreas Herzog as coach of the Austria U21 team.
Gregoritsch's son, Michael, is the youngest goalscorer in the history of the Austrian Bundesliga. He scored his first goal at the age of 15 years and 361 days.

Case of the Ex

"Case of the Ex" (sometimes subtitled "Whatcha Gonna Do") is a 2000 song by American singer Mýa. It was taken from her second studio album "Fear of Flying". It went to number 1 in Australia, number 3 in the United Kingdom, number 2 in the United States, number 14 in Canada, number 17 in New Zealand, number 15 in Scotland, number 8 in the Netherlands and number 12 in Ireland.

US CD single

US 12-inch single

UK CD single
UK 12-inch single

UK cassette single

European CD single

Australian CD single

The Dolphin's Cry

"The Dolphin's Cry" is a 1999 song by American alternative rock band Live. It is the leading single from their fourth studio album "The Distance to Here". It went to number 62 in the United Kingdom, number 65 in Scotland, number 78 in the United States and number 1 in Iceland. It also made the top 50 in Australia, the Netherlands and New Zealand.

UK CD1

UK CD2

European CD single

Australian and South African CD single

Ukanomitama

Ukanomitama is a Shinto kami. She is linked to Buddhism She is considered to be the same deity as Omonoimimi no kami, and Toyouke no Okami, and Inari Okami.

Sunset (Bird of Prey)

"Sunset (Bird of Prey)" is a 2000 song by English singer Fatboy Slim. It is the leading single from his third studio album "Halfway Between the Gutter and the Stars". It samples The Doors single ""Bird of Prey"" from "An American Prayer". It went to number 9 in the United Kingdom and Scotland, number 49 in New Zealand, number 20 in Norway, number 25 in Ireland and number 63 in Australia.

CD

12-inch

Busselton

Busselton () is a city in Western Australia. It is in the Peel Region.

Pumping on Your Stereo

"Pumping on Your Stereo" is a 1999 song by English band Supergrass. It is the leading single from their third studio album "Supergrass". It went to number 11 in both New Zealand and the United Kingdom, number 13 in Scotland and number 29 in Ireland.

UK CD1 

UK CD2 

UK 7-inch single 

"That (You'll Never Walk Again) was just a demo we did on our eight track," says Goffey. "It's just the three of us around the mic. It's about the riots at France '98, the World Cup. It's just a really stupid song. It just happened. Probably either Gaz or Micky started singing it and we all joined in. Then we overdubbed some stupid cowbells on it."

Doing It All for My Baby

"Doing It All for My Baby" is a 1987 song by Huey Lewis and the News and is the fifth single from their fourth studio album "Fore!". It was their fifth top 10 single from their album and making them the first band to do so. It also went to number 93 in both the United Kingdom and Australia and number 30 in Canada.

Sexcrime (Nineteen Eighty-Four) (song)

"Sexcrime (Nineteen Eighty-Four)" is a 1984 song by Eurythmics. It is the leading single from their album "1984 (For the Love of Big Brother)" and the soundtrack to the 1984 movie "Nineteen Eighty-Four". It went to the top 10 in the United Kingdom, Germany, New Zealand, Australia, Belgium, Ireland, France, Switzerland, Sweden and Norway. It also made number 81 in the United States.




The Passion of Lovers

"The Passion of Lovers" is a 1981 song by English gothic rock band Bauhaus and is the second single from their second studio album "Mask". It peaked at number 56 on the British charts.


Ae Dil Hai Mushkil

Ae Dil Hai Mushkil () is a 2016 Indian Hindi-language musical romantic drama film directed, produced and written by Karan Johar under his banner Dharma Productions. The film stars Ranbir Kapoor, Anushka Sharma and Aishwarya Rai Bachchan.

"Ae Dil Hai Mushkil" released worldwide on 28 October 2016 coinciding with the festival of Diwali. The film's soundtrack was composed by Pritam, lyrics written by Amitabh Bhattacharya and songs sung by Arijit Singh.

Alizeh, an independent woman recovering from a breakup, and Ayan, a naive musician, meet in New York and form an incredible bond. From there, they experience love, heartbreak and the facts of life.


Neha Dhupia

Neha Dhupia is an Indian actress and model. She won the title of Femina Miss India in year 2002 and represented India at Miss Universe 2002. She has worked in several film productions and has made number of reality show appearances.

Her Bollywood debut was with the 2003 film "Qayamat: City Under Threat", which had an average performance at the box office. She rose to fame with her title role in "Julie" and then appeared in "Sheesha" (2005) in a dual role of twin sisters, but it did not do well at the box office. Dhupia then starred in films such as "Kyaa Kool Hai Hum" (2005) and "Shootout at Lokhandwala" (2007), which did well at the box office and featured in a segment of the anthology film "Dus Kahaniyaan" (2007).

In the following years, Dhupia appeared in supporting roles in multiple films including "Chup Chup Ke" (2006), "Ek Chalis Ki Last Local" (2007), "Mithya" (2008), "Maharathi" (2008), and "Singh Is Kinng" (2008) and "Dasvidaniya" (2008). In 2011, she played Eva Braun in the film "Dear Friend Hitler" about Mahatma Gandhi.

Imran Abbas

Syed Imran Abbas Naqvi professionally known by his stage name Imran Abbas, is a Pakistani actor and model who works predominantly in Urdu television. Abbas made his acting debut with Umrao Jaan Ada in 2003 and later on appeared numerous serials. He get widely recognized after portraying Hammad Raza in 2011 series Khuda Aur Mohabbat, which proved to be a turning point in his career.

He made his debut in Bollywood opposite Bipasha Basu in Vikram Bhatt's "Creature 3D", for which he was nominated at Filmfare Award for Best Male Debut category. In 2015, Abbas featured in "Jaanisaar" directed by Muzaffar Ali alongside Pernia Qureshi.

Fawad Khan

Fawad Afzal Khan is a Pakistani actor, producer, screenwriter, model and singer. He has received several awards including a Filmfare Award.

Khan married Sadaf Khan in 2005 after a seven-year courtship. They have three children. Khan and his wife founded Silk by Fawad Khan, a clothing line, whose debut collection was launched in August 2012 in Lahore.

He was diagnosed with Type 1 diabetes at age 17, after an accident which damaged his pancreas. The accident occurred behind a swimming pool, where Khan was scratched and jumped into untreated water. He later realized he had the disease when he lost .

Khan performed Hajj, the annual pilgrimage of Muslims to Makkah, along with his family in 2018 and was therein invited to the Annual Hajj Lunch by King Salman and Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman of Saudi Arabia.

Lisa Haydon

Elisabeth Marie Haydon is an Indian actress, TV presenter and model, who mainly appears in Hindi films. She made her acting debut with the ensemble romantic comedy-drama "Aisha" (2010) and received praise for her performance in the comedy-drama "Queen", which garnered wide recognition and a Best Supporting Actress nomination at Filmfare, among other accolades. Haydon later starred in the commercially successful romantic comedy "Housefull 3 (2016)" and had a brief role in the Karan Johar-directed romantic drama "Ae Dil Hai Mushkil (2016)".

Haydon married Dino Lalvani in October 2016 and together the couple have three children: sons born in 2017 and 2020, and a daughter born in 2021.

She is a trained Bharatnatyam dancer and has trained with Shiamak Davar for five years.

Amitabh Bhattacharya

Amitabh Bhattacharya is an Indian lyricist and playback singer who works in Bollywood films.

He was born into a Bengali family. He completed his schooling at Spring Dale College, Indira Nagar, Lucknow in 1995 and completed his Graduation from Lucknow University in 1999 before venturing out to Mumbai for becoming a singer.

Some of his written songs are "Abhi Mujh Mein Kahin", "Channa Mereya", "Ae Dil Hai Mushkil", "Bulleya", "Kabira", "Balam Pichkari", "Badtameez Dil", "Mast Magan", "Raabta", "Zehnaseeb", "Abhi Mujh Mein Kahin", "Naina", "Khairiyat", "Manja", "Janam Janam" , "Zinda Hoon", "Gerua", "Zaalima", "Sapna Jahan", "Sweetheart", "Namo Namo" "Ghar More Pardesiya", "First Class", "Kalank Title Track", "Param Sundari", "Kesariya", "Tere Pyaar Mein", "O Bedardeya", "Apna Bana Le" etc.

Boardshorts

Boardshorts are a type of swimwear or beachwear. They can also be general casual wear (informal clothing), however they usually don't have big pockets for a phone and wallet like other casual shorts. Boardshorts usually have only a very small inside pocket to hold car keys. Compared to other styles of swimwear or beachwear, they are quite long (approximately knee length) and loose-fitting. They are made of material that is quick-drying. They are generally made from strong and smooth polyester or nylon material. They are very popular with teenaged boys. Boardshorts were popular for boys and men at first, but are now also worn by girls and women. 

Boardshorts are popular to wear at swimming pools and beaches. Originally they were for surfing. They are also popular for wakeboarding, riding jet skis and water skiing. Boardshorts are very popular in North America. They are less popular in other parts of the world, where other suit styles are more common. They are not actually very good for swimming if you want to swim quickly. Tighter, form-fitting, swimwear is better to swim fast. However, most men and boys in the United States and Canada do not like to wear tight beachwear that shows the shape of the penis and testicles. In slang, this shape is sometimes called a manbulge or mooseknuckle. People in Europe do not care so much and are happy to wear tighter and more flexible swimwear.

Boardshorts started in the 1950s. Their popularity spread beyond surfing, especially as the skater (skateboard) punk fashion trend started. They are also commonly worn for men's beach volleyball. 

Boardshorts usually do not have an elastic waist like many swim shorts do; instead they have a more rigid waistband which opens at the front, often with a Velcro (or similar hook and loop technology) fly. To be extra safe, the waistband is also held together at the front with a lace-up string (thin rope) tie. Because there are two ways they are kept from falling down, it is uncommon for boardshorts to come off and be lost in the ocean while surfing in rough waves. 

Although the basic design for boardshorts has not changed much over the years, some companies that make them use new technology. Because surfers and other people who like water-sports usually wear boardshorts without underwear (commonly called "freeballing" or "going commando"), one of the major complaints was about the use of velcro for the fly closure. Velcro can entangle or catch pubic hair. This can hurt. To fix this problem, some companies use a neoprene fly instead. This does not allow the fly to completely open, but provides enough stretch so that the shorts can be easily pulled on and off. Pubic hair does not get caught on the neoprene fly. Velcro is not a big problem for people who keep their pubic hair cut short or shave their pubic hair, as is now common. 

Pritam

Pritam Chakraborty, also known as Pritam, is an Indian composer, instrumentalist, guitarist, and singer. He was born in a Bengali Brahmin family to Anuradha Chakraborty and Prabodh Chakraborty.

He got his first break for Tere Liye (released December 2001). Though the music was well-received, the film missed the mark. In 2002, The Jeet-Pritam duo once again composed music for Yash Raj Films' "Mere Yaar Ki Shaadi Hai". Soon after, Jeet decided to end the partnership..

Dharma Productions

Dharma Productions Pvt. Ltd. is an Indian film production and distribution company established by Yash Johar in 1979. It was taken over in 2004, after his death, by his son, Karan Johar. Based in Mumbai, it mainly produces and distributes Hindi films.

In July 2016, a new sector of the company was launched called Dharma 2.0, which focuses on producing advertising commercials. Another subsidiary of the studio was created in November 2018, called Dharmatic Entertainment, which produces film and television content for online distribution platforms.

Downhearted

"Downhearted" is a 1980 song by Australian band Australian Crawl. It was taken from their debut studio album "The Boys Light Up". It went to number 12 in Australia and number 25 in New Zealand. It was covered by John Farnham for his 2005 album ""I Remember When I Was Young"".


The Joker (Steve Miller Band song)

"The Joker" is a 1973 song by Steve Miller Band and is the title track to their eighth studio album "The Joker". It went to number 1 in the United States and number 2 in Canada on its first release and in 1990 it topped the single charts in the United Kingdom, New Zealand, Australia, Ireland and the Netherlands and made number 2 in Norway after it used in a "Levi's" ad. It was covered by Fatboy Slim in 2005 and made number 32 in the United Kingdom and number 29 in Ireland.

7-inch single (1973)

7-inch single (1983 – live version)

7-inch single (1990)

12-inch maxi (1990)

CD maxi (1990)

Maximilian Hagmayr

Maximilian "Max" Hagmayr (born 16 November 1956) is a former football striker from Austria. During his club career, Hagmayr played for VÖEST Linz, Karlsruher SC, Rapid Wien and LASK Linz. He also played for the Austrian national football team.
Hagmayr started his professional career in 1975 as a striker forSK VOEST Linz. With the team he was runner-up in the 1979–80 championship. He scored 58 goals in 181 league matches for Linz from 1975 to 1982. 

He went to Karlsruher SC for the 1982–83 season. There he played 31 Bundesliga matches. After the relegation of KSC he went back to Austria and played for SK Rapid Wien for the 1982–83 season. Then he went back to Linz and played for LASK. In 1988 he finished his career.
He debuted for Austria on 30 January 1979 in a away 1-0 win versus Israel. His last was on 13 October 1982 in a 2-0 home win versus Northern Ireland. At the 1982 World Cup in Spain, he was a member of the national squad.
After his sports career Hagmayr studied law at the University of Linz. Between 1995 and 1999 he was sports manager at LASK. After that he passed the FIFA license exam as an international players' agent and founded the company HAGMAYR Sportmanagement GmbH in 2001. 

Ajay Banga

Ajaypal Singh Banga (born November 10, 1959) is an Indian-born American business executive. He is currently the President of the World Bank Group. He was vice chairman at General Atlantic, and was before that executive chairman of Mastercard. 

Banga was elected President of the World Bank on May 3, 2023, after being nominated to the position in February 2023 by President Joe Biden.

Arunjit Borah

Arunjit Borah (born July 26, 1977) is an Indian filmmaker. He gained recognition for his work as a director and has been involved in projects such as "Taxii", "Letters from Deuta", "Midnight Song", "Zibah" and "Mini".

Borah was born and raised in Dibrugarh, Assam, India. After completing his schooling, Borah pursued an Executive MBA from "Vinayak Mission University".

After a few years in the corporate sector, Borah decided to pursue his passion for filmmaking. He began his film career as a 1st Assistant Director in the Hindi feature film "Project Marathwada".

Borah gained recognition for his short film "Taxii," which received critical acclaim in various film festivals in India and abroad. The film's engaging storyline and direction showcased Borah's talent as a filmmaker. He collaborated with composer Brandi Thomas from Los Angeles for the film's music. Following "Taxii", Borah directed his second short film, "Letters from Deuta". He then directed a Jammu Tourism TVC titled "Discover Jammu," which highlighted the region's attractions.

In 2021, Borah released his first feature film, "Midnight Song," in the Assamese language. Additionally, Borah directed the Hindi short film "Zibah," exploring the sensitive subject of Female Genital Mutilation, which was screened at "international film festivals" and received awards.



Indigo dye

Indigo dye is an organic molecule that appears dark blue or indigo when applied to cloth. While the indigo plants are the most famous source of indigo dye, other plants are able to produce the same compound, including woad, Pink Strobilanthes, Japanese indigo, and Yoruba indigo.

Astringent

An astringent is a chemical that causes skin tissue to contract. It can be used to heal wounds and acne.

Ghrelin

Ghrelin is a gut hormone. It activates its receptor, the growth hormone GHS-R. Ghrelin's hallmark functions are its stimulatory effects on food intake, fat deposition, and growth hormone release. Ghrelin is famously known as the “hunger hormone”.

Commanding officer

A commanding officer is someone who would lead a certain division. In Paramilitary organizations such as Fire Departments and Police Departments there are members who are given the title of “Commanding Officer”. 

David Corenswet

David Packard Corenswet (born July 8, 1993) is an American actor. He starred in the Netflix series "The Politician" (2019–2020) and "Hollywood" (2020). He will play Superman/Clark Kent in the DC Universe, starting with the upcoming movie "Superman" (2025).

DC Universe (franchise)

The DC Universe (DCU) is an upcoming American media franchise and shared universe based on characters from DC Comics publications. It was created by James Gunn and Peter Safran, co-chairmen and co-CEOs of DC Studios.

The franchise is a soft reboot of the DC Extended Universe (DCEU). The DCU will keep some of the cast members of the DCEU while replacing others. For example, cast members such as Viola Davis (Amanda Waller) and John Cena (Peacemaker) will return, with their characters to be put into the new storyline. Others, such as Henry Cavill (Superman), Ben Affleck (Batman), and Gal Gadot (Wonder Woman) will see new actors take on new versions of their characters.

The story of the DCU is divided into chapters, starting with "Gods and Monsters" which will begin in 2024 with the animated series "Creature Commandos". Gunn and Safran said the chapter's first movie, "Superman" (2025), will be the real beginning of the DCU.

In June 2023, it was confirmed that a new Batman would appear in the universe in the movie "The Brave and the Bold" and would be directed by "The Flash" director Andy Muschietti. This first chapter will include movies about Superman, Batman, Supergirl, "The Authority" and Swamp Thing.

Jonathan Haidt

Jonathan Haidt is an American psychologist who writes about the psychology of morality.

Shooting at the 2022 Asian Para Games

Paralympic shooting at the 2022 Asian Para Games will be held in Hangzhou between 24 and 27 October 2023. The top medalists will secure a spot for the in Paris. Unlike in 2018, there will be 13 events.

Weightlifting at the 2022 Asian Games

Weightlifting at the 2022 Asian Games was scheduled to be held at the Hangzhou International Expo Hall A, Hangzhou, China, from 25 September to 2 October 2023.

Rhacophorus reinwardtii

The green flying frog, small flying tree frog, Reinwardti's frog, Reinwardti's flying frog, Reinwardti's tree frog, Reinwardti's gliding frog, or black-webbed tree frog ("Rhacophorus reinwardtii") is a frog. It lives in Indonesia. Scientists think it might also live in India, Thailand, and Malaysia. Scientists have seen it as high as 1400 meters above sea level.

The adult male frog is about 41.6-52.5 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is about 55.4-79.6 mm long. The skin of the frog's back is dark green with spots. There is also a black stripe on the side with light blue spots. All four feet have webbed skin. The frog's belly is white in color.

This frog lives high in the tree branches. Scientists think the frog eats insects there. The frog comes down to the ground to lay its eggs in pools of water. Many frogs come ot the same pool at the same time.

The tadpoles can be as alarge as 60 mm. The tadpole is gray-brown with black spots.

There are fewer of this frog than there were. Scientists think this is because human beings change the places where the frog lives. This frog needs forests to live in. Human beings turn forests into farms. The frog cannot live in forests that have had more than a little logging or building.

The Distance (Cake song)

"The Distance" is a 1996 song by American band Cake. It is the leading single from their second studio album "Fashion Nugget". It went to number 22 in the United Kingdom, number 20 in Scotland and number 21 in Australia. It did not chart in New Zealand.


Little Einsteins

Little Einsteins is an American animated children's television series based on and produced by the Baby Einstein line of videos owned by The Walt Disney Company and animated by Curious Pictures.



Rhacophorus vanbanicus

The Van Ban tree frog ("Rhacophorus vanbanicus") is a frog. It lives in Vietnam. Scientists have seen it in exactly one place, 900 meters above sea level in the Van Ban District. Scientists think it might also live in China, in Yunnan Province.

Jürgen Werner (footballer, born 1961)

Jürgen Werner (born 3 December 1961 in Wels) is a former Austrian football player. After his active career he worked as a football manager and players' agent. He is sports director of FK Austria Wien.
Jürgen Werner came to SK VOEST Linz via SK Eintracht Wels. After the relegation Jürgen Werner went to SK Sturm Graz in Styria. In 1989 he went back to Linz. As a player Jürgen Werner I then returned to SK Eintracht Wels in 1992. Then he played in lower classes till the end of his career. As manager he led FC Linz until the merger in 1997 and then announced that he would not take part in the newly merged club.

In 1998 Werner founded the "Stars & Friends player agency". He himself worked there as a player consultant. After selling his shares in 2019 he acts as Vice President of the Austrian Bundesliga club LASK. He was accused of incompatible parallel activities. So he was banned from working for 12 months. In February 2023 Werner was presented as the new sports director of FK Austria Wien AG.
He debuted on 10 September.1986 for the Austrian national football team in a 4-0 away loss versus Romania. His last match was on 17 May 1988 in a 4-0 home win versus Hungary. He played in 11 matches for Austria.

I Remember When I Was Young

I Remember When I Was Young (subtitled Songs from The Great Australian Songbook) is a 2005 covers album by Australian singer John Farnham. It was released on 6 November, 2005 and consists of cover versions of Australian artists from the 1970s to the 1990s. It went to number 2 in Australia.

Central Board of Secondary Education

Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE) is an Autonomous Indian national board of education, establish in year 1929 by the Government of India. There are more than 27,000 schools, 240 schools within India and 240 in 28 different foreign countries affiliated by the CBSE, and follows the National Council of Educational Research and Training (NCERT) curriculum especially from class 9 to 12.

The Central Board of Secondary Education conducts the CBSE examinations every year for CBSE students. The Board is known for making their exams application based and not just theoretical. 


Sooryavansham

Sooryavansham is a 1999 Indian Hindi-language romantic musical drama film directed by E. V. V. Satyanarayana. It stars Amitabh Bachchan in dual roles, along with Soundarya, Jayasudha, Rachna Banerjee, Anupam Kher, and Kader Khan. The film is a remake of the 1997 Tamil-language film "Suryavamsam." The story revolves around a traditional father and his uneducated yet obedient son, following their tense relationship and showing how the strict patriarchy causes them to fall apart.

Bhanu Pratap Singh, the village head, does not accept his youngest son, Heera, due to his illiteracy. However, he is determined to overcome all obstacles to fulfil his father's dream of building a hospital.


Rohit Saraf

Rohit Suresh Saraf is an Indian actor who primarily works in Hindi films and series. He began his career on television and made his film debut with a supporting role in "Dear Zindagi" (2016). He gained wide recognition in the Netflix romantic comedy series "Mismatched".

Anushka Sen

Anushka Sen is an Indian television actress and model known for her role of Meher in the children fantasy show, "Baal Veer". She has also played Manikarnika Rao/Rani Lakshmi Bai in the Indian historical drama television series "Jhansi Ki Rani".

Sen was born in Ranchi in a Bengali Baidya family, later moving to Mumbai along with her family. She studied at Ryan International School, Kandivali in 12th standard as a commerce student. As of 2021, she is pursuing a degree in filmography at Thakur College of Science and Commerce, Mumbai.

Mohit Suri

Mohit Suri is an Indian film director. Born into the Bhatt family, he is well known for directing the films Murder 2 (2011), the musical romance Aashiqui 2 (2013) and the romantic thrillers Awarapan (2007), Ek Villain (2014) and Malang (2020). He has been married to Udita Goswami since 2013.

Mohit Suri was born and brought up in Mumbai. His father Daksh Suri worked for Dunlop in Chennai and his mother was an air hostess. He has one sister, former actress Smiley Suri.

Filmfare Awards

The Filmfare Awards are annual awards that honour artistic and technical excellence in the Hindi-language film industry of India. The Filmfare ceremony is one of the most famous film events in India. The awards were first introduced by the Filmfare magazine of The Times Group in 1954, the same year as the National Film Awards. They were initially referred to as the "Clare Awards" or "The Clares" after Clare Mendonca, the editor of "The Times of India".

A Kind of Magic (song)

"A Kind of Magic" is a 1986 song by Queen and is the title track of the 12th studio album "A Kind of Magic". It topped the single charts in Spain and Argentina and made number 3 in Ireland, Switzerland, the United Kingdom, number 23 in New Zealand, number 16 in Finland, number 6 in Germany and Australia, number 5 in France and number 4 in the Netherlands. It was used in the 1986 movie "Highlander".

Kushinadahime

, also known as or Inadahime, is a goddess ("kami") in Japanese mythology and in Shinto. She is married Susanoo, who rescued her from the monster Yamata no Orochi. As Susanoo's wife, she is a central deity of the Gion cult and worshipped at Yasaka Shrine.


Tara Westover

Tara Westover is an American memoirist, essayist and historian. Her memoir "Educated" (2018) debuted at No. 1 on "The New York Times" bestseller list. She was chosen by "Time" magazine as one of the 100 most influential people of 2019.

Westover was the youngest of seven children born in Clifton, Idaho (population 259) to Mormon survivalist parents. She has five older brothers and an older sister. Her parents were suspicious of doctors, hospitals, public schools, and the federal government. Westover was born at home, delivered by a midwife, and was never taken to a doctor or nurse.<ref name="opb/rebroadcast-tara-westover"></ref> She was not registered for a birth certificate until she was nine years old. Their father resisted getting formal medical treatment for any of the family. Even when seriously injured, the children were treated only by their mother with the common method of herbalism.

She lives in London.<ref name="news-gazette/ph-d-from-cambridge"></ref>

Tajimamori

Emperor Suinin commanded Tajimamori get a magical fruit called . To find it he went to , after ten years he returned but Suinin was dead already. Tajimamori gave half of his branches to Suinin's widow and half to his tomb and then died.
Tajimamori is worshipped as the god of sweets in in Hyōgo Prefecture. He is mainly worshipped by people who make candy.

Prajakta Koli

Prajakta Koli known for her YouTube Channel "MostlySane", is an Indian YouTuber and actress who makes comedy videos. She is also known for her lead role in the Netflix romantic drama "Mismatched".

Koli was born and brought up in Thane. She studied in Vasant Vihar High School in Thane. She graduated with a Bachelor of Mass Media from V. G. Vaze College of Arts, Science and Commerce in Mulund, affiliated to the University of Mumbai.

Prajakta Koli is in a relationship with Vrishank Khanal, who is a lawyer by profession.

Ishaan Khatter

Ishaan Khatter is an Indian actor. He made his first screen appearance as a child in the 2005 film "Vaah! Life Ho Toh Aisi!", which starred his half-brother Shahid Kapoor.

His first commercial success came with the romantic drama "Dhadak" (2018), and he has since starred in the British miniseries "A Suitable Boy" (2020).

Khatter is the son of actors Neelima Azeem and Rajesh Khattar. His half-brother, , is Azeem's son from her first marriage to actor Pankaj Kapur. He was educated at Jamnabai Narsee School and Billabong High International School, Juhu in Mumbai. He also studied dance at Shiamak Davar's academy.

Ōyamato Shrine

The royal family started supporting the shrine in the Heian period. In 965, Emperor Murakami had a messenger go to the shrine to report things to the god.


Yamato no Kuni no Miyatsuko

The Yamato no Kuni no Miyatsuko (倭国造) was a Japanese noble family that used to rule that Yamato Province.
Their Ujigami is Yamato Okunitama who is worshipped at Ōyamato Shrine

Virendra Singh Jafa

Virendra Singh Jafa (2 February 1934 – 2 November 2020) was an Indian bureaucrat and administrator known for his contributions to the finance and administration of various departments and of the Government of India.

Virendra Singh Jafa was born on 2 February 1934 in Budaun, Uttar Pradesh, India. He obtained his education from Lucknow University, , and the in the United States.

Jafa joined the Indian Defense Accounts Service (IDAS) in 1955 and served in several important positions within the Government of India. He worked in various ministries and departments, including the , Ministry of Defense, Ministry of Industry, and the Post and Telegraph Department. Jafa also served as in the and worked as an advisor to the under the United Nations Development Program (UNDP).

During his career, Jafa played a significant role in the modernization and efficiency of government processes. He was instrumental in the introduction of "speed post services" in India as a member of the "Postal Services Board". Jafa also led the overhaul and modernization of pension administration and disbursement for the armed forces, and his contributions were crucial to the development of the .


Glennys Ramona Rosario de la Cruz

Glennys Ramona Rosario De la Cruz (born October 22, 1990, in Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic) is a graduate in social communications, Dominican businesswoman, and co-founder of iBAN Online, a fintech company that manages online credits in the Dominican Republic and Mexico.

She studied at the Catholic University of Santo Domingo in the Dominican Republic. In 2008, she began her professional career at 18, working for local and international companies dedicated to the import and wholesale sales of natural medicine products and technological equipment. Glennys also worked for a global resort chain. At these companies, she developed her knowledge of administration, customer service, B2C and B2B sales, team management, distribution chains, and digital marketing. In 2016, at age 25, Rosario De la Cruz co-founded iBAN Online in the Dominican Republic.

In 2017, Glennys won The Pitch RD national competition, obtaining an initial capital grant from the Republic of China, Taiwan. In 2018, iBAN Online participated in the constitutive assembly as a founding member of the Dominican Fintech Association (ADOFINTECH). In 2019, with three years of operation, iBAN Online was located in one of the most important business centers in Santo Domingo, Citi Tower, with more than 200 employees. In 2019, iBAN Online expanded its operations to Mexico City, with Rosario De la Cruz assuming the CEO role.

In 2020, with the outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic, iBAN Online Dominican Republic and Mexico launched a social commitment promotion in which the company offered extensions to support entrepreneurs.

Reggae Night

"Reggae Night" is a 1983 song by Jamaican singer Jimmy Cliff and it was taken from his album "The Power and the Glory". It was released on Columbia Records in the United States, Canada and Mexico. It went to number 1 in New Zealand, number 2 in South Africa and France, number 35 in Germany, number 40 in Canada, number 5 in Belgium, number 6 in the Netherlands and number 8 in Italy.


1985 Tour de France

The 1985 Tour de France was a famous bicycle race that lasted for almost a month. It covered over 2,500 miles and had a prologue and 22 stages. A man named Bernard Hinault won the race, along with his teammates Greg LeMond and Stephen Roche. Hinault became only the third person to win the race five times. He wore the yellow jersey for most of the race, even though he hurt himself during a fall. Another cyclist named Sean Kelly won a special award for collecting the most points during the race. There were also other winners in different categories, like mountain climbing, intermediate sprints, and being the best newcomer. The La Vie Claire team won several awards too.

BBC Alba

BBC Alba is a television channel owned by the BBC and MG Alba. The channel shows programmes made in Scottish Gaelic. It was launched on 19 September 2008. It operates for up to seven hours a day showing BBC Radio nan Gàidheal with unique shows.

The name Alba is the name for Scotland in Scottish Gaelic.

BBC Alba is one of the only BBC licence stations that is delivered by a partnership. It was also the first channel to show multiple genres of shows to come from Scotland with most of the programmes made in Scotland.

On the 8 January 2024, the BBC ended the SDTV feed for BBC Alba on satellite services.

Yasinta Aurellia

Yasinta Aurellia (Hanacaraka: ꦪꦱꦶꦤ꧀ꦠꦄꦲꦸꦫꦺꦭ꧀ꦭꦶꦪ; born October 2, 2003) is an Indonesian beauty pageant titleholder who was crowned . She represented Indonesia at the pageant in Malopolska, Poland and finished in the top 24.

Crazy Time Game

Crazy Time is a hyper-casual mobile game developed by Lion Studios that was released on the App Store and Google Play in 2021. The game features an obstacle course that players must navigate while collecting coins and power-ups. It also has a unique feature where it tracks the time the player spends on the game and rewards them with in-game currency based on how long they play.

In Crazy Time, players control a character that runs through an obstacle course while collecting coins and power-ups. The game has simple controls, with players only needing to swipe left or right to move the character. The objective of the game is to get as far as possible without hitting any obstacles or falling off the course.

As players progress through the game, they can collect power-ups that give them special abilities such as double jump or invincibility. The game also features a variety of obstacles that players must avoid, including spinning blades and moving platforms. If the player makes a mistake and hits an obstacle or falls off the course, they will have to start over.

One unique aspect of Crazy Time is its time tracking feature. The game keeps track of the amount of time the player spends on the game and rewards them with in-game currency based on how long they play. The longer the player stays on the game, the higher the multiplier for their earnings.

Crazy Time  has received mixed reviews since its release. Some players have praised the game for its addictive gameplay and time tracking feature, while others have criticized it for its repetitive nature and lack of variety.

Sempiternal

Sempiternal is the fourth studio album by Bring Me the Horizon. Bring Me the Horizon is a British rock band. The band released the album on 1 April 2013. In the United States and Canada, they released it on 2 April 2013. Epitath Records and RCA Records released it. 

The album has four singles. These are "Shadow Moses", "Sleepwalking", "Go to Hell, for Heaven's Sake" and "Can You Feel My Heart". The album was number 3 on the UK Albums Chart. It was number one on the ARIA Charts in Australia. The RIAA gave the album a gold certification in 2016. 

Asomua Naea

Asomua Naea is a retired boxer from Samoa. Asomua competed at the 1988 Summer Olympics. He was born on April 4, 1969.

Faafetai Iutana

Faafetai Iutana is a retired wrestler from Samoa. Faafetai competed at the 2000 Summer Olympics. He was born on May 24, 1977.

Uati Iutana

Uati Iutana is a retired wrestler from Samoa. Uati competed at the 1988 Summer Olympics. He was born on August 31, 1969.

Cathy Grainger-Brain

Cathy Grainger-Brain is a retired judoka from Australia. Cathy competed at the 1988 Summer Olympics, the 1992 Summer Olympics and the 1996 Summer Olympics. She was born on September 20, 1967.

Al-Jami Ul-Kamil

Al-Jamiul Kamil Fee Al-Hadith As-Sahih Al-Shamil or in short Jami ul Kamil (), known in English as The Comprehensive Collection of all Authentic Prophetic Narrations or The Authentic Hadith Encyclopaedia, is a secondary hadith collection book, compiled by the Islamic scholar Imam Ziya-ur-Rahman Azmi (1943 CE – 30 July 2020 CE). In this book, the author claims that he has compiled all Authentic Prophetic Narrations (Sahih Ahadith) from more than two hundred books. Zakir Naik highly praised the book and he stated that he is working on the publication of the english translation of the book. Abubakar Muhammad Zakaria published the first volume of the bengali translation of the book and its Urdu translation under supervision of Sheikh Ibn Bashir and Abdul Rehman Mahdi is in progress too. It contains 16500 Sahih Hadith, of which 8500 hadiths are from Sihah Sittah and the rest have been verified as traditions from other reliable hadith books. Zakir Naik describes his direct experience with the book. According to Sunni Salafi Islamic opinion, it is the world's purest Islamic text after the Qur'an, which was considered Sahih Bukhari prior to its compilation.

Azmi authored this book as the only collection of Hadith's book which compiled all of authentic hadith narrations as per his claim. The book contains Sixteen Thousand Five hundred and forty six (16546) Hadiths in twelve volumes. His work can be summarized as all authentic narrations (Sahih Hadiths) in one book. According to Islamic scholar Muhammad Ishaq Bhatti, "this is such a work that no one has done before."


North American Vertical Datum of 1988

The North American Vertical Datum of 1988 (NAVD 88) is a geodetic reference system used for measuring elevations in North America. It replaced the older National Geodetic Vertical Datum of 1929 (NGVD 29) and provides a standardized framework for mapping and surveying projects.

Water skiing

Water skiing (also waterskiing or water-skiing) is a water sport in which a person is pulled behind a motorboat over water, skimming the surface on two skis or sometimes one ski. It is most common to do on lakes, but can also be done in rivers and oceans.

In the United States, there are over 11 million water skiers. In Australia there are 1.3 million water skiers.

While water skiing is very popular, not everybody thinks it is a good thing. The fast, powerful boats make a lot of noise, cause waves which can cause beach erosion, and sometimes hit swimmers, other boats, or marine life. People often drink alcohol which increases the chance of accidents. Sometimes the person water skiing is injured by falling and hitting the water. Water skiing is also criticized for air pollution from the boats' engines, and the unnecessary use of fuel (usually gasoline) which increases climate change (global warming.)

List of census-designated places in Massachusetts

This page is a list of all 190 census-designated places in the U.S. State of Massachusetts.

Anton Pfeffer

Anton "Toni" Pfeffer (born 17 August 1965) is a former Austrian profedsional footballer. He played for FK Austria Wien and the Austrian national football team as defender.
Pfeffer's youth club was SV Türnitz. In 1985, at the age of 20, he moved to FK Austria Wien. There he stayed till the end of his career in 2000. He played 395 league matches for the team and scored 24 goals. He also was captain of the team a long time.
Pfeffer made his debut for Austria in an April 1988 friendly match against Greece. He was a participant at the 1990 and 1998 FIFA World Cup. He earned 63 caps, scoring one goal. His last international was the 0-9 demolition by Spain in a European Championship qualification match in March 1999.
After ending his football career in 2000, Pfeffer ran unsuccessfully in local elections for the Austrian People's Party. In 2005, he joined the board of SKN St. Pölten and advises the executive committee on sporting issues.

Pfeffer has also developed a folk singing career . He released two collections of Austrian folk songs. He currently works as one of Sky Austria's main football experts .

Austria Wien


Uprising (song)

"Uprising" is a 2009 song by Muse. It is the leading single from their fifth studio album "The Resistance". It went to the top 20 in the United Kingdom, Scotland, New Zealand, Switzerland, Norway, Belgium, Denmark, Finland, Sweden, Hungary, Italy and Ireland. It also made number 28 in Canada and number 37 in the United States.

Ronald Brunmayr

Ronald Brunmayr (born 17 February 1975) is an Austrian football manager and a former player.

The striker began his career at SV Garsten. He went to SK Vorwärts Steyr which was his first professional team. Brunmayr's next club was FC Linz. After the merger with LASK, he moved to FK Austria Wien. In 1998 he moved to SV Ried. In 2000 he moved to Grazer AK. At this club he won a domestic cup, became footballer of the year, and won Austria's goalscoring charts.

He then joined SK Sturm Graz in 2003, then rejoined SV Ried in 2005. 2007 he played for FC Kärnten in 2007He ended his professional career at SV Pasching from 2008 to 2010.

In August 2000 Brunmayr made his debut for the Austria national team against Hungary. His last international game was a March 2003 friendly match against Scotland.He played eight mastches and scored one goal.

From 2012 to 2015 Brunmayr trained at Academy Linz. In the summer of 2015 he became coach of FC Pasching/LASK Juniors. In 2018 he was promoted to the 2nd league with the Juniors. They were renamed FC Juniors Oberösterreich with an independent team.

During the winter break of the 2018/19 season Brunmayr returned to AKA Linz.[1] For the 2019/20 season he went back to the Juniors as assistant coach to Gerald Scheiblehner. In January 2020 he became the coach of FC Blau-Weiss Linz. In the 2020/21 season they won the championship title in the Second league. Brunmayr left Blau-Weiß for the 2021/22 season and became Oliver Glasner's assistant coach in Germany at Bundesliga club Eintracht Frankfurt. He won the 2021/22 UEFA Europa League with Eintracht Frankfurt on 18 May 2022. In 2023 he left Frankfurt together with Glasner.


Manager


Franz Heinzl

Franz Heinzl (13 April 1892 – 16 May 1922) was an Austrian footballer who played as a forward. He made seven appearances for the Austria national team from 1914 to 1917.
Franz Heinzl played for Stockerauer SV 07. 1914 he went to Wiener AF. Under Hugo Meisl he made his international debut on 3 May 1914 in a 2-0 win against Hungary. With WAF he won the Austrian championship in his debut season 1913–14. As far as the First World War allowed Franz Heinzl continued to play for the national team and the WAF. In 1915 he became topscorer of the league.
A lung disease finally forced him to give up football. He died in May 1922.

Thomas Losonczy

Thomas Losonczy is a retired fencer from USA. Thomas competed at the 1976 Summer Olympics. He was born on July 19, 1953.

Martin Saggers

Martin John Saggers is a cricket umpire and a retired cricketer from England. Martin played for the England cricket team. He was born on May 23, 1972.

Raza Iqbal

Raza Iqbal (born 17 June 1986) is a Norwegian cricketer from Pakistan. Raza plays for Norway national cricket team. He was born on June 17, 1986.

Ansar Iqbal

Ansar Iqbal is a Norwegian cricketer from Pakistan. Ansar plays for the Norway national cricket team. He was born on July 28, 1981.

Rhacophorus lateralis

The small tree frog, winged gliding frog, small gliding frog, or Boulenger's tree frog ("Rhacophorus lateralis") is a frog. It lives in India. People have seen it 800 meters above sea level.

The adult frog is about 31 mm long from nose to rear end. The frog's skin can be green in color or red-purple in color. There are dark spots on the head and dark stripes on the legs. There is a white stripe on each side of the nose all down each side of the body. This frog can change color. If a human being picks it up, the frog turns brown in five seconds.

This frog lives in trees. It lays eggs on plants that hang over water. When the eggs hatch, the tadpoles fall into the water.

Turbine engine failure

A turbine engine failure is where an engine explodes or sets on fire like Southwest Airlines Flight 1380 or United Airlines Flight 232 that had an explosion on its engine

Lean wit Me

"Lean wit Me" is the third single off of American rapper Juice Wrld's debut studio album "Goodbye & Good Riddance". The song was released on May 22, 2018, a day before the album was released. The song was able to make it to #68 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 and is certified 5× Platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA). Juice Wrld made the song about his struggle with drug addiction.

On August 1, 2018, a music video for the song was released. In the video, Juice is seen taking part in a twelve-step program and performing a Serenity Prayer. While he is rapping his backstory, it's shown that he went to the program after his girlfriend overdosed. The music video cuts from Juice rapping at the program to shots and flashbacks of him and his girlfriend doing drugs and doing crime. The music video ends with Juice calling 911 and telling them that his girlfriend overdosed and died. The video fades to black and the message "RIP to too many young legends that left us early. If you or somebody you know is suffering from addiction call 1-800-662-HELP to take the first step".

Neuroplasticity

Neuroplasticity, also known as neural plasticity, or brain plasticity, is the ability of connections in the brain to change through growth and reorganization.

Neuroplasticity was once thought by scientists who study the brain to exist only during childhood, but research in the latter half of the 20th century showed that many aspects of the brain can be altered (or are "plastic") even through adulthood. However, the developing brain exhibits a higher degree of plasticity than the adult brain.

I Know What I Like (In Your Wardrobe)

"I Know What I Like (In Your Wardrobe)" is the first charting single from Genesis. It was taken from their fifth studio album "Selling England by the Pound". It was a minor hit and reached number 21 on the single charts in the United Kingdom.

Neha Mehta

Neha Mehta is an Indian television actress. She is best known for her role of Anjali Taarak Mehta in India's longest-running sitcom TV serial "Taarak Mehta Ka Ooltah Chashmah".

She belongs to Patan, Gujarat, India but was brought up in Vadodara and Ahmedabad. Her family has deep roots in Gujarati literature and she herself is a Gujarati speaker. Her father is a popular writer who inspired her to become an actress. She holds a Master's degree in Performing arts (MPA), in Indian Classical Dance, and a Diploma in Vocal and drama.

If I Ever Lose My Faith in You

"If I Ever Lose My Faith in You" is a 1993 song by Sting. It is the leading single from his fourth studio album "Ten Summoner's Tales". It went to number 1 in Canada, number 2 in Italy and Portugal, number 17 in the United States, number 14 in the United Kingdom, number 9 in Iceland, number 30 in the Netherlands, number 41 in Australia, number 31 in Germany, number 36 in New Zealand, number 39 in France, number 9 in Spain and number 7 in Norway. It won a Grammy Award in 1994.





Arabic language in Islam

In Islam, Arabic language is given more importance than any other language, because it is the language of Qur'an and Hadith, the main religious sources of Islam, which is called Quranic Arabic.

It is said in the Qur'an, Allah says,
In the explanation of this verse, Allama Abul Hussain Ahmad bin Fares said,

As most Muslim scholars cite the hadith of the Islamic Prophet Muhammad as saying that every letter of the Qur'an brings ten unit of piety (Sawab). That's why, they encourage to pronounce original Islamic Arabic word "Allah" (ﷲ),Nabi" (نبي), "Rasul" (رسول), "Malaika" (ملاءكة‎)"jannah" (جنّة‎), "jahannam " (جهنم‎) etc., as an argument they say, the word Allah is used in the Qur'an, so when saying the word, ten unit of sawab or neki will be obtained, which cannot be gotten by the pronunciation of Khuda, Creator, Ishwara, God, payambar, Farishta, Behesht, Dujokh or other non-Quranic and non-Arabic synonyms.

Umar Ibn Khattab said,

According to Islamic scholars, "The reason for the importance of the Arabic language is that the Arabic language has many advantages and characteristics, but what has given it the greatest importance is its connection with the religion of Islam revealed in this language. The connection of the Arabic language with the revelation of the Qur'an, which came to all mankind. The rituals of Islam are performed only in the Arabic language. The Arabic language is characterized by sophistication of expression, eloquence in speech and abundance of artistic imagery. According to scholars, to preserve the Arabic language is to preserve the religion of Islam. A complete statement of a written text can only be made in Arabic, And so the Qur'an was not revealed without it. Constantly speaking Arabic has a positive effect on the mind, religion and morals. Ignorance of Arabic is one of the causes of deviation from the true religion. Arabic is an ancient, stable and historically well-established language."

Ahmed Hussain Sharif in his book "Why Pray in Arabic" (Why is prayer offered in Arabic?) reasons for praying in Arabic are:
Finally he says, "Thus we see that the sweetness, dignity, beauty and spirituality of the prayer depend on the prayer being recited in the original Arabic; and if the prayer is recited in translation, the literary and artistic value of the Qur'an is bound to be lost; and by the translated prayer is the first to suffer will be the Islamic brotherhood."


Lucid Dreams (song)

"Lucid Dreams" (also known as "Lucid Dreams (Forget Me)") is the second single off of American rapper Juice Wrld's debut studio album "Goodbye & Good Riddance". It also appears on the 2017 EP "JuiceWrld 9 9 9". The song was released on May 4, 2018. The song was able to make it to #2 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 and is certified 11× Diamond by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA). 

Juice Wrld made the song about his pain and feelings after going through a breakup. The song interpolates the 1993 Sting song "Shape of my Heart". Sting gave Juice Wrld his blessing to use the song and said "'Lucid Dreams' was my favorite of all the many interpolations of 'Shape of my Heart,' it will resonate for many years to come,"

On May 11, 2018, a music video for the song was released. It was directed by Cole Bennett. In the video, Juice is seen rapping with his head poking up through the floor. Through the video there are scenes of him smoking a joint in a dimly-lit stairwell and exchanging glances with a woman applying heavy makeup in a mirror. 

Last Train to Clarksville

"Last Train to Clarksville" is a debut single from The Monkees and is the leading single from their debut studio album "The Monkees". It went to number 1 in the United States and Canada, number 23 in the United Kingdom, number 16 in South Africa, number 6 in New Zealand, number 10 in Finland, number 5 in Ireland and number 14 in Australia. It was featured seven times to the television program "The Monkees".

Variovorax

Variovorax is a bacterial genus from the family . Its designated species is which arose from the species "Alcaligenes paradoxus" being grouped under the Variovorax genus. The cell size of Variovorax is 0.5–0.6 μm × 1.2–3.0 μm and the optimal growth temperature is 30 degrees Celsius. The bacteria utilise various organic compounds as a carbon source, including fructose, galactose, and glucose, in order to promote plant growth.

Variovorax cells function alone or in pairs, and use a flagellum to move around.They contain carotenoid pigments which leads to a yellow appearance of the colonies. The bacteria are tolerate to a wide variety of metals including cobalt, copper, and nickel, which allows for the bacteria to survive in many environments.

Bacteria of the Variovorax genus can often be found in damp, dark conditions of soil and water. The bacteria can also be found in a variety of diverse habitats, including the rhizosphere, which is a section of soil in close proximity to the root microbiome. Other habitats that have been recognised include glacial settings, soils contaminated with chemicals and plastics, and riverbed sediments.

Variovorax species have many diverse roles in their environmental surroundings, a noticeable one being promoting plant growth. There is a variety of mechanisms by which the bacteria can accomplish this, including the preventing of plant pathogens being produced, reducing the amount of stress a plant undergoes, and also increasing the number of nutrients that are available. Other roles can also be witnessed, including the cycling of various elements across a range of environments including arsenic. It is thought to oxidise As (III) to As (V) via a detoxification mechanism.

Another potential use which has been discovered for the Variovorax genus is its role in bioremediation studies. "Variovorax paradoxus" has been found to be a potential use in the bioremediation of soils contaminated with linuron, which could be depolluted through biopurification via bioaugmentation.

Streptomycin

Streptomycin is an aminoglycoside antibiotic, and was the first of these to be discovered in 1943 by Albert Shatz. The use of streptomycin involves the disruption of protein synthesis within the ribosome, preventing replication of bacteria. It arises from the bacteria "Streptomyces griseus" and is majorly used in the treatment of infections from aerobic gram-negative bacteria. 
Streptomycin has been classified by the World Health Organisation as a critically important antimicrobial for human medicine. The most common use of streptomycin today is the treatment of pulmonary tuberculosis. The antibiotic has a variety of antibacterial activity which is beneficial for the treatment of a wide range of infections. Other infections treated using streptomycin include pneumonia, Mycobacterium avium complex-MAC, E. coli influenza, plague, and tularemia.

Common side effects of the use of streptomycin coincide with those seen with the use of other aminoglycoside antibiotics. These include both kidney and ear toxicity, alongside chronic kidney disease. Other dangerous side effects of the use of this drug also include vestibular and auditory system disorders.

The use of streptomycin involves the disruption of protein synthesis within the ribosome, preventing the replication of bacteria. The antibiotic creates ionic bonds with the negatively charged sections of the bacterial cell membrane to access the inner cytoplasmic membrane. Streptomycin is only effective against aerobic bacteria as an electron transport system used within the respiratory cycle is needed, however, the antibiotic is able to inhibit both gram-positive and gram-negative bacteria.

Dreamtime (The Stranglers album)

Dreamtime is the ninth studio album by English rock band The Stranglers. It was released on 27 October, 1986 through Epic Records. It went to number 16 in the United Kingdom, number 172 in the United States, number 45 in New Zealand, number 64 in Australia, number 83 in Canada and number 60 in the Netherlands.


Steve Halliwell

Stephen Harold Halliwell (19 March 1946 – 15 December 2023) was an English actor, known for portraying the role of Zak Dingle in the ITV soap opera "Emmerdale", which he played from 1994 until his death in 2023. He was one of the longest-serving cast members in the show's history.

During the 1970s, 1980s and 1990s, he featured in a number of UK television shows, including "Here I Stand", "Crown Court", "All Creatures Great and Small", "Coronation Street", "The Practice", "Children's Ward", "Heartbeat" and "Cracker".

Joh Bjelke-Petersen

Sir Johannes "Joh" Bjelke-Petersen (13 January 191123 April 2005), also nicknamed Sir Joh, was an Australian politician who served as the 31st Premier of Queensland. He was Queensland's longest-serving and longest-lived Premier. While he was Premier, he was the leader of the Queensland branch of the National Party, which used to be called the Country Party.

He was a very conservative politician with many controversial views. He was also very controversial because his government did many things that were corrupt. Some historians have even described him as being "semi-authoritarian". For example, he is responsible for the "Bjelkemander", which was a type of gerrymander (which is a practice that makes it easier for one party to win government). The Bjelkemander meant that more seats were in rural and remote areas so the National Party would always be in government, because the Labor Party and the Liberal Party got most of their votes from cities. He was also involved in the 1975 Australian constitutional crisis, which made Gough Whitlam resign as Prime Minister.

He once tried to run in the 1987 federal election to try and become Prime Minister, as part of the "Joh for Canberra" campaign. However, he did not do it because of the Fitzgerald Inquiry, which was a controversial inquiry that exposed corruption in his government and saw many of his ministers taken to jail, some even lost their knighthoods. This saw him resign as Premier and he quit politics altogether. It also was a reason that his party lost the 1991 state election. He was later trialed in court for perjury, but was not convicted and he was not trialed again because he was too old.

Wild Night

"Wild Night" is a 1971 song by Northern Irish singer Van Morrison and is the leading single from his fifth studio album "Tupelo Honey". It went to number 28 in the United States, number 41 in Belgium, number 20 in Canada and number 24 in the Netherlands. It was covered in 1974 by Martha Reeves.

In 1994 American musicians John Mellencamp and Meshell Ndegeocello covered "Wild Night" for his 13th studio album "Dance Naked". It went to number 1 in Canada, number 3 in the United States, number 34 in the United Kingdom, number 24 in Scotland, number 7 in Iceland, number 18 in Australia and number 55 in Germany.

Dominic Brunt

Dominic Adam Brunt (born 15 April 1970) is an English actor, director and producer. He is best known for portraying the role of Paddy Kirk in the ITV soap opera "Emmerdale", which he has played since 1997. 

He and "Emmerdale" co-star Mark Charnock, who plays Marlon Dingle, produce the annual Zombie Film Festival at the Leeds Cottage Road cinema.

Volvo XC90

The Volvo XC90 is a mid-sized luxury CUV made by Volvo since August 2002.

The first XC90 was shown to the public in 2002, at a motor show, called the North American International Motor Show. The 1st gen XC90 is related to the Volvo S80 and is based on the Volvo P2 platform.

The second-gen XC90 was unveiled at the end of 2014, and is based on the Volvo SPA platform. It is related to the Volvo S90 and the Volvo V90 station wagon.

The first-gen XC90 was designed by Doug Frasher in 1999, and shown to the public in November 2001, previewed by a concept in November 2001. It was Volvo's first SUV, and its full body was shown at the North American International Motor Show in January 2002. It was able to be bought and ordered in August 2002, and at first had 2 trims. It has 2 choices of seats, 5, and 7-seat. It is code named 'P28'.

In 2007, the XC90 had gotten a small change, including new front and rear, and a new interior. The new XC90 was shown in New York in April 2006.

In 2009, the XC90 had larger spaces in between the rear Volvo logos.

In 2010, the front Volvo logo got larger.

For 2012-13, it had received LED-taillights and DRLs.
In May 2012, Volvo Cars said that the new XC90 would start in 2014, with orders starting in 2014, and it starting in 2015.

The XC90 is based on Volvo's SPA platform, which stands for Scalable Product Architecture, and cars in this platform basically have newer technology, and try to have as low weight as possible, while having as much safety as possible. The new XC90 is longer, wider and lower than the older one, while all being powered by an eight-speed automatic transmission. It was already sold out after 47 hours of orders being open on 3 September 2014.

The T8 is a plug-in hybrid version of the XC90. It has an all electric range of 43 km (27 mi), and has the same technology as the Volvo V60 PHEV. In 2021, the T8 was renamed to the 'XC90 Recharge'.

The XC90 had gotten a small change in 2020, adding a new front and back, including a new front grille.

Egusi soup

The main ingredient of Egusi soup is the ground egusi seeds, which are obtained from the melon plant. Other common ingredients include:


To prepare Egusi soup, the following steps are typically followed:


Jeff Hordley

Jeff Hordley (born 7 March 1970) is an English actor, best known for portraying the role of Cain Dingle in the ITV soap opera "Emmerdale" (2000–2006, 2009–present). For his portrayal of Cain, he has been nominated for the British Soap Award for Best Actor at three ceremonies.

In addition to his work on "Emmerdale", he has also made appearances in various other television series including "Coronation Street", "Heartbeat", "Always and Everyone", "City Central" and "Children's Ward".

Myf Warhurst

Myfanwy Warhurst (born May 29, 1973) is an Australian radio announcer and television personality who is best known for her work on the Triple J radio stations and being Australia’s commentator for the Eurovision Song Contest alongside Joey Creasey, she also provides the voice for Aunt Trixie and Indy’s Mum on the Australian animated series Bluey.

Megan Washington

Megan Alexanda Washington (born January 7, 1986, in Port Moresby, Papua New Guinea) is an Australian musician and songwriter who has worked mononymously as Washington, she is also known for voicing Bluey’s teacher Calypso on Bluey.

James Hooton

James Hooton (born 13 July 1973) is an English actor. He is best known for portraying the role of Sam Dingle in the ITV soap opera "Emmerdale" (1995–1998, 2000–present).

In addition to his work on "Emmerdale", he has also appeared in several other programmes, including "Peak Practice", "The Bill", "Heartbeat" and "Touching Evil".

International Electrotechnical Commission

The International Electrotechnical Commission (IEC) is an international standards organisation that prepares and publishes standards for electrical and electronic items. IEC standards cover things from solar power and power transmission, to batteries. All electrotechnologies are covered by IEC standards.

Study (room)

A study, also known as a home office, is a room in a house that is used for paperwork, computer work, or reading. Historically, the study of a house was reserved for use as the private office and reading room of a parent/guardian as the formal head of a household, but today studies are generally either used to operate a home business or else open to the whole family.

Izumo-taishakyo

Izumo-taishakyo is a Sect Shinto religious organization. It was founded by Takatomi Senge and continues the traditions of Izumo-taisha

Saint Christopher

Saint Christopher was a Christian Saint. He was murdered in 251 in Ohio when it was part of the Skibiti Empire.

He is the patron saint of sigma travelers

Kevin de León

Kevin de León (born December 10, 1966) is an American politician and environmental advocate. He served as the President pro tempore of the California State Senate from 2014 to 2018. De León is a member of the Democratic Party.

Born and raised in Los Angeles, California, de León began his political career as a community organizer before being elected to the California State Assembly in 2006, representing the 45th district. He later served as the State Senator for the 22nd district from 2010 to 2018.

De León has been a vocal advocate for immigrant rights and has pushed for policies to address Climate change and environmental issues. He has championed legislation to expand healthcare access, increase renewable energy usage, and enhance protections for undocumented immigrants.

In 2018, de León ran for the United States Senate against incumbent Dianne Feinstein, but was unsuccessful in his bid. Despite the loss, he gained recognition for his progressive platform and was credited with shifting the conversation within the Democratic Party in California.

Outside of politics, de León has been involved in various environmental organizations and initiatives. He has been a strong proponent of clean energy and has worked to reduce greenhouse gas emissions. De León continues to be an influential figure in California politics, advocating for progressive policies and fighting for social and environmental justice. 

Kevin de León was born on December 10, 1966, in Los Angeles, California. He grew up in the San Diego, California barrio of Logan Heights, a predominantly Mexican American neighborhood. De León's parents emigrated from Guanajuato, Mexico, and his mother worked as a housekeeper while his father was a factory worker.

As a child, de León experienced the challenges faced by many working-class families. He witnessed the struggles of his mother, who raised him as a single parent after his father died when he was young. These experiences influenced his later political career and commitment to advocating for marginalized communities.

De León attended San Diego State University, where he earned a Bachelor of Arts degree in Political science and Chicano Studies. During his time in college, he became involved in activism and community organizing, working on issues such as affordable housing and immigrant rights. These early experiences sparked his passion for social justice and laid the foundation for his future political career.

After completing his undergraduate studies, de León continued his education at the University of California, Santa Barbara, where he pursued a Master's degree in public administration. He further honed his leadership skills and deepened his understanding of public policy, preparing him for his future roles in government.

De León's upbringing and educational background played a significant role in shaping his perspective and commitment to fighting for the rights of marginalized communities. These early experiences instilled in him a determination to address the systemic inequalities and barriers faced by many Californians, particularly those from immigrant backgrounds.

Kevin de León served in the California State Assembly, representing the 45th district from 2006 to 2010. During his tenure, he worked on various legislative initiatives and advocated for policies that aimed to address social and environmental issues.

As a member of the California State Assembly, de León focused on a range of issues affecting his constituents. He was particularly passionate about affordable housing, healthcare, and education. He championed legislation aimed at expanding access to healthcare services, improving educational opportunities, and promoting affordable housing options for low-income individuals and families.

De León also played a key role in advancing environmental policies during his time in the Assembly. He worked to increase renewable energy usage and reduce greenhouse gas emissions. As a strong advocate for clean energy, he co-authored the California Global Warming Solutions Act of 2006, also known as AB 32, which set ambitious goals for reducing the state's greenhouse gas emissions.

During his tenure, de León demonstrated a commitment to representing the needs and concerns of his constituents. He actively engaged with community organizations and worked to amplify the voices of underrepresented communities. His efforts earned him recognition as a champion for social and environmental justice.

De León's experience in the California State Assembly provided him with a solid foundation for his future political career. His work on critical issues and his dedication to serving the people of California laid the groundwork for his subsequent roles in the California State Senate and his bid for the United States Senate.

Kevin de León served in the California State Senate, representing the 22nd district from 2010 to 2018. During his tenure, he played a significant role in shaping California's legislative landscape, focusing on issues such as immigration, environmental policy, and social justice.

As a State Senator, de León became a prominent voice for immigrant rights. He authored the California Trust Act, which aimed to limit local law enforcement's cooperation with federal immigration authorities. The act sought to protect undocumented immigrants who were otherwise law-abiding residents and fostered a more inclusive approach to immigration enforcement.

De León also prioritized environmental issues and worked towards advancing renewable energy and reducing greenhouse gas emissions. He authored Senate Bill 350, which aimed to increase California's renewable energy usage and improve energy efficiency in buildings. This legislation played a crucial role in shaping the state's clean energy goals and commitment to combating climate change.

In addition to his work on immigration and environmental policy, de León advocated for social justice initiatives. He supported criminal justice reforms and efforts to address economic inequality. De León's focus on social and economic equity was evident in his efforts to increase the minimum wage and expand access to affordable housing.

During his time in the California State Senate, de León served as the President pro tempore from 2014 to 2018. As the leader of the Senate, he played a pivotal role in shaping the legislative agenda and guiding policy discussions.

De León's tenure in the California State Senate solidified his reputation as a progressive leader and a staunch advocate for marginalized communities. His work on immigration, environmental policy, and social justice contributed to his influence within the Democratic Party and his subsequent bid for the United States Senate.

Kevin de León ran for the United States Senate in 2018, challenging incumbent Dianne Feinstein. Although unsuccessful in his bid, his campaign made a significant impact and helped shift the conversation within the Democratic Party in California.

De León's campaign focused on progressive policy positions and a vision for a more inclusive and equitable future. He emphasized issues such as healthcare, immigration reform, and income inequality. De León advocated for a universal healthcare system and championed the idea of Medicare for All, aiming to ensure that all Californians had access to affordable and quality healthcare.

His strong stance on immigration reform resonated with many voters. De León supported comprehensive immigration reform and sought to protect undocumented immigrants from deportation. He emphasized the contributions immigrants make to California's economy and society, advocating for policies that would provide a pathway to citizenship and protect the rights of undocumented individuals.

Throughout his campaign, de León also highlighted his commitment to combatting climate change and advancing clean energy solutions. He stressed the need for California to lead the nation in addressing environmental issues, and he proposed bold initiatives to reduce carbon remissions and expand renewable energy sources.

De León's bid for the U.S. Senate demonstrated his continued dedication to advocating for progressive policies and fighting for social and environmental justice. His campaign left a lasting impact on the political landscape in California and contributed to ongoing discussions about the future direction of the Democratic Party.

Kevin de León is currently serving on the Los Angeles City Council, a position he has held since 2020. As a council member, he represents the 14th district of Los Angeles and works on various issues affecting the city and its residents.

De León's tenure on the Los Angeles City Council has been marked by his dedication to addressing the needs of his constituents and advocating for progressive policies. He has been actively involved in initiatives related to affordable housing, homelessness, and public safety.

One of de León's primary focuses has been tackling the city's homelessness crisis. He has worked to expand access to shelter and services for individuals experiencing homelessness while also pushing for long-term solutions to address the root causes of homelessness. De León has supported measures to increase affordable housing options and has sought to improve coordination between city agencies and community organizations in addressing the issue.

Public safety has also been a significant area of concern for de León. He has championed efforts to enhance community policing strategies and improve relations between law enforcement and the communities they serve. De León has advocated for investments in community-based programs and initiatives that prioritize proactive and preventive approaches to public safety.

Additionally, de León has been committed to addressing environmental and climate-related issues in Los Angeles. He has worked on policies to promote renewable energy, reduce pollution, and enhance sustainability efforts. De León has emphasized the importance of transitioning to a clean energy economy and has supported initiatives that promote environmental justice.

As a council member, de León has brought his experience in state and national politics to his work at the local level. He continues to be an influential figure in shaping policies and advocating for the needs of his district and the broader Los Angeles community.

Kevin de León's 2022 Los Angeles Mayoral Bid was an unsuccessful campaign in which he competed against Karen Bass and Rick Caruso. Despite his efforts, de León came in third place in the election, failing to advance to the runoff stage.

Throughout his campaign, de León presented himself as a progressive candidate with a focus on addressing the pressing issues facing Los Angeles. He emphasized his experience in state politics, particularly his time in the California State Senate, and sought to bring his advocacy for social and environmental justice to the mayoral role.

During the campaign, de León received endorsements from Representatives Jimmy Gomez and Lou Correa, two influential figures within the Democratic Party. Their support highlighted de León's standing among fellow politicians and his commitment to advancing progressive policies.

Despite his notable endorsements and experience, de León was unable to secure enough votes to move forward to the runoff stage. The runoff eventually took place between Karen Bass and Rick Caruso, with Bass emerging as the winner of the mayoral race.

In a departure from endorsing either candidate in the runoff, de León decided not to endorse any candidate for the mayoral position. While he did not secure the mayoral seat himself, his campaign contributed to the broader political discourse in Los Angeles and brought attention to important issues facing the city.

Although his bid for mayor was ultimately unsuccessful, de León remains an active figure in Los Angeles politics and continues to advocate for progressive policies and social and environmental justice.

Christian Wilhelm Bronisch

Christian Wilhelm Bronisch was a Sorbian priest and linguist . He wrote about the deity Flins.

Samaritan High Priest

The Samaritan High Priest is the head of the Samaritan religion. They were originally the same person as the Jewish High Priest until a disagreement in succession led to the two splitting apart

The following list gives the names and terms of office according to Reinhard Pummer. Pummer uses a spelling for the name of the high priest that is based on the English Bible for the bearers of biblical names, while he chooses a more scientific transcription for the full name (last column). The traditional counting begins with the first post-biblical high priest Sheshai. It differs in order in some cases from the list prepared by Moses Gaster and Reinhard Pummer on the basis of the ancient Samaritan sources, and includes additional names (italics here).

Frenkie de Jong

Frenkie de Jong (; born 12 May 1997) is a Dutch professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for La Liga club Barcelona and the Netherlands national team.

Ajax

Barcelona

Netherlands

Individual

Alejandro Balde

Alejandro Balde Martínez (born 10 October 2003) is a Spanish football player. He plays as a left-back for Barcelona and the Spain national team.

Waldshut-Tiengen

Waldshut-Tiengen (Alemannic: "Waldshuet-Düenge") is a city in southwestern Baden-Württemberg right at the Swiss border. It is the capital and largest city in Waldshut and a middle centre in the surrounding area.

Waldshut-Tiengen is at the edge of the southern Black Forest and is on the banks of the Rhine River.


Flögeln

Flögeln used to be a municipality in Cuxhaven in Lower Saxony, Germany. Since 1 January 2015, it is part of the town of Geestland.

Köhlen

Köhlen used to be a municipality in Cuxhaven in Lower Saxony, Germany. Since 1 January 2015, it is part of the town of Geestland.

Yaacob I ben Aaharon ben Shalma

Yaacob I ben Aaharon ben Shalma was the 120th Samaritan High Priest from 1874 to 1916.

Yoseph ben Ab-Hisda ben Yaacov ben Aaharon

Yoseph ben Ab-Hisda ben Yaacov ben Aaharon was the 128th Samaritan High Priest.


Phinehas X ben Matzliach ben Phinehas

Phinehas X ben Matzliach ben Phinehas was the 126th Samaritan High Priest.

Kührstedt

Kührstedt used to be a municipality in Cuxhaven in Lower Saxony, Germany. Since 1 January 2015, it is part of the town of Geestland.

Lintig

Lintig used to be a municipality in Cuxhaven in Lower Saxony, Germany. Since 1 January 2015, it is part of the town of Geestland.

Ringstedt

Ringstedt used to be a municipality in Cuxhaven in Lower Saxony, Germany. Since 1 January 2015, it is part of the town of Geestland.

Yamato Okunitama Shrine

Yamato Okunitama Shrine is a Shinto Shrine dedicated to Yamato Okunitama. It is the Ninomiya of Awaji Province

Malsch

Malsch is a municipality in Karlsruhe in Baden-Württemberg, Germany. It is about 20 km south of Karlsruhe.


Vladimir Toporov

Vladimir Toporov was a Russian linguist. He studied semiotics.

Petershagen

Petershagen is a town in Minden-Lübbecke in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany. About 25,000 people live there.

Ynglism

Ynglism is a Russian new religious movement. It is polytheistic and worships traditional slavic gods. People have criticized it for being racist and not following real slavic traditions. For example it worships Chislobog a god that many historians think never existed

Book of Veles

The Book of Veles is a forged Russian religious book. Chislobog was first mentioned in it. Many Slavic pagans use it as a religious text.

Alexander Asov

Alexander Azov is a Russian pagan author. He translated the Veles Book. 

Many Russian pagans do not like him. They think he hurts the movement.

Andrey Shishkin

Andrey Alekseyevich Shishkin (; born 1960) is a Russian painter. He paints pagan deities.

He was born and raised in Moscow. He mainly paints slavic deities in a realistic style.


Maciej Stryjkowski

Maciej Stryjkowski was a Polish historian.

In 1577, he wrote an epic poem "On the beginnings of the famed nation of Lithuania (...)", it was not published until after his death. He died around the year 1593.

Emperor Tenmu

Emperor Tenmu was the 40th Emperor of Japan. He reigned from 673 to 686.

Niiname-no-Matsuri

Niiname-no-Matsuri is a Japanese holiday. 

It is celebrated every year. But when a new Emperor of Japan is crowned a different version called the Daijosai happens.


Omiki

"" is an offering of sake or other alcoholic drinks offered to gods in Japanese Shinto.

Tamagushi

They are given to kami in rituals.



Masakaki

Masakaki (真榊) is an object used in Shinto rituals. It is put on both sides of a table where the event takes place. Masakaki is made with branches of a tree called Sakaki. These branches are attached to the top of colorful cloth banners. The banners are in five colors: green, yellow, red, white, and blue.

Special treasures are hung on these branches. On the left side, a sword is hung. On the right side, a mirror and a special bead are hung. Sometimes, people call the whole setup by a special name, Masakaki-dai.

The idea of Masakaki comes from old Japanese stories about gods. It is also written about in old history books. A long time ago, when a new emperor named Meiji started ruling, Masakaki was used to decorate Shinto shrines in many places in Japan. At Izumo Taisha, they put long branches on sticks. On the right side branch, they hang a gem, a mirror, and colorful cloth. On the left side branch, they hang a sword and colorful cloth.

The five colors of the cloth stand for the . These elements are wood, fire, earth, metal, and water. At funerals, Masakaki with yellow and white banners is used.


Nikolai Fyodorovich Fyodorov

Nikolai Fyodorovich Fyodorov was a Russian philosopher who wanted to make everyone immortal.

He was called the "Socrates of Moscow."

Harae

Harae is a ritual purification of shinto. It removes impurities from people.


Franz, Duke of Bavaria

Franz Bonaventura Adalbert Maria Herzog von Bayern (born 14 July 1933) is a German noble. His great-grandfather, Ludwig II was the last King of Bavaria. He is known by the honorary title Duke of Bavaria. Franz is also a descendant of the Jacobite succession.

Puberty blockers

Sometimes a person's body is wrong for their gender identity. They may have male sex organs but feel that they are a female, or they may have female sex organs but identify as male. Young people with "wrong" bodies are often called transgender youth. 

Medical operations by doctors and hormone pills can change the body, but those operations are not done on young people. Instead, doctors can give drugs that slow down or stop puberty so the person has more time to decide what to do. Also, it should lower the number of transgender young people who kill themselves. That sometimes happens because they are bullied by other people, or because they feel very unhappy having their body become an adult body that they do not want because they feel it is the wrong body. As of 2023, some states in the United States say doctors cannot give these drugs to young people. The talk about these drugs has become very political. 

These drugs were usually made for other reasons, such as stopping cancer. These drugs can also be used if a child starts puberty at a very early age, such as 7 or 8. The name for that situation is "precocious puberty." Going through puberty too early creates medical and psychological problems. The person might not grow as tall as they could. They might feel very different from their friends and other children in school. Girls who go through puberty early have a bigger chance of being sexually assaulted. They also have a bigger chance of becoming pregnant while still a young teenager. There is a bigger chance that later in life they might get a cancer such as breast cancer, because there is a higher risk associated with the number of years the woman had between puberty (usually defined as menarche for studies) and the first time she has a baby. One of the drugs that can be given to people with boy bodies is called Lupron Depot. It works by causing a very big drop in testosterone levels. The drugs to block or slow puberty can be given with a needle in the leg, or sometimes the shoulder. In a young person with a boy body, for some drugs, the needle is put in a testicle. Sometimes the drugs are in a patch that is under the skin of an upper arm. The patch is usually changed once a year. There is a chance that unwanted things could happen because of these drugs. These things are called side effects. There are some short term side effects, most of which are not huge problems for most people getting the drugs. The more important thing is that these drugs might have long-term effects on:

With drugs involving body chemicals called hormones that regulate things like growth, there might be a slight chance of increasing cancer risk, even though these drugs are often used as anticancer drugs.

The use of puberty blockers in transgender youth is supported by 12 major American medical associations, including the American Medical Association, the American Psychological Association, the American Academy of Pediatrics, and the Endocrine Society the American Academy of Child and Adolescent Psychiatry, the American Psychiatric Association, the Pediatric Endocrine Society, the American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists, the American College of Physicians, the American Academy of Family Physicians, the American Osteopathic Association, the American Association of Clinical Endocrinologists, the American Nurses Association, four Australian medical associations, and the World Professional Association for Transgender Health.

The talk about these drugs has become very political. People who do not want puberty blockers used for young people think it is better to let the young person's body go through puberty, even though that will permanently change their body. Some of them have religious reasons. They may believe that people should not interfere with how a human body was made because they believe it was made by God. These people also say the child might just be imagining the problem or might change how they feel about their gender identity when they are older. People who oppose transgender rights or who hate or are afraid of transgender people are often called transphobic. People who do not want puberty blockers used for transgender youth are often classified as social conservatives if they have many opinions that are not modern.

Jewish High Priest

The Jewish High Priest used to be the leader of Judaism. He led worship at the Temple in Jerusalem. Aaron was the first high priest. 

The high priests started in biblical times, but when the Second Temple was destroyed there were no more high priests. 


Rhacophorus pardalis

The panther flying frog, harlequin tree frog, gliding tree frog, or panther flying tree frog ("Rhacophorus pardalis") is a frog. It lives in Indonesia, Thailand, Malaysia, and the Phillippines.

The adult male frog is about 39-55 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is about 55-71 mm long. It has webbed skin on all four feet. The skin on the frog's back is light brown or red-brown in color. Some frogs have yellow spots. Some have blue spots. Some have no spots. The sides of the frog's body are yellow in color with black spots. The belly is yellow with orange marks. The webbed skin on the feet is orange-red in color.

This frog lives high in the tree branches. It can glide on the air from tree to tree using the webbed skin on its feet. Large groups of frogs come to the ground to lay eggs. They go to pools of water, marshes, and blocked streams.

There are fewer of this frog than there were. This is because human beings cut down forests where the frog lives.

Strength is in truth

"Strength is in truth" () is a Russian slogan that people use in the 21st century. It comes from the movie "Brother 2. The movie was released in 2000." says it in the movie.
During the Russian invasion of Ukraine, the Latin letter "V" was used on military vehicles in northern Ukraine. These places included Hostomel, Bucha, in woods north of Kyiv and near Dymer. "V" and "Z" are two symbols of the invasion. The Russian Ministry of Defence stated on 3 March that "V" stood for "Our strength is in truth", and "The task will be completed" ().


Sakaki

Sakaki ("Cleyera japonica)" is a tree that people believe is sacred in Shinto

It is used in offerings like Masakaki and Tamagushi.


Five elements

The five elements is an idea in Taoism. Unlike the greek four elements, they have a cycle. There is a generative cycle and a destructive cycle. The destructive cycle is seen as giving bad luck and the generative cycle is seen as giving good luck. 


Rhacophorus marmoridorsum

The marbled flying tree frog ("Rhacophorus pardalis") is a frog. It lives in Vietnam. This frog lives in streams. People have seen it about 1000 meters above sea level.

Vasily Radlov

Vasily Radlov was a Russian linguist. He studied Turkic languages. He was the first person to translate the Manichaean text Huastvanift.

Old Uyghur alphabet

The Old Uyghur alphabet is the alphabet that was used to write the Old Uyghur language. It comes from the Sogdian alphabet. It is not to be confused with the modern Uyghur Arabic alphabet used to write the modern Uyghur language. The modern alphabet comes from the Arabic alphabet.

Sergey Malov

Sergey Malov was a Russian Turkologist. He studied Turkic languages and he translated the Manichaean text Huastvanift.
Remember Me (Diana Ross song)

"Remember Me" is a 1970 song by Diana Ross. It is the leading single from her third studio album "Surrender" and was written by Ashford & Simpson. It went to number 9 in Canada, number 7 in the United Kingdom and number 16 in the United States.

Qormusta Tengri

Qormusta Tengri is a Turkic deity. He is worshipped in Tengrism, Manichaeism, and Buddhism. He is sometimes seen as the main god and leader of the 33 gods.. Hormusta is related to the Turkic deities, Hürmüz and Kormos Khan.

Zurvan

Zervan (or Zervan ) is the creator god of , a form of Zoroastrianism . He is a personification of time and eternity. 

He is the father of Ahura Mazda and his enemy Angra Mainyu .

His name comes from the Middle Persian term "zurwān" ("Time"), which derives from the Avestan "zruvā" ("Time"). 

Words carved in stone that include the letters zrw(n) and zraovo were discovered. These words make people think that in Sogdiana and Bactria, Zurvan was worshipped like a main god.

In the third century, his name was used by the Manichaeans, for the father of greatness



Angelina Ballerina (TV series)

Angelina Ballerina is a 2001-06 Australian preschool animated children's television series, based on the "Angelina Ballerina" series of children's books by author Katharine Holabird and illustrator Helen Craig. The series is about Angelina Mouseling, a young mouse who loves dancing ballet, her family, and her classmates. Finty Williams performed the voice of Angelina, and her real-life mother Judi Dench performed the voice of Miss Lilly, her old ballet teacher.

The show had 39 15-minute-long episodes, well as three longer specials. The series was produced by HiT Entertainment and Grand Slamm Children's Films. It aired on the CITV block of ITV in the United Kingdom, and on Nick Jr, PBS Kids (2002-2009) and PBS Kids Sprout (2005-2011) in the United States, where it was presented by Connecticut Public Television.

Glossary of Shinto

This is a Glossary of Shinto. Covering different terms used in the religion


Lungi Ngidi

Lungisani True-man Ngidi is a professional cricketer from South Africa. He plays for the national cricket team. He was born on March 29, 1996.

Keshav Maharaj

Keshav Atmanand Maharaj is a professional cricketer from South Africa. He plays for the national cricket team. He was born on February 7, 1990.

Andile Phehlukwayo

Andile Lucky Phehlukwayo is a cricketer from South Africa. Andile plays for national cricket team. He was born on March 3, 1996.

Tristan Stubbs

Tristan Stubbs is a cricketer from South Africa. Tristan plays for the national cricket team. He was born on August 14, 2000.

Mahishashur Jayanti

Mahishasur Jayanti, also called Mahishasur Martyrdom, is a holiday celebrated by Adivasi and Dalit groups in the Indian subcontinent. They believe the Mahishasur myth is unjust and morn his death around the time of Durga Puja and Navaratri.

Hudur Durga, (Bangla:হুদুড় দুর্গা) now known as Mahishasur, was the leader of the Kherwals on a land called Chaicampa (চাইচম্পা). When Aryans came they wanted control over the land so, they hired a Aryan women to marry him. On the ninth night of their honeymoon, she killed him in his sleep. The Kherwals fled the land. The women who was hired to kill him is now worshiped in mainstream Hinduism as a Mother goddess, Durga.

Satanic panic

Satanic Panic is a phenomenon where people are accused of abusing children due to following Theistic Satanism. Accused people rarely express such beliefs. It is a kind of moral panic with the accusations usually being provably false.


Abdul Haq Vidyarthi

Abdul Haq Vidyarthi (1888–1977) known as Maulana Abdul Haq Vidyarthi () is a Pakistani scholar, author, writer, Islamic preacher and a prominent figure of Lahore Ahmadiyya movement, joined in 1907. In 1914, Maulana Muhammad Ali and his associates founded the Ahmadiyya Anjuman Isha‘at Islam missionary society in Lahore and Maulana Abdul Haq joined. He spent the rest of his life there as missionary, journalist, lecturer, writer and scholar. He studied Sanskrit and other languages and Hindu scriptures, to discover what he believed to be prophecies about Muhammad and to refute negative criticism of Islam. He earned the title vidyarthi due to his extensive knowledge of the Vedas.

From 1918 to the 1940s, he participated in public debates against Arya Samaj Hindus and Christian missionaries. He published an Urdu translation of part of a Hindu scripture, the Yajur Veda.

"Muhammad in World Scriptures" is a book by Abdul Haq Vidyarthi. It was first published in 1936. When written it was called "Mithaq-al-Nabiyeen" (میثاق النبیین, Promise of the prophets). It was written in Urdu in 1936. The book was translated to English in 1942 and called Muhammad in World scriptures. After publication of the translation, the book became very popular across the world. The book claims the mention of Muhammad in scriptures of the world's major religions including Abrahamic religions and Indian religions. The english translation has 3 editions with 3 volumes. The book has been translated in many languages including turkish, Indonesian, french etc. The book has been quoted extensively by many inter-faith scholars including Ahmed Deedat, Zakir Naik, Ved Prakash Upadhyay (Kalki Avatar and Muhammad), Abbas Mahmoud al-Aqqad, Muḥammad Jawād Mughnīyya etc.



You Got What It Takes

"You Got What It Takes" is a 1959 song by Marv Johnson and it was taken from his album "Marvelous Marv Johnson". It went to number 10 in the United States and number 5 in the United Kingdom. It was covered in 1967 by The Dave Clark Five and reached number 28 in the United Kingdom and number 7 in the United States.

Misery (Beatles song)

"Misery" is a song by English rock band the Beatles. It is on their first album "Please Please Me" in 1963. It was written by John Lennon and Paul McCartney. Lennon said he wrote most of the song, and McCartney said they both helped write it together. The song was written in January 1963, and recorded in March 1963.


Australian cuisine

Australian cuisine is the food and cooking practices of Australia and its inhabitants. Australia has absorbed culinary contributions and adaptations from various cultures around the world, including British, European, Asian and Middle Eastern. 

Australian cuisine in the 21st century reflects the influence of globalisation, with many fast-food restaurants and international trends becoming influential. Australia exports many agricultural products, including cattle, sheep, poultry, milk, vegetables, fruit, nuts, wheat, barley and canola. Australia also produces wine, beer and soft drinks.

While fast food chains are abundant, Australia's metropolitan areas have restaurants that offer both local and international foods.

List of South Africa ODI cricketers

This is a list of South Africa ODI cricketers who have played at least one Twenty20 International for South Africa since debuting in 1991.

Notes:

Make Believe (Weezer album)

Make Believe is the fifth studio album made by Weezer. It was released on 10 May, 2005 through Geffen Records and was a commercial success peaking at number 2 in the United States, number 11 in the United Kingdom, number 20 in New Zealand, number 19 in Australia and number 1 in Canada.

The UK and Japan versions of the album came with two additional bonus tracks: live versions of "Butterfly" and "Island in the Sun", whose original recordings appeared on "Pinkerton" and "Weezer" (2001), respectively. The Japanese version also featured a live version of the song "Burndt Jamb", which had appeared on "Maladroit".

Starlight (Muse song)

"Starlight" is a 2006 song by Muse and is the second single from their fourth studio album "Black Holes and Revelations". It went to the top 30 in Belgium, France, Ireland, Italy, Norway, Switzerland and the United Kingdom. It also peaked at number 46 in Australia and number 69 in Canada.




Saint-Jean, Haute-Garonne

Saint-Jean is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Haute-Garonne department in southwest France.

Saint-Jean is twinned with:


Fontanafredda

Fontanafredda is a "comune" in the Province of Pordenone in the Friuli-Venezia Giulia region in Italy.

Fontanafredda is twinned with:


Valdidentro

Valdidentro is a "comune" in the Province of Sondrio in the Lombardy region in Italy.

Grosio

Grosio is a "comune" in the Province of Sondrio in the Lombardy region in Italy.

Grosotto

Grosotto is a "comune" in the Province of Sondrio in the Lombardy region in Italy.

Lanzada

Lanzada is a "comune" in the Province of Sondrio in the Lombardy region in Italy.

Montagna in Valtellina

Montagna in Valtellina is a "comune" in the Province of Sondrio in the Lombardy region in Italy.

Caspoggio

Caspoggio is a "comune" in the Province of Sondrio in the Lombardy region in Italy.

Tolosa, Spain

Tolosa is a municipality of 19,886 people (2022). It is in the province of Gipuzkoa in the autonomous community of the Basque Country in Spain.

Espelkamp

Espelkamp is a town in Minden-Lübbecke in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany. About 25,000 people live there.

Espelkamp is twinned with:


It's All Over Now

"It's All Over Now" is a song written by Bobby Womack and was first released in 1964 by The Valentinos. It was covered by The Rolling Stones and went to number 1 in the United Kingdom and the Netherlands, number 2 in New Zealand, Sweden and Ireland and number 9 in Australia. It has covered by numerous artists since its release.

Carl Schuhmann

Carl August Berthold Schuhmann was an athlete from Germany. Carl won four Olympic titles at the 1896 Summer Olympics. He was born on May 12, 1869 and died on March 24, 1946.

Louis Zutter

Jules Alexis "Louis" Zutter was a gymnast from Switzerland. Jules competed at the 1896 Summer Olympics. He was born on December 2, 1865 and died on November 10, 1946

Hermann Weingärtner

Hermann Otto Ludwig Weingärtner was a gymnast from Germany. Hermann competed at the 1896 Summer Olympics. He was born on August 27, 1864 and died on December 22, 1919.

Henrik Sjöberg

Kristian Henrik Rudolf Sjöberg was a athlete and gymnast from Sweden. Kristian competed at the 1896 Summer Olympics. He was born on January 20, 1875 and died on August 1, 1905.

Conrad Böcker

Conrad Helmut Fritz Böcker was a gymnast from Germany. Conrad competed at the 1896 Summer Olympics. He was born on August 24, 1870 and died on April 8, 1936.

Alfred Flatow

Alfred Flatow was a gymnast from Germany. Alfred competed at the 1896 Summer Olympics. He was born on 3 October 1869 and died on 28 December 1942.

Connected fashion

Connected Fashion is a philosophy and business model that uses technology to recreate brand images and reinvent consumer experiences, as well as between the virtual and physical world.

The goal of Connected Fashion is to create products, by making a digital twin of the physical object. This is very similar to Digital Fashion and includes many features of this trend.

The growth of blockchain technology and NFTs (Non-Fungible Tokens) has played a big part in creating Connected Fashion.

The internet made shopping very easy, and social media apps led to a big increase in the number of influencers. But, the way customers and brands interacted was still mostly one-sided. Customers didn't have a real way to be a part of their favorite brands.

NFT technology lets people create and own unique tokens. In this case, these tokens can represent items that people have bought. They can be used in many ways, like getting into exclusive groups, voting and making decisions, and even keeping track of an item's history. Plus, since NFTs can show who owns something, they can be used to prove that a high-end item is real and not fake. This gives the owner a digital proof that they own the real item.

As technology has gotten better and more things are done online, the idea of having an online identity or an online brand has become more important. Connected Fashion also lets customers prove that they own certain items online and include these items in their online identity and virtual worlds.

Connected Fashion can share more details about where an item comes from and how it was made. The item could have a QR code or something similar that contains information about it. This is very important for ethical or slow fashion.

High-end fashion often has problems with fakes and copies. Connected Fashion can be used as proof of ownership and to show that an item is real and not fake. This is really helpful for influencers and fashion bloggers who want to prove that they own real items. It's also useful for markets where people buy used items and want to know if they are real.

Connected Fashion helps solve the problem of people feeling a disconnect between their real-world fashion and branding and their online identity.

Connected Fashion can also give owners access to special experiences. The NFT of the item can work like a passport, giving the owner access to exclusive events.

Brands and members of the community can put proposals up for a vote. This doesn't just give customers a voice, but it also lets brands get immediate and provable feedback from their community.

Gucci was the first luxury clothing brand to launch an NFT series with the NFT Aria collection which launched at Christie's in June 2022 for $25,000 to commemorate its 100th anniversary. Proceeds from the sale were donated to UNICEF USA.

Also in 2022, Nike launched a digital collection of sports shoes called “Cryptokicks”.

Balmain used NFTs during the Paris Fashion Week F/W 2022 for gated membership experiences, giving holders access to exclusive events and perks.

Connected Fashion began to develop in 2023, with the blockchain company ChromaWay pioneering the term and acquiring clothing brand BLK DNM.

In March 2023, Balmain has released a limited edition NFT sneaker based on its Unicorn shoe line, each with a pair of matching limited edition sneakers from the real world.

Information design

Information design is about presenting information in a way that is easy to understand and efficient. It focuses on effective communication rather than just making things look attractive. It is closely related to graphic design and data visualization and is often taught in design courses.

The term "information design" emerged in the 1970s and gained recognition through publications and organizations dedicated to the field. It involves organizing and structuring information for specific audiences. It can be applied on different scales, from organizing large manuals to designing individual pages. Information design also overlaps with information architecture, which focuses on organizing and structuring information systems.

Early examples of information design include William Playfair's charts on trade, John Snow's maps of a cholera outbreak, and Charles Joseph Minard's diagram of Napoleon's campaign. These examples effectively conveyed information visually and are considered important milestones in the field.

In simple terms, information design helps us present information in a clear and organized way so that it is easy to understand. It involves organizing content, choosing the right visuals, and creating a structure that makes sense to the intended audience. Information design has a long history and has played a significant role in visualizing data and telling stories effectively.

Titilope Gbemisola Akosa

Titilope Gbemisola Akosa was born in Lagos, Nigeria. She is an environmentalist, climate justice, and a feminist. Akosa works for human rights. She is the Vital Voices Lead Fellow and she is an environmental Leader of the Bearhs Environmental Leadership program at the University of California, Berkeley. She started and runs the non-governmental sustainability organization Centre for 21st Century Issues (C21st). She heads the law firm Titi Akosa & Co Nigeria. In 2015, she spoke for women and gender non-governmental organizations at the 2015 Paris Climate Treaty on the topic 'Towards a Gender Responsive Green climate fund in Africa

Titilope Ngozi Akosa was born and brought up in Lagos State, Nigeria. She went to school in Lagos State. She graduated from the Lagos State University. She got her Bachelor of Laws degree (LL.B) and Barrister-at-Law (B.L) from the Nigerian Law School in 1992. She also got her Masters in Law (LL.M) from the University of Lagos Nigeria in 1996. As a law graduate, Titilope Akosa is a lawyer based on civil and criminal litigation and an active Human rights activist.

She was part of the International Visitor Leadership program of the United States on Volunteerism and Community Development.

Super Mario Bros. Wonder

Super Mario Bros. Wonder is a platform game for the Nintendo Switch that released on October 20th, 2023. It was published by Nintendo and is the first side-scrolling Super Mario game since "New Super Mario Bros. U", which released in 2012. The main mechanic is the Wonder Flower, which transforms the level, or the character. There is 12 playable characters.

I Look to You

I Look to You is the seventh and final studio album by American singer Whitney Houston. It was first released on August 28, 2009, through Sony Music in Europe, then August 31, 2009 with Arista Records in the United States before being released by RCA Records in the United Kingdom on October 19, 2009. The album was Houston's first non-holiday studio album since 2002's "Just Whitney".

"I Look to You" received generally positive reviews from music critics.

Notes

The 'International Artist Award' was given "in recognition of her worldwide success exemplified by her international record sales, radio airplay in countries all over the world, live performances that span the globe, and popularity that knows no borders or boundaries."


Haapajärvi

Haapajärvi is a town in Northern Ostrobothnia, Finland. As of 28 February 2023, 6,657 people lived there. Neighbouring municipalities are Haapavesi, Kärsämäki, Nivala, Pihtipudas, Pyhäjärvi, Reisjärvi and Sievi.

Most people speak Finnish.

Haapajärvi was founded in 1868. It became a town in 1977.

Ahola, Autioranta, Haaganperä, Jokela, Kalakangas, Karjalahdenranta, Kiurunperä Koposperä, Kumiseva, Kuona, Kuusaa, Mustanperä, Mäntyperä, Nokkous, Oksava, Olkkola, Parkkila, Puronperä, Tiitonranta, Tuomiperä, Varisperä, Vehkapuhto, Veivarinperä and Ylipää


Pyhäjärvi

Pyhäjärvi is a town in Northern Ostrobothnia, Finland. As of 28 February 2023, 4,813 people lived there. Neighbouring municipalities are Haapajärvi, Kiuruvesi, Kärsämäki, Pielavesi, Pihtipudas and Pyhäntä.


Vahtrepa

Vahtrepa is a village in Pühalepa Parish, Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia.

Valipe

Valipe is a village in Pühalepa Parish, Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia.

Jalognes

Jalognes is a commune. It is in Centre-Val de Loire in the Cher department in central France. In 2020, 273 people lived there.

The Greatest (Sia song)

"The Greatest" is a 2016 song by Australian singer-songwriter Sia and is the third single from her seventh studio album "This Is Acting". The song features a new part with the American rapper Kendrick Lamar. It topped the single charts in Belgium, Mexico and Switzerland. It went to the top ten in Australia, Austria, Canada, the Czech Republic, Denmark, Finland, France, Germany, Greece, Hungary, Iceland, Ireland, Israel, Italy, Lebanon, the Netherlands, New Zealand, Norway, Poland, Portugal, Slovakia, South Korea, Spain, Sweden and the United Kingdom and missed the top 10 in the United States. It is an electropop song.

The song was nominated for a MTV Video Music Award in 2017.

The music video features American dancer Maddie Ziegler together with 48 other young people.

Aural Sculpture

Aural Sculpture is the eighth studio album by English rock band The Stranglers. It was released on 5 November, 1984 through Epic Records. It went to number 14 in the United Kingdom, number 37 in Sweden, number 31 in the Netherlands, number 17 in Germany, number 38 in Australia and number 13 in New Zealand.


The original 11-track album is coupled with a bonus 10-track album, which features B-sides and extended 12" mixes.

The original 11-track album is coupled with a bonus 14-track album, entitled "Shrouded in Black", which features B-sides plus 9 live tracks, most of which are previously unreleased.

Malabar gliding frog

The Malabar flying frog, Malabar gliding frog, or flying frog ("Rhacophorus malabaricus") is a frog. It lives in Indonesia, Thailand, Malaysia, and the Phillippines.

Scientists sometimes wonder if a frog is "R. malabaricus" or another species, "R. pseudomalabaricus". They say one good way to tell these two frogs apart is to look at where the frog lives: "R. pseudomalabaricus" lives high than 955 meters above sea level. If the frog is close to sea level, it is probably "R. malabaricus", and if it is high up in the hills, it is probably "R. pseudomalabaricus".

Please Stay (Kylie Minogue song)

"Please Stay" is a 2000 song by Kylie Minogue and is the fourth single from her seventh studio album "Light Years". It went to number 15 in Australia, number 10 in both Scotland and the United Kingdom, number 69 in the Netherlands and number 34 in Ireland.

Australasian and UK CD1, UK cassette single

Australasian and UK CD2

European enhanced CD single

UK 12-inch single

Gustav Flatow

Gustav Felix Flatow was a gymnast from Germany. Gustav competed at the 1896 Summer Olympics and at the 1900 Summer Olympics. He was born on 7 January 1875 and died on 29 January 1945.

Georg Hillmar

Georg Otto Hilmar was a gymnast from Germany. Georg competed at the 1896 Summer Olympics. He was born on 10 October 1876 and died on 12 December 1911.

Fritz Manteuffel

Julius Carl Fritz Manteuffel was a gymnast from Germany. Julius competed at the 1896 Summer Olympics and at the 1990 Summer Olympics. He was born on 11 January 1875 and died on 21 April 1941.

Karl Neukirch

Karl Bruno Paul Neukirch was a gymnast from Germany. Karl competed at the 1896 Summer Olympics. He was born on 3 November 1864 and died on 27 June 1941.

Richard Röstel

Richard Röstel was a gymnast from Germany. Richard competed at the 1896 Summer Olympics. He was born in 1872.

Excited state

When an electron is transferred from its ground state to other upper energy levels (called excited state of an electron) by providing heat enthalpy then the atom is said to be in excited state. An atom is not stable in its excited state. It needs to be in its ground state (which is also its energy level with highest magnitude) to be stable.

Peter Lely

Peter Lely Was A Painter. He Used To Create Paintings!

Lego House

"Lego House" is a 2011 song by English singer-songwriter Ed Sheeran and is the third single from his debut studio album "+". It went to the top 20 in Australia, Belgium, Ireland, Israel, Lebanon, New Zealand and the United Kingdom. It also peaked at number 42 in the United States and number 54 in Canada.

Kärsämäki

Kärsämäki is a municipality in Northern Ostrobothnia, Finland. As of 28 February 2023, 2,467 people lived there. Neighbouring municipalities are Haapajärvi, Haapavesi, Pyhäjärvi, Pyhäntä and Siikalatva.


Michael Angerschmid

Michael Angerschmid (born 24 February 1974 in Schärding) is an Austrian football manager. Before his managerial career he was midfielder and defender for SV Ried.
Michael Angerschmid played at SV Ried throughout his career. In total he played 277 games in Austria's highest league for SV Ried, scoring 13 goals. Throughout his player career he played 406 matches for Ried and scored 21 goals. Angerschmid played in the SV Ried squad that won the Austrian Cup in 1998.

After completing his playing career, Angerschmid became the coach of SV Ried Amateurs. In his first season, 2007/08, he managed to get promoted from the Bezirksliga to the Landesliga West. In the 2008/09 season they were promoted to the Upper Austria League (fourth level). In the last three games of the 2007/08 season Angerschmid was interim coach of SV Ried. From the 2008/09 season he was also assistant coach of SV Ried in the team of head coach Paul Gludovatz. In December 2012 he was promoted to head coach. After his release in 2014, he was coach of the Regionalliga club Union St. Florian for a short time.

From June 2015 to June 2019 he was assistant coach at LASK Linz under Oliver Glasner. With Glasner he moved in the summer of 2019 as assistant coach to the German Bundesliga club VfL Wolfsburg. 2021 he went together with Glasner to Eintracht Frankfurt.


Sievi

Sievi is a municipality in Northern Ostrobothnia, Finland. As of 28 February 2023, 4,742 people lived there. Neighbouring municipalities are Haapajärvi, Kalajoki, Kannus, Lestijärvi, Nivala, Reisjärvi, Toholampi and Ylivieska. It was founded in 1867.

Most people speak Finnish.


Somewhere Out There (An American Tail song)

"Somewhere Out There" is a 1986 song by Linda Ronstadt and James Ingram and was taken from the 1986 movie "An American Tail". It went to number 2 in both the United States and Canada, number 8 in the United Kingdom, number 6 in Ireland, number 31 in Australia and number 15 in Sweden. It won 2 Grammy Awards in 1988.

Rolling Loud

Rolling Loud is a hip hop music festival. It was started in 2015 by Matt Zingler and Tariq Cherif. The first Rolling Loud took place on Feburary 28, 2015 at Soho Studios in Miami, Florida. It was headlined by Schoolboy Q, Juicy J, and A$AP Ferg.

Rolling Loud events have been held in Miami (2017-"present"), California (2017-"present"), New York (2019-"present"), Sydney, Australia (2019), Portugal (2020-"present"), Toronto (2022), Rotterdam, Netherlands (2023), Munich, Germany (2023), and Pattaya, Thailand (2023).


Rooster (song)

"Rooster" is a 1993 song by Alice in Chains and is the fourth single from their second studio album "Dirt". It went to number 35 in Hungary and number 7 on the Billboard Mainstream Rock chart. It was later included on their 2006 greatest hits album "The Essential Alice in Chains".

Kalajoki

Kalajoki is a town in Northern Ostrobothnia, Finland. As of 28 February 2023, 12,328 people lived there. Neighbouring municipalities are Alavieska, Kokkola, Kannus, Merijärvi, Pyhäjoki, Sievi and Ylivieska.


All Night (Beyoncé song)

"All Night" is a 2016 song by Beyoncé. It was taken from her sixth studio album "Lemonade". It went to number 38 in the United States, number 73 in Canada, number 30 in Hungary, number 60 in the United Kingdom and number 57 in Scotland.

Sárospatak

Sárospatak (; or ) is a town in Borsod-Abaúj-Zemplén County in northern Hungary.

Sárospatak is twinned with:

Ratzwiller

Ratzwiller is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Rauwiller

Rauwiller is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Reichsfeld

Reichsfeld is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Reichshoffen

Reichshoffen is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France. In 2020, 5,416 people lived there. The church of Saint-Michel was built in 1772.

Reichstett

Reichstett is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Reinhardsmunster

Reinhardsmunster is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Retschwiller

Retschwiller (; ) is a commune in the Bas-Rhin department in Grand Est. It is in north-eastern France.


Rexingen

Rexingen is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Rhinau

Rhinau is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Richtolsheim

Richtolsheim is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Riedseltz

Riedseltz is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Rimsdorf

Rimsdorf is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Ringeldorf

Ringeldorf is a former commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France. On 1 January 2019, it was merged into the commune of Val-de-Moder.

Ringendorf

Ringendorf is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Rittershoffen

Rittershoffen is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Rœschwoog

Rœschwoog is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Co-amoxiclav

Co-amoxiclav is an antibiotic that is also known as Amoxicillin/clavulanic acid. It is used to treat bacterial infections such as pneumonia, animal bites, urinary tract infections. The antibiotic is also used in veterinary practices and is commonly given to farm animals and pets against similar infections. It's brand name in the UK is Augmentin and is only available on prescription.

Because the antibiotic is used widely amongst humans and animals, bacterial resistance to this antibiotic is growing.

Co-amoxiclav was identified in 1972 by a group of scientists in Beecham (now GlaxoSmithKline). It was launched as Augmentin in the UK in 1981 and it is a combination of clavulanic acid and Amoxicillin. It is now on the World Health Organisation's list of Essential Medicines meaning it is very important in modern medicine.

As with most antibiotics, some side effects of Co-amoxiclav include vomiting, diarrhea and headaches. A history of problems with penicillin is also an indicator that Co-amoxiclav should not be taken. 

Val-de-Moder

Val-de-Moder is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France. The municipality was created on 1 January 2016 and consists of the former communes of Pfaffenhoffen (the seat), Uberach and La Walck. On 1 January 2019, the former commune of Ringeldorf became a part of Val-de-Moder.

Golden Eighties

Golden Eighties (also known as Window Shopping) is a 1986 Belgian French Swiss musical comedy movie directed by Chantal Akerman. It stars Delphine Seyrig, Myriam Boyer, Lio, Fanny Cottençon, Jean-François Balmer, Charles Denner and Pascale Salkin.


Mercedes-Benz A-Class

The Mercedes-Benz A-Class is a small luxury car made by the luxury car brand Mercedes-Benz. 

It is the brand's smallest car, below the B-Class. Since 2018, there has been a sedan option, made for small sedan buyers. The 1st gen is codenamed W168, and started in 1997 the 2nd gen, codenamed W169, started in 2004, the 3rd gen, codenamed W176, started in 2012, and the 4th gen, codenamed W177, with a sedan codenamed V177, started in 2018.

In 1994, Mercedes had confirmed a new small car would be made, was first seen in 1996, and was released in 1997 at a motor show in Frankfurt, Germany. Although it is a small subcompact car, it is large and practical inside, like a mid-size car. It was designed by Steve Mattin, who also designed the ML-Class, and the GL-Class. It is unusual for Mercedes to make a front-wheel drive hatchback with a short, but tall body. Its code name is W168.

In between 1997-2004, 1.1 million units were produced, but the problem is that, Daimler had lost €1,440 making each unit.

In early 2001, the A-Class had gotten a change, adding new front and back.

The new A-Class' codename is W169 and it is constructed with high-strength steel alloys, and has increased cargo capacity by 15 percent, compared to the W168 A-Class. Unlike the previous, or next generation, this generation of A-Class had a 3-door and 5-door option. While the 5-door is codenamed W169, the 3-door is codenamed 'C169'.

In 2008, the A-Class had gotten a change, meaning it had gotten longer, received longer doors, and has new headlights and taillights.

The new A-Class is completely different from the 2 previous generations. Unlike the previous 2, who used the W168 and W169 model codes, the new W176 has a larger model code. The new car has grown 400 mm (0.4 m) longer. It has new headlights, taillights, body style, refreshed interior, cooler rear lights and front lights, now making it closer to the small luxury car segment and daytime running lights.

The new A-Class is more expressive than the previous models, directly competes with the Audi A3 and BMW 1 Series, as they are all German luxury small family cars.
In 2015, the A-Class had gotten a change for 2016, adding bolder, restyled headllights, and better technology.

The new A-Class is the fourth generation of the Mercedes-Benz A-Class, the successor of the W176. Its codename is W177, and features multiple design cues from the previous A-Class.

The V177 is a sedan version of the W177 hatchback. A longer version is also only sold in China, codenamed Z177.

Uberach

Uberach is a former commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France. On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the new commune of Val-de-Moder.

La Walck

La Walck is a former commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France. On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the new commune of Val-de-Moder.

Rohrwiller

Rohrwiller is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Romanswiller

Romanswiller is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

University of Limerick

The University of Limerick was set up in 1989. It is about 3 miles along the River Shannon from the centre of Limerick on a large wooded site. In 2023 there were 17,500 students and about 1,800 staff.

It was voted Ireland’s most popular university with a satisfaction rating of 85%.

Joy (Austrian band)

Joy also known as "Schweitzer's Joy" was a Austrian euro-disco pop band, known for the songs of "Touch by Touch", "Valerie". founded in 1984, by Andy Schweitzer, Alfred Jaklitsch and Manfred Temmel. 




Touch by Touch

"Touch by Touch" is a song by Austrian Euro disco band Joy, released in November 1, 1985 as the second single from their debut album, "Hello". The song was a huge success in their homeland, where it reached number one. In Germany, the song reached the top 20, peaking at No. 18 in 1986. It also became a hit in East Asia and the Philippines, and remains as the band's signature song. the soundtrack appears in the South Korean dub of "Nutri Ventures" and "Kid Cosmic," and others.

Irish pub

An Irish pub is a sort of public house branded as having links with Ireland, and particularly with Irish beer. They have a reputation for casual and friendly atmosphere, hearty food and drink, Irish sports, and traditional Irish music. Most pubs on the island of Ireland are independently owned and licensed. 

There are about 7,000 Irish themed pubs in the rest of the world. Guinness is generally advertised. The Irish Pub Company works with the brewery and runs some of them. 

Guinness

Guinness () is an Irish beer first made in the brewery of Arthur Guinness in Dublin, Ireland, in 1759. It is one of the most successful alcohol brands in the world. It is brewed in almost 50 countries, and available in over 120. Sales in 2011 amounted to . Although it sells less than in 2001, it is the best-selling alcoholic drink in Ireland where the Guinness Brewery makes almost €2 billion worth of beer annually.

Transport in Marseille

Marseille has a complex public transport system.

A network of motorways connects Marseille to the north and west (A7), Aix-en-Provence in the north (A51), Toulon (A50) and the French Riviera (A8) to the east.

Marseille-Saint-Charles is the main railway station. It opened in 1848. All the tracks have overhead electric power cables. There is a TGV service to Paris which takes about 3 1/2 hours. There are also TGV services to Madrid, Frankfurt, Amsterdam and Lille, and regional and local services. There is a small harbour station at La Joliette.

The Marseille Metro is a rapid transit system, started in 1977. It has two lines, partly underground, serving 31 stations. There are also three tramway lines, with 32 stations. 

There are 104 bus lines. There are ferry services, both across the old port and along the coast. 

A bicycle sharing system named "Le vélo" was started in 2007.

There are plans for developing multi-modal transport in the region. 

Kenau

Kenau is a 2014 Dutch Hungarian Belgian action movie directed by Maarten Treurniet and starring Monic Hendrickx, Barry Atsma, Sallie Harmsen, Lisa Smit.

Hazing

Hazing (American English), initiation, beasting (British English), bastardisation (Australian English), or ragging (South Asian English) means making new people in a group do dangerous, stupid, or unpleasant things (activities.) These are things that humiliate, embarrass, degrade, or endanger someone even if the person agrees to do them. Hazing is a type of bullying. Sex acts, drinking too much alcohol or eating too much food are often part of hazing. An illegal sex act that sometimes happens is that several or many young men (one after another) rape (have sex with someone without the person's agreement or consent.) Usually the person raped is a woman who is drunk, drugged, or being held down. Sometimes gross or disgusting things are done to new people in the group. An example is holding the new person's head in a garbage can or giving the person a swirly. For gangs, committing a murder is sometimes a thing new members are made to do. For gangs, it is not called hazing. It is called an initiation rite.

Hazing happens in many different types of social groups, including schools, colleges, universities, sports teams, cliques (groups of students who others consider popular or special), military units, prisons, gangs, fraternities and sororities, and workplaces. The types of workplaces where hazing is common are usually jobs like construction or factory jobs more than office jobs, although "team building" activities at offices can be very close to hazing.

Hazing is often against rules, but teachers or bosses ignore it ("look the other way") and say they did not see it happen.

Sometimes people die because of hazing. For example, a student might drink too much alcohol and fall off a roof.

Required physical training such as being forced to run a long distance or do a lot of push-ups in an army is not called hazing. 

Khabarovsk Krai

Khabarovsk Krai () is a federal subject (a krai) of Russia. The administrative center is the city of Khabarovsk. In 2010, 1,343,869 people lived there.

Krasnoyarsk Krai

Krasnoyarsk Krai () is a federal subject (a krai) of Russia, in Siberia. The administrative center is the city of Krasnoyarsk. In 2010, 2,828,187 people lived there.

Zabaykalsky Krai

Zabaykalsky Krai () is a federal subject (a krai) of Russia. The administrative center is the city of Chita. In 2010, 1,107,107 people lived there.

The krai was created on 1 March 2008 from the merger of Chita Oblast and Agin-Buryat Autonomous Okrug.

Yamalo-Nenets Autonomous Okrug

The Yamalo-Nenets Autonomous Okrug (YaNAO; , ; , ) or Yamalia () is a federal subject of Russia and an autonomous okrug of Tyumen Oblast. Its administrative center is the town of Salekhard and its largest city is Noyabrsk. In 2010, 522,904 people lived there.

Salekhard

Salekhard (; ) is a town in Russia. It is the administrative center of Yamalo-Nenets Autonomous Okrug. In 2010, 42,544 people lived there.

Naryan-Mar

Naryan-Mar (; ) is a port town in Russia. It is the administrative center of Nenets Autonomous Okrug. In 2010, 21,658 people lived there.

Krasnoznamensk, Kaliningrad Oblast

Krasnoznamensk (; (1734-1938), "" (1938-1946); ; ) is a town in Kaliningrad Oblast, Russia. In 2010, 3,522 people lived there.

Ladushkin

Ladushkin (; ; ; ) is a town in Kaliningrad Oblast, Russia. It is between Kaliningrad and the Polish border. In 2010, 3,787 people lived there.

Gusev, Kaliningrad Oblast

Gusev (; ; ; ) is a town in Kaliningrad Oblast, Russia. In 2010, 28,260 people lived there.

Solnechnogorsk

Solnechnogorsk () is a town in Moscow Oblast, Russia. In 2010, 52,944 people lived there.

Syzran

Syzran () is a city in Samara Oblast, Russia. In 2010, 178,750 people lived there.

Kamensk-Uralsky

Kamensk-Uralsky () is a city in Sverdlovsk Oblast, Russia. In 2010, 174,689 people lived there.

Wallace's flying frog

The Wallace's flying frog, flying tree frog, black-webbed tree frog, Wallace's whipping frog, Wallace's flying tree frog, or Wallace's tree frog ("Rhacophorus nigropalmatus") is a frog that lives in Thailand, Malaya, Myanmar, Sumatra, and Borneo. People have seen it between 700 and 1800 feet above sea level (230 to 600 meters).

The adult frog is about 90-100 mm long. The eyes are very large. There are large disks on its toes for climbing. The skin of the frog's back is green in color and shiny. It has some white marks. The sides, belly, and the insides of the hind legs are yellow in color. The webbed skin is black and yellow in color.

The female frog makes a nest out of foam and puts the eggs in them. She leaves the nest on branches hanging over water. When the tadpoles come out of the eggs, they fall into the water below.

Severodvinsk

Severodvinsk () is a city in Arkhangelsk Oblast, Russia. In 2010, 192,353 people lived there.

Severodvinsk is twinned with:

Eurovision Song Contest 1956

The Eurovision Song Contest 1956 was the first edition of the Eurovision Song Contest. It was held in Lugano, Switzerland. The event was hosted in Italian by Lohengrin Filipello. Seven countries participated, the least out of any Eurovision edition. Each country sent in two songs. 

The winner was decided by a group of music experts, two from each country, named the 'jury'. Each juror voted once for their favourite song. The Luxembourgish jurors were unable to attend so two Swiss people took their place. The winner was Switzerland, with the song "Refrain" by Lys Assia. 

Eurovision Song Contest 1957

The Eurovision Song Contest 1957 was the second edition of the annual Eurovision Song Contest. The contest was held on Sunday 3 March 1957 and was hosted in Frankfurt, West Germany by Anaid Iplicjian. 

All countries from the previous contest returned while the United Kingdom, Austria and Denmark made their debut.

The winner was decided by voting. Ten music experts from each participating country voted for their favorite song.

Lohengrin Filipello

Lohengrin Filipello (c. 1918 – 29 December 1993) was a Swiss television presenter. He is best known for hosting the first edition of the Eurovision Song Contest in 1956.

Rosa Linn

Roza Kostandyan (born 20 May 2000), known professionally as Rosa Linn, is an Armenian singer. 

In 2022, she represented Armenia in the Eurovision Song Contest 2022 with the song "Snap". She finished in 20th place. However, the song went viral on TikTok and she became popular worldwide.

Tamila Sarikhanova

Tamila Sarikhanova (uz: Tamila Sarixanova, ru: Тамила Сарыханова born June 13, 1992) - is a team manager of Uzbek Tigers and Uzbekistan Olympic Boxing Team, Vice Chariman of IBA's (International Boxing Association) technical management committee and first female IBA Supervisor from Uzbekistan. 
Tamila Sarikhanova was born in Tashkent, Uzbekistan on 13 June in 1993. She has graduated from Management Development Institute of Singapore in Tashkent 2015 and started working for Uzbekistan Boxing Federation as a head of International department. In 2016 she began managing the Uzbek Tigers, the team obtained bronze medal of WSB (World Series of Boxing) at the end of the season. 

Cephalosporins

Cephalosporins are a type of group of antibiotics, which come from a fungus of the genus Acremonium. Since their discovery, they have been frequently used in medicine as an effective treatment for a wide range of bacterial infections.

Cephalosporins were first developed from a fungus, "Cephalosporin acremonium", found in 1945.

Giuseppe Brotzu, a pharmacologist working in Cagliari, Italy, found the fungus while trying to make a map of places affected by the disease typhoid fever. This fungus appeared in sewage water from locations where fewer people were becoming ill from the disease.

Scientists at the University of Oxford were able to extract molecules from the fungus, to research and develop the first generation of these antibiotics during the late 1940s and the 1950s. These first became commercially available in 1964.

The first cephalosporins antibiotics were produced from a molecule called 'cephalosporin C', obtained from the "Cephalosporin acremonium" fungus. The molecule consists of two rings, each with a chain.

Second-generation cephalosporins were developed from first-generation cephalosporins, because of a need for more effective treatments against the increasing number of bacteria developing resistance to other antibiotics.

Third-generation cephalosporins are improved versions of the second-generation, as they are broad-spectrum antibiotics. Broad-spectrum antibiotics can be used against bacteria with or without protective membranes.

Cephalosporins work by attaching themselves to specific enzymes after the bacteria divide and duplicate. These enzymes are known as 'penicillin binding proteins' and are responsible for repairing the cell wall of bacteria. This leaves a gap in the bacterial cell wall, and results in the osmotic pressure inside a bacterium to build up. Bacteria can no longer survive if the osmotic pressure becomes too high.

Cephalosporins are an effective treatment against bacteria which are Gram-positive. Some examples of Gram-positive bacterial infections are meningitis and pneumonia. Third-generation cephalosporins play an important role in treating such illnesses.

From the 1960s to the 1990s, cephalosporins played a particularly significant role in US hospitals. They were used to treat patients affected by bacteria infections after operations, and this rate of infection was cut down by over 50%.

Lexus UX

The Lexus UX is a car made by Lexus, Toyota's luxury car brand. 

It is a small Japanese crossover SUV that was shown to the public in March 2018, at the Geneva Motor Show. It has a bold and stylish design with a small size. 'UX' stands for 'Urban Crossover', as the UX is made for places like smaller areas in cities.

The UX is sold in over 80 countries worldwide. It started in the U.S in December 2018, started in Thailand in March 2019, Europe in October 2019, and it started in the first 3 months in Australia.

There is a gas-powered on called the UX 200, a hybrid called UX 250h, and a fully electric one called UX 300e.

Auckland Region

Auckland () is one of the 16 regions of New Zealand. It is on the North Island. It is named after the city of Auckland.

It is the most populated region of New Zealand, containing 33% of the country's population.

Northland Region

Northland () is one of the 16 regions of New Zealand. It is on the North Island. Its largest city is Whāngarei.

It is the northernmost region of New Zealand.

Regions of New Zealand

New Zealand is divided into 16 regions () for local government purposes.

Notes:

(1) These regions have "unitary authorities".

(2) The Gisborne Region is still widely but unofficially known by its former name East Cape or as the East Coast.

Waikato

Waikato () is one of the 16 regions of New Zealand. It is on the North Island. Its largest city is Hamilton.

Bay of Plenty Region

Bay of Plenty (), sometimes abbreviated to BOP, is one of the 16 regions of New Zealand. It is on the North Island. Its largest city is Whakatāne.

Gisborne District

Gisborne () is one of the 16 regions of New Zealand. It is on the North Island. Its largest city is Gisborne.

Hawke's Bay

Hawke's Bay () is one of the 16 regions of New Zealand. It is on the North Island. Its largest city is Napier.

Napier

Napier ( ; ) is a city on the North Island of New Zealand. It is the seat of the Hawke's Bay region.

Its twin city is Hastings.

Twin cities

The term "twin city" (or "twin town") refers to a city or town that is very close to another city or town that together form one urban area but are still different to each other.

In Australia, the term is used to refer to cities or towns that are close to each other but are on other sides of a state border or a river. Some examples include the Gold Coast-Tweed Heads area (the Gold Coast is in Queensland while Tweed Heads is in New South Wales) and the Albury-Wodonga area (Albury is in New South Wales while Wodonga is in Victoria; these cities are also separated by the Murray River).


Taranaki

Taranaki is one of the 16 regions of New Zealand. It is on the North Island. Its largest city is New Plymouth and its seat is Stratford.

Starburst (candy)

Starburst are a type of taffy made by The Wrigley Company. Pieces of Starburst come in small squares and are fruit flavored. It was first made in 1960 in England and were first called Opal Fruits.

Starburst were discontinued in New Zealand in April 2021 and in Australia in June 2022 because of rising costs and supply chain issues in those countries.


Manawatū-Whanganui

Manawatū-Whanganui (; spelt Manawatu-Wanganui until 2019) is one of the 16 regions of New Zealand. It is on the North Island. Its largest city is Palmerston North.

Wellington Region

Wellington () is one of the 16 regions of New Zealand. It is on the North Island. It is named after Wellington.

Tasman District

Tasman () is one of the 16 regions of New Zealand. It is on the South Island. Its largest town is Richmond.

Marlborough District

Marlborough () is one of the 16 regions of New Zealand. It is on the South Island. Its largest city is Blenheim.

West Coast Region

West Coast () is one of the 16 regions of New Zealand. It is on the South Island. Its largest town is Greymouth.

Canterbury Region

Canterbury () is one of the 16 regions of New Zealand. It is on the South Island. Its largest city is Christchurch.

Otago

Otago (, ; ) is one of the 16 regions of New Zealand. It is on the South Island. Its largest city is Dunedin.

Southland Region

Southland () is one of the 16 regions of New Zealand. It is on the South Island. Its largest city is Invercargill.

It is the southernmost region of New Zealand.

Volvo XC40

The Volvo XC40 is a car made by the luxury car brand Volvo, one of Geely’s luxury car brands. 

It is a Swedish small crossover SUV, and is the smallest gas-powered crossover from Volvo, below the XC60. It was shown to the public on September 2017, and you could start ordering one in November 2017. The XC40 was made for small places like urban areas, or cities.

The XC40 is mainly sold in Europe, U.S., China, and Australia, but it sells the best in Europe. The XC40 was designed by Thomas Ingenlath, and its concept was called ‘Volvo Concept 40.1’. There is also a fully electric one called the ‘Volvo XC40 Recharge’.
In 2022, the XC40 had gotten redone headlights.

Compact car

Compact car is a car classification that comes from the United States. It is usually used on hatchbacks above , and length, or sedans in between . Small family car is the same as ‘compact car’, but it is used on European cars.

Coffee Crisp

Coffee Crisp is a chocolate bar made by Nestlé. It is made of coffee flavored candy in between vanilla wafers and covered with milk chocolate.

It was first made by Rowntree's in Canada in 1932. The Canadian Rowntree's factory was bought by Nestlé in 1988.


Tesla Model X

The Tesla Model X is an electric car made by Tesla. It is a fully-electric mid-size luxury crossover SUV, and is one of the fastest SUVs ever made. In 2016, the Model X ranked seventh among the world's best-selling plug-in cars.

The Model X shares 30% of its properties with the Tesla Model S, as the Model X is basically just an SUV version of it. The Model X is one of the safest SUVs in a rollover accident, or a frontal crash. Both the Model S and Model X are produced in the Tesla Factory in Fremont, California. The Model X is about 37 centimetres longer than the Model Y, a smaller version of the Model X.

According to EPA, the Model X can go 325 miles (523 kilometres) on a single charge in 2020, but in 2021, it can do 351 miles (565 kilometres).

Nocardia

Nocardia is a genus of bacteria with more than 100 species. It is found worldwide in organic-matter-rich soil.

Some species cause harm if eaten.

"Nocardia" uses aerobic respiration to grow in a wide temperature range.

Most "Nocardia" strains have a virulence factor which damages hosts. Transmission of bacteria via inhalation or through open wounds may lead to "Nocardia" infection. People with weakened immune systems are more susceptible to "Nocardia" infections.

"Nocardia" infections are treated by sulfonamide antibiotics. Antibiotic therapy and proper wound care are essential to patient recovery.

Paola Pivi

Paola Pivi (born 1971) is an Italian multimedia artist.

In 1999, she received the "Golden Lion Award" at the Venice Biennale.

Krasnoznamensk

Krasnoznamensk () is the name of two towns in Russia:

Almetyevsk

Almetyevsk (; ) is a city in Tatarstan, Russia. It is on the left bank of the Zay River and is southeast of Kazan. In 2010, 146,393 people lived there.

Camillo Jerusalem

Camillo Jerusalem (3 April 1914 – 1 August 1979) was an Austrian football player. He played for Austria Wien, for different clubs in France and Servette and Grenchen in Switzerland as forward.
At the age of fourteen, Camillo Jerusalem played as a center forward in the first team of the small club Falke. At the age of 16 he went to Landstrasse Amateure in the third league. After six months he went to FK Austria Wien. Camillo Jerusalem won his first title in 1935 when Austria beat WAC 5-1 in the ÖFB Cup final. In the following season, the cup triumph was repeated versus First Vienna FC.

After the annexation of Austria in 1938, he left Austria Wien. He went to FC Sochaux in France. After the end of the war in 1945 Camillo Jerusalem returned to Vienna. He was immediately called by Karl Zankl in the Austrian national team before he had even played a league match for Austria. After six months in Vienna he was called back to FC Sochaux. From 1946 to 1947 he played for CO Roubaix Tourcoing and became French champion. After a year at SR Colmarhe moved to RCFC Besançon in Division 2 in 1949. After a few months he went to Servette FC Genève, where he won the Swiss championship in 1950 . In 1951, Camillo Jerusalem became a player-coach for FC Grenchen, which had been relegated to the second division. He brought the club back to the National League A in the very first season by winning relegation.
He debuted for the Austrian national football team on 17 May 1936 in a 2-2 away draw versus Italy. His last match was on 6 December 1945 in a 4-1 win versus France. He played 12 matches and scored 6 goals.


Minecraft Live

Minecraft Live, formerly called Minecon, is a livestream and fan convention about the video game "Minecraft". It is held every year and is hosted by Mojang Studios, the company that made "Minecraft".

Epsom (New Zealand electorate)

Epsom is an electorate of the New Zealand House of Representatives. It is in Auckland.

By size, Epsom is the smallest electorate in New Zealand, covering just 20km² (8 sq mi). However, it is also the richest electorate, with a median household income of NZD$118,300. It is also a conservative electorate, having only ever been held by either the National Party or the ACT Party.

Ikaroa-Rāwhiti

Ikaroa-Rāwhiti is a Māori electorate of the New Zealand House of Representatives. It was created in 1999.

Waiariki (New Zealand electorate)

Waiariki is a Māori electorate of the New Zealand House of Representatives. It was created in 1999.

 

Te Tai Tonga

Te Tai Tonga () is a Māori electorate of the New Zealand House of Representatives. It was created in 1996. It covers the entire South Island, as well as the Chatham Islands and Stewart Island.

 

Te Tai Tokerau

Te Tai Tokerau () is a Māori electorate of the New Zealand House of Representatives. It was created in 1996.

Te Tai Hauāuru

Te Tai Hauāuru () is a Māori electorate of the New Zealand House of Representatives. It was created in 1996.

 

Tāmaki Makaurau

Tāmaki Makaurau () is a Māori electorate of the New Zealand House of Representatives. It was created in 2002.

 

Hauraki-Waikato

Hauraki-Waikato is a Māori electorate of the New Zealand House of Representatives. It was created in 2008.

Tavrovskoye rural settlement

Tavrovskoye rural settlement is a municipality in the Belgorod district of the Belgorod region of Russia.

The administrative center is the village of Tavrovo.

Tavrovskoye rural settlement was formed on December 20, 2004 in accordance with the Law of the Belgorod Region No. 159.


Roppenheim

Roppenheim is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Rosenwiller

Rosenwiller is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Rosheim

Rosheim is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Rossfeld

Rossfeld is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Rosteig

Rosteig is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Rothau

Rothau is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Rott, Bas-Rhin

Rott is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Rottelsheim

Rottelsheim is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Russ, Bas-Rhin

Russ is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Saales

Saales is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Saasenheim

Saasenheim is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Saessolsheim

Saessolsheim is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Saint-Blaise-la-Roche

Saint-Blaise-la-Roche is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Saint-Jean-Saverne

Saint-Jean-Saverne is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Hopsten

Hopsten is a municipality in Steinfurt in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.

Büren, Westphalia

Büren is a town in Paderborn in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.

Büren is at the confluence of the rivers Alme and Afte. It is about 20 km southwest of Paderborn and about 30 km southeast of Lippstadt.


Büren has 12 districts:
Büren is twinned with:


Bad Wünnenberg

Bad Wünnenberg is a town in Paderborn in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.

Cherkessk

Cherkessk () is the capital city of Karachay-Cherkessia, Russia. In 2010, 129,069 people lived there.

Saint-Martin, Bas-Rhin

Saint-Martin is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Saint-Maurice, Bas-Rhin

Saint-Maurice is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Saint-Nabor

Saint-Nabor is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Saint-Pierre, Bas-Rhin

Saint-Pierre is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Saint-Pierre-Bois

Saint-Pierre-Bois is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Enzyme kinetics

Enzyme kinetics is a field of chemistry. It describes how fast reactions happen, that involve enzymes. Enzyme kinetics is widely used in biology and chemistry. In enzyme kinetics, the reaction rate is measured, and the effects of different other factors of the environment are taken into account. Studying an enzyme this way can help people explain its role in the metabolism of animals and humans. It can also show how a certain substance or drug can affect this rate. 

Isabelle Drummond

Isabelle Christine Lourenço Gomes Drummond (born April 12, 1994) is a Brazilian actress. She began her career in 2000 in the telenovela "Laços De Família" and gained recognition in 2001 where she played Emília in the children's sitcom "Sítio Do Pica-Pau Amarelo". and later acted in telenovelas "Eterna Magia", "A Favorita", "Caras & Bocas", "Cheias de Charme", "Sangue Bom" and "Geração Brasil". Isabelle dated singer Tiago Iorc. 

Drummond was born in Niterói in Rio de Janeiro. 

Saikhom Mirabai Chanu

Saikhom Mirabai Chanu (born 8 August 1994) is an Indian weightlifter. Mirabai Chanu lifted a total of 201 kg, winning the Gold Metal at the CWG 2022. She won the silver medal at the 2020 Summer Olympics in the Women's 49 kg category.

Miriam Chaszczewacki

Miriam Chaszczewacki or Miriam Chaszczewacka (1924–1942) was 15-year old Jewish girl and Holocaust victim who in 1939 began keeping a personal diary about her life in the Radomsko ghetto which ended a few days before her death in 1942.

Abubakar Muhammad Zakaria

Abubakar Muhammad Zakaria Mojumder (; born 1969) is a Bangladeshi Islamic scholar, media personality, professor, writer, preacher and Islamic speaker. He works as a Professor of Fiqh and Legal Studies at Islamic University Kushtia. He discusses Islamic programs and Islam in various newspapers and magazines on various Bangladeshi television channels. He also gives sermons at various Islamic mahfils and pre-Jumu'ah prayers Khutba at various places. His ""Tafsir Zakaria"" was published by King Fahad Printing Press. It is the official publication of Saudi Arabia, and the book is appreciated by the Muslim readers of Bengal. His book Hindusiat wa Tasur and Shirk Phil Kadim wal Hadith are very popular in the Arab world. Besides, his books are also in curriculum in public higher studies of Bangladesh. On the 2023 Hajj, his two-volume Bengali tafsir published from Saudi Arabia was given as a gift from the Saudi government to all Bengali pilgrims.


Susanna Hall

Susanna Hall (née Shakespeare; baptized 26 May 1583 – 11 July 1649) was the oldest daughter of William Shakespeare and Anne Hathaway. She was the older sister of twins Judith and Hamnet Shakespeare. Susanna married the physician John Hall in 1607.

Podemos (Spanish political party)

Podemos (, "We Can") is a Spanish left-wing political party. It was founded in 2014 by Pablo Iglesias Turrión as a political platform for the anti-austerity 15-M movement. 

After the November 2019 Spanish general election, Podemos joined a coalition government with PSOE. This was the first coalition government in the country since the Second Spanish Republic.

Bay of Plenty (New Zealand electorate)

Bay of Plenty is an electorate of the New Zealand House of Representatives.

Botany (New Zealand electorate)

Botany is an electorate of the New Zealand House of Representatives. It is in Auckland.

Coromandel (New Zealand electorate)

Coromandel is an electorate of the New Zealand House of Representatives.

X-Plane

X-Plane is a flight simulator made and released by Laminar Research in 1995. Commercial desktop versions are sold for macOS, Windows, and Linux. FAA-certified versions are also sold for commercial use. A mobile version was released in 2009 and has been made available for Android, iOS, and webOS

"X-Plane" is pre-made with several commercial and military aircraft and global scenery. It covers most of the Earth. "X-Plane" has a plugin architecture that allows users to create their modules. It also increases the software's functionality by letting users create their worlds or other places on Earth. There is also an X-Plane forum. The forums are where users can share aircraft, scenery, plugins, and the Scenery Gateway website, which allows users to share airports with other users, which can be installed into the base product.


East Coast Bays (New Zealand electorate)

East Coast Bays is an electorate of the New Zealand House of Representatives. It is in Auckland.

Hamilton West (New Zealand electorate)

Hamilton West is an electorate of the New Zealand House of Representatives. It is in Hamilton.

Invercargill (New Zealand electorate)

Invercargill is an electorate of the New Zealand House of Representatives. It was created in 1866. It is located on the South Island and covers the far south and far southeast of New Zealand, including Stewart Island.

Kaikōura (New Zealand electorate)

Kaikōura is an electorate of the New Zealand House of Representatives.

Kaipara ki Mahurangi

Kaipara ki Mahurangi is an electorate of the New Zealand House of Representatives. It was created in 2020. It is in Auckland.

The Black Saint and the Sinner Lady

The Black Saint and the Sinner Lady is a studio album by Charles Mingus. Charles Mingus was an American jazz music maker. Impulse! Records released the album in July 1963. Many people think it is one of the greatest jazz albums ever made.

An 11-person band recorded the album's music on January 20, 1963. The album has notes in it written by Mingus and his psychotherapist Edmund Pollock. Mingus called the music on the album "ethnic folk-dance music".

North Shore (New Zealand electorate)

North Shore is an electorate of the New Zealand House of Representatives. It is in Auckland.

Pakuranga (New Zealand electorate)

Pakuranga is an electorate of the New Zealand House of Representatives. It is in Auckland.

Papakura (New Zealand electorate)

Papakura is an electorate of the New Zealand House of Representatives. It is in Auckland.

Port Waikato (New Zealand electorate)

Port Waikato is an electorate of the New Zealand House of Representatives.

Rangitīkei (New Zealand electorate)

Rangitīkei is an electorate of the New Zealand House of Representatives.

Rotorua (New Zealand electorate)

Rotorua is an electorate of the New Zealand House of Representatives.

Selwyn (New Zealand electorate)

Selwyn is an electorate of the New Zealand House of Representatives.

Southland (New Zealand electorate)

Southland is an electorate of the New Zealand House of Representatives. It was created in 2020.

Tāmaki (New Zealand electorate)

Tāmaki is an electorate of the New Zealand House of Representatives. It is in Auckland.

Taranaki-King Country

Taranaki-King Country is an electorate of the New Zealand House of Representatives.

Taupō (New Zealand electorate)

Taupō is an electorate of the New Zealand House of Representatives.

Tauranga (New Zealand electorate)

Tauranga is an electorate of the New Zealand House of Representatives. It is in Tauranga.

Waimakariri (New Zealand electorate)

Waimakariri is an electorate of the New Zealand House of Representatives. It was created in 1996.

Waitaki (New Zealand electorate)

Waitaki is an electorate of the New Zealand House of Representatives.

Embraer Legacy 600

The Embraer Legacy 600 Is a private Jet aircraft. It was manufactured by Embraer. It began being produced by Embraer in 2002 and so continues today. It is based on the E135 model, and some are upgraded with a cockpit from a Embraer 145. It was released in 2000 at the Farnborough Airshow, the Legacy can take 13 passengers and up to 3,050 nautical miles. Embraer later had launched a lineup of business aircraft, from the small Embraer Phenom 100 to the Embraer Lineage 1000, Which is a long range Business jet of the Embraer's E190 which is apart of the Embraer E-Jet family. The legacy 600 is one of the most popular aircraft to charter in its class.

Whangaparāoa (New Zealand electorate)

Whangaparāoa is an electorate of the New Zealand House of Representatives. It was created in 2020. It is in Auckland.

Abdullah Yolcu

Abdullah Yolcu or Abdullah bin Abdul Hamid bin Abdulmazid al-Ismail al-Bazzaz al-Turkmani al-Athari al-Iraqi is a Turkish Arabic Salafi Islamic scholar and preacher. He was born in 1958 of a Iraqi-Turkish origin. He studied in Islamic University of Madinah and founded Guraba Publication which translates Salafi books into Turkish language.
He began studying Islam at a young age under various scholars. His intellectual development was influenced by Abdullah ibn Abdulaziz ibn Baz and Muhammed ibn Salih Al-Uthaymeen.

In 1986 he settled in Istanbul, where he founded the Guraba publishing house in 1992. His primary aim was to promote the teachings of Salafi Islam, firm principles of faith and prophetic education in the spirit of the principles of Ahlus-Sunnah wal-Jama' a to be distributed in Turkish. The Guraba publishing house established itself as the core of Salafist activities in Turkey.

Abdullah Yolcu is a founding member and representative of Turkey in the "Association of Muslim Scholars" based in Kuwait.

Among the works that he wrote in Arabic and which were later translated into Turkish are treatises such as "Selef-i Salihîn Akidesi" (Principles of Faith of the Pious Ancestors), "The Conditions of Islam", "Tevessül / Legitimate Means for Oneself "To approach Allah" and "Believe according to the Ehli Sunnet ve'l Cemaat".

His essays are usually written in Arabic, some have been translated into Turkish.

Many of Yolcu's works written in Arabic have been translated into Turkish. Some of them are:

Kayleigh

"Kayleigh" is a 1985 song by British progressive rock band Marillion. It is the leading single from their third studio album "Misplaced Childhood". It went to number 2 in both the United Kingdom and France, number 88 in Australia, number 74 in the United States, number 25 in Italy, number 4 in Ireland, number 12 in the Netherlands, number 7 in Germany and number 8 in Norway.









Story Bridge

The Story Bridge is a steel cantilever bridge over the Brisbane River that carries bicycle and pedestrian traffic between the northern and the southern suburbs of Brisbane, Queensland, Australia. It is the longest cantilever bridge in Australia.

The road across the bridge is named Bradfield Highway. The bridge connects Fortitude Valley to Kangaroo Point. The Story Bridge opened in 1940 and was tolled until 1947. It is named after prominent public servant John Douglas Story.

Impromptu (1991 movie)

Impromptu is a 1991 British American French biographical comedy movie directed by first time director James Lapine. It stars Hugh Grant, Judy Davis, Mandy Patinkin, Bernadette Peters, Julian Sands, Ralph Brown, Emma Thompson, Anton Rodgers, Lucy Speed, John Savident, Anna Massey, Elizabeth Spriggs and Edward Highmore. It was distributed by Rank Film Distributors.


Alparslan Baran

Alparslan Baran (born 25 March 2005) is an Austrian football player. He plays as midfielder for FC Liefering in the the Austrian 2. League. 
Baran began his career at ASV Bewegung Steyr. In September 2017 he moved to SK Vorwärts Steyr. For the 2018–19 season he came to the youth team of FC Red Bull Salzburg. He went through all age groups in the Red Bull Salzburg academy from the 2019–20 season. In February 2022 he was in the squad of FC Liefering for the first time. In this season he did not play.

He made his debut in the 2nd division in April 2023. He came on in a substitute for Douglas Mendes against Floridsdorfer AC.

Baran played for an Austrian U15 national team for the first time in October 2019. In April 2022 he made his debut against Romania in the U-17 team. He made his U-18 debut against Sweden in September 2022.

Banks Peninsula (New Zealand electorate)

Banks Peninsula is an electorate of the New Zealand House of Representatives. It was created in 1996, abolished in 2008 and recreated in 2020.

Christchurch Central

Christchurch Central is an electorate of the New Zealand House of Representatives. It is in Christchurch.

Christchurch East

Christchurch East is an electorate of the New Zealand House of Representatives. It is in Christchurch.

Dunedin (New Zealand electorate)

Dunedin is an electorate of the New Zealand House of Representatives. It was created in 2020. It is in Dunedin.

Ilam (New Zealand electorate)

Ilam is an electorate of the New Zealand House of Representatives. It is in Christchurch.

Nelson (New Zealand electorate)

Nelson is an electorate of the New Zealand House of Representatives. It was created in 1853 and is the only electorate in New Zealand to have been contested at every election.

Rangitata (New Zealand electorate)

Rangitata is an electorate of the New Zealand House of Representatives.

West Coast-Tasman

West Coast–Tasman is an electorate of the New Zealand House of Representatives.

 

Wigram (New Zealand electorate)

Wigram is an electorate of the New Zealand House of Representatives.

Electoral districts of Finland

There are currently 13 electoral districts (, ) in the Finnish Parliament. 12 of these electoral districts elect a number of MPs based on their population (currently between six and 35), while Åland only elects one.

Pirkanmaa (parliamentary electoral district)

Pirkanmaa (; formerly Häme North, , ) is a Finnish constituency represented in the Parliament of Finland. It covers the administrative region of Pirkanmaa. Pirkanmaa currently elects 18 members of the Parliament.

The constituency is mostly urban and is around the working-class city of Tampere. Former Prime Minister Sanna Marin represents this constituency.

It's Now or Never (song)

"It's Now or Never" is a 1960 song by Elvis Presley. It was one of the best-selling singles of all-time and topped the single charts worldwide except in Germany where it made number 2. It was covered by John Schneider and is the title track to his debut studio album. It went to number 49 in New Zealand and number 14 in the United States.

List of Canadian electoral districts

This is a list of electoral districts (also called "ridings") in the Canadian House of Commons. There are currently 338 of them.






Stages (song)

"Stages" is a 1986 song by ZZ Top and is the second single from their ninth studio album "Afterburner". It went to number 21 in the United States, number 43 in the United Kingdom, number 23 in Ireland, number 40 in New Zealand, number 63 in Australia and number 42 in Canada.



Greenland (European Parliament constituency)

Greenland (, ) was a European Parliament constituency for elections in the European Union. It covered the territory of Greenland. In 1985, Greenland left the European Community, so the constituency was abolished.

Things Don't Seem

"Things Don't Seem" is 1981 song by Australian band Australian Crawl. It is the leading single from their second studio album "Sirocco". It went to number 11 in Australia in May 1981.


Park Hall (Oswestry)

Park Hall is a football ground located in Oswestry, Shropshire, England. It serves as the home stadium for The New Saints F.C., a professional football club that competes in the Welsh Premier League.

Park Hall was established in [year], following the formation of The New Saints F.C., previously known as Total Network Solutions F.C. The club needed a suitable venue to host its home matches, and Park Hall was chosen as the location for their stadium. The ground is situated in close proximity to the Park Hall Estate, after which it was named.

The stadium has a grass playing surface and can accommodate [capacity] spectators. It features a main stand, which provides covered seating for spectators, as well as several terraced areas for standing. The ground is also equipped with floodlights, allowing for evening matches to be played.

In addition to the football pitch, Park Hall is equipped with various training facilities, including training pitches and a modern training center. These facilities are utilized by The New Saints F.C. for their training sessions and youth development programs.

The New Saints F.C. is the primary tenant of Park Hall. The club was founded in [year] and has since become one of the most successful teams in Welsh football. They have won numerous league titles and domestic cup competitions, both before and after their move to Park Hall. The stadium provides an ideal setting for the team to showcase their talents and compete in the Welsh Premier League.

Park Hall has hosted various notable matches throughout its history. These include important league fixtures for The New Saints F.C., as well as cup matches and international fixtures. The stadium has also been used for friendly matches and youth tournaments, contributing to the development of football in the local area.


Engineering Announcements

Engineering Announcements for the Radio and Television Trade sometimes called Engineering Announcements, was a weekly programme meant for technicians and salespeople in the United Kingdom. The show was produced and transmitted by the Independent Television Authority from 1970-1972 and the Independent Broadcasting Authority from 1972-1990. The show was made from 23 November 1970 until 31 July 1990, lasting 19 years and 10 months. Engineering Announcements was cancelled due to the end of the IBA in 1991.

"Engineering Announcements" was originally aired after "Monday's Newcomers", another ghost programme where the advertising trade could watch runs of new adverts before they properly aired on ITV. It was shown at 9:45 am. In September 1972, "Engineering Announcements" was moved from 9:45 am on Mondays to 9:10 am on Tuesdays. The programme would continue to use the slot until February 1983. Due to the launch of TV-am, "Engineering Announcements" would be unable to continue its previous slot and moved to 9:17 am. This slot would be used until 17 May when the final edition put out on ITV was aired.

Healthcare in New Zealand

The public healthcare system in New Zealand was set up by the Social Security Act 1938, but since the 1980s there has been more private health insurance. In 2012, New Zealand spent 8.7% of GDP on health care, or US$3,929 per person. About 77% was government expenditure.

20 district health boards were set up in January 2001. They were supposed to improve the health outcomes of Māori. They were closed in 2022 by the Pae Ora Act which set up Health New Zealand and the Māori Health Authority.

In 2023 Health New Zealand started to use an ‘equity adjuster score’ for planned surgery. This prioritises patients according to clinical priority, time spent on the waitlist, their geographic location (isolation), economic situation, and ethnicity. Māori and Pasifika are the highest ranked ethnicities. 

There were substantial delays in diagnosis and treatment because of severe workforce shortages. The performance of public hospitals deteriorated after the 2000s.

Lalmonirhat

Lalmonirhat (, "Lalmonirhat Jela" also "Lalmonirhat Zila") is a district, situated at the northern border of Bangladesh. It is a part of the Rangpur Division. Lalmonirhat mahakuma was established as a district on 1 February 1984. It lies north of Kochbihar and Jalpaiguri of West Bengal, south of Rangpur, east of Kurigram and Kochbihar and west of Rangpur and Nilphamari district. The international border line of Lalmonirhat district is 281.6 km long.

At the end of 19th century the workers of the Bengal Duras Railway (BDR) while digging the mud for the installation of rail line, found a red color stone and since then, the place was recognized as Lalmoni. Whereas some legendary opinions that the railway which acquire the land owned by a lady named Lalmoni for which people kept the place after her name as the recognition of her contribution of land for the rail line. Others are of the opinion that in 1783 a woman named Lalmoni along with peasant leader, Nuruldin fought against the English soldiers and land lords for the cause to establish the interest of general peasants and laid down her life against the atrocity of the rulers. The place was named as the Lalmoni as the sign of respect. The word "hat" became adhered to her name in the course of time.

Lalmonirhat emerged as a district from mahakuma by the inauguration of then gender and social welfare minister of Bangladesh government Dr. Shafia Khatun on 1 February 1984. After that Lalmonirhat sadar thana was established as a upazila on 18 March 1984. As a result, the number of upazilas in Lalmonirhat district becomes 5 which are Patgram, Hatibandha, Kaliganj, Aditmari and Lalmonirhat Sadar. In that time, Sinai, Rajarhat and Gharialdanga union was added to Kurigram District and the number of union of Lalmonirhat district and municipalities becomes 41 and 1 respectively. Alongside the area of Lalmonirhat Sadar becomes 104 sq. miles. After 1985, Dahagram and Angarpota enclaves became a single union of Patgram upazila and then the total number of union becomes 42.

There are 5 upazilas, 5 thanas, 45 unions, 354 mouzas and 478 villages in Lalmonirhat. The upazilas are:


Lalmonirhat is in the north of Bangladesh. There are six rivers in Lalmonirhat district. Teesta is one of the main rivers in this district. The total length of Tista river is 315 km, 115 km of which is in Bangladesh. The total arable land is 98,875 hectares.

According to the 2011 Bangladesh census, Lalmonirhat District had a population of 1,256,099, of which 628,799 were males and 627,300 females. Rural population was 1,117,414 (88.96%) while the urban population was 138,685 (11.04%). Lalmonirhat district had a literacy rate of 46.09% for the population 7 years and above: 49.30% for males and 42.89% for females.

Muslim make up 86.02% of the population, while Hindus are 13.90% of the population.

The dialect of the region is Rangpuria.

Lalmonirhat has 26 colleges, 212 secondary schools, 754 primary schools, 85 madrasas, 3 polytechnical institutes and 1 technical school and college. Lalmonirhat is one of the seven illiteracy free districts in Bangladesh. The literacy rate of Lalmonirhat is 65%.

Agriculture is the major income source. 72.78% of people are farmers, 10.49% are businessmen, 3.46% are labourers, and 4.45% are employees.



Johnstone Strait

Johnstone Strait () is a strait next to the northeast coast of Vancouver Island in British Columbia, Canada.
The Strait was named after James Johnstone by George Vancouver. Johnstone was the master of the armed tender "Chatham". In 1792, he proved that Vancouver Island is an island.

Ships going from the Strait of Georgia that are leaving to the north of Vancouver Island through the Queen Charlotte Strait like to go through here. They are often going to Prince Rupert, Haida Gwaii, Alaska, or the North Pacific Ocean. Ships going down from those areas to the ports of Vancouver, Seattle, and Tacoma also like to go through this strait.

There are no cities or towns along the strait. Telegraph Cove and Robson Bight on Vancouver Island are near the north end of the strait. The village of Sayward at Kelsey Bay is near the middle.

Steve Marmel

Steve Marmel is an American television writer and producer who worked on The Fairly OddParents, and Danny Phantom and who created Sonny with a Chance and So Random!.

Marmel was born in 1964. In 1982, he started doing stand up comedy. In 1996, Hanna-Barbera hired him to work as a writer for a cartoon called Johnny Bravo. 

After working on Johnny Bravo, Marmel worked on the cartoons Cow and Chicken and I Am Weasel and Monster Farm. In 1999, Marmel started writing for Family Guy. He later became a writer and producer for The Fairly OddParents and Danny Phantom. 

After working on Danny Phantom, Marmel created the shows This Just In, Sonny with a Chance and So Random!. 

Rhacophorus edentulus

The Celebes flying frog ("Rhacophorus edentulus") is a frog. It lives in Indonesia.

Directorate for Investigating Organized Crime and Terrorism

DIICOT, which stands for the Directorate for Investigating Organized Crime and Terrorism (in Romanian: Direcția de Investigare a Infracțiunilor de Criminalitate Organizată și Terorism), is a law enforcement agency in Romania. Established in 2002, DIICOT operates under the Romanian Ministry of Justice and is responsible for investigating and combating organized crime, terrorism, and other serious offenses.

East Coast (New Zealand electorate)

East Coast is an electorate of the New Zealand House of Representatives.

Hamilton East (New Zealand electorate)

Hamilton East is an electorate of the New Zealand House of Representatives. It is in Hamilton.

Hutt South

Hutt South is an electorate of the New Zealand House of Representatives. It is in Lower Hutt.

Lower Hutt

Lower Hutt () is a city in the Wellington Region of New Zealand. It is the sixth most populous city in New Zealand.

Kelston (New Zealand electorate)

Kelston is an electorate of the New Zealand House of Representatives. It is in Auckland.

Right by Your Side (Jimmy Barnes song)

"Right by Your Side" is a 1993 song by Australian singer Jimmy Barnes and is the fourth and final single from his sixth studio album "Heat". It went to number 43 in Australia.


Mana (New Zealand electorate)

Mana is an electorate of the New Zealand House of Representatives.

Porirua

Porirua () is a city in the Wellington Region of New Zealand.

Māngere (New Zealand electorate)

Māngere is an electorate of the New Zealand House of Representatives. It is in Auckland.

Manurewa (New Zealand electorate)

Manurewa is an electorate of the New Zealand House of Representatives. It is in Auckland.

Maungakiekie (New Zealand electorate)

Maungakiekie is an electorate of the New Zealand House of Representatives. It is in Auckland.

Mount Roskill (New Zealand electorate)

Mount Roskill is an electorate of the New Zealand House of Representatives. It is in Auckland.

 

Ween

Ween is an American rock band. It was made in New Hope, Pennsylvania in 1984. Aaron Freeman and Mickey Melchiondo (also known as Gene Ween and Dean Ween) made the band. The band is known for making many different types of rock music. They have been inspired by funk, country, gospel, punk rock, progressive rock, and other types of music. Ween has a gained a cult following.

At first, Ween made many cassette albums. In 1990, the band joined a small record label, and released two albums: "GodWeenSatan: The Oneness" (1990) and "The Pod" (1991). The band joined Elektra Records, and released "Pure Guava" (1992). The album had a single named "Push th' Little Daisies". It was popular in the United States and Australia. The band released four albums with Elektra Records: "Chocolate and Cheese" (1994); "12 Golden Country Greats" (1996); "The Mollusk" (1997); and "White Pepper" (2000). They left Elektra Records, and made "Quebec" (2003) and "La Cucaracha" (2007). 

Freeman left the band in 2012. He wanted to focus on his drug addiction problems. The band came together again in 2015. They played music at many concerts. As of 2023, they have not made any new music.

Onur Cinel

Onur Cinel (17June 1985 in Essen) is a German football coach.
Cinel trained from 2009 on the youth team of Rot-Weiss Essen. For the 2011/12 season he moved to TuS Heven as assistant coach. In March 2012 he took over the team as head coach and at the end of the season led it to promotion to the Oberliga .

Cinel then moved to FC Schalke 04 as assistant coach of the U-16. In the the winter break he became head coach. For Schalke Cinel then held various positions in the youth teams. In October 2020 he became assistant coach of FC Schalke 04 under Manuel Baum. Baum was released in December 2020. He remained on the coaching staff under his successor Christian Gross. For the 2021/22 season he returned to the U17. Cinel led to the championship title. In addition to his work at Schalke, Cinel became assistant coach to Ralf Rangnick in the Austrian national team in June 2022. 

After the 2022/23 season he left Schalke after eleven years. For the 2023/24 season he took over the Austrian second division club FC Liefering. He also stayed in the coaching staff of Austria.

Taradale, New Zealand

Taradale is a suburb of Napier city in the Hawke's Bay, New Zealand. It has a shopping centre, several schools and churches. It had a town board and borough council until it was merged with Napier City Council in 1968. It has one of the finest vineyards in New Zealand.

History of Manchester

Manchester was the first city to industrialise, because of the Industrial Revolution. It became the main place for making cloth and fabric. During the 19th century it had the nickname Cottonopolis, because it had so many cotton mills. The middle of Manchester is important because of its network of canals and mills built during its 19th-century development.
In the late 18th century, Manchester was much smaller than it is today with about 40,000 people living there. This changed at the start of the Industrial Revolution. During this time, there were revolts about the living conditions for workers. The most well known of these revolts was the Peterloo Massacre. Fifteen to twenty people were killed during the Peterloo Massacre and hundreds of other people were hurt. In 1780, Richard Arkwright built the first cotton mill in the area.

Later in the 1800s, Manchester became most important cotton town in the world. It was also the first 'industrialised' city, meaning that it was the first city to have a big amount of industry in it. Only a small amount of cloth is still made in the city and the trade has mainly stopped. This left a big number of old buildings from that time including the Town Hall, Free Trade Hall and Central Library and left a lot of other buildings empty.

The Manchester Ship Canal was created by the digging of canals in the rivers Irwell and Mersey for from Salford to the Mersey estuary. This let ocean going ships sail into the Port of Manchester.

The county of Greater Manchester was made in 1974. The county was made from cities and towns in southern Lancashire and northern Cheshire (the two main areas which make up Greater Manchester), and some mainly rural districts of Derbyshire and Yorkshire.

In 1996, the Irish Republican Army put a bomb in a truck in the centre of the city. Nobody was killed, but it did a lot of damage.

On 22 May 2017, a bombing occurred at the Manchester Arena which killed 22 people and injured 55. It was a suicide bombing.

Nocardioides

Nocardioides are a genus of aerobic bacteria (needs oxygen to survive) that is Gram-positive. There are currently 49 species that have been correctly found that belong to the genus Nocardioides but more are still being discovered and the addition of other similar species are being discussed. Nocardioides can be found in soils or in water from all over the world. 

H.Prauser proposed the new genus Nocardioides in 1976. 

Some Nocardioides are able to produce antibiotics which are used in medicine and decontamination of regions. 

Napier (New Zealand electorate)

Napier is an electorate of the New Zealand House of Representatives.

New Lynn (New Zealand electorate)

New Lynn is an electorate of the New Zealand House of Representatives. It is in Auckland.

New Plymouth (New Zealand electorate)

New Plymouth is an electorate of the New Zealand House of Representatives.

Northcote (New Zealand electorate)

Northcote is an electorate of the New Zealand House of Representatives. It is in Auckland.

Northland (New Zealand electorate)

Northland is an electorate of the New Zealand House of Representatives,

 

Ōhāriu (New Zealand electorate)

Ōhāriu is an electorate of the New Zealand House of Representatives. It is in Wellington.

Ōtaki (New Zealand electorate)

Ōtaki was an electorate of the New Zealand House of Representatives.

Palmerston North (New Zealand electorate)

Palmerston North is an electorate of the New Zealand House of Representatives. It is in Palmerston North.

Panmure-Ōtāhuhu

Panmure-Ōtāhuhu is an electorate of the New Zealand House of Representatives. It is in Auckland,

Remutaka (New Zealand electorate)

Remutaka is an electorate of the New Zealand House of Representatives. It is in Wellington.

Rongotai (New Zealand electorate)

Rongotai is an electorate of the New Zealand House of Representatives. It is mostly in Wellington, but it also includes the Chatham Islands.

Taieri (New Zealand electorate)

Taieri is an electorate of the New Zealand House of Representatives.

Takanini (New Zealand electorate)

Takanini is an electorate of the New Zealand House of Representatives. It is in Auckland.

Te Atatū (New Zealand electorate)

Te Atatū is an electorate of the New Zealand House of Representatives. It is in Auckland.

Tukituki (New Zealand electorate)

Tukituki is an electorate of New Zealand House of Representatives.

Upper Harbour (New Zealand electorate)

Upper Harbour is an electorate of the New Zealand House of Representatives.

Special drawing rights

The International Monetary Fund issues an international reserve asset known as Special Drawing Rights, that can supplement the official reserves of member countries. The Special Drawing Right is an interest-bearing international reserve asset created by the IMF in 1969 to supplement other reserve assets of member countries. The SDR is also called as Paper Gold.

Wairarapa (New Zealand electorate)

Wairarapa is an electorate of the New Zealand House of Representatives.

Wellington Central (New Zealand electorate)

Wellington Central is an electorate of the New Zealand House of Representatives. It is in Wellington.

Whanganui (New Zealand electorate)

Whanganui is an electorate of the New Zealand House of Representatives.

Whangārei (New Zealand electorate)

Whangārei is an electorate of the New Zealand House of Representatives.

Sixt

Sixt SE is a company that provides services related to cars in about 2,000 places in over 100 countries. It is the main company for the Sixt Group which works worldwide in renting cars, sharing cars, booking rides, and subscribing to services.

Most of the company is owned by the Sixt family, who also run the business. The rest of the company is owned by people who bought shares, which are known as SIX2 on the XETRA stock exchange.

Martin Sixt started the company in 1912 with just three cars. This was the first car rental company in Bavaria. During World War I, the German Army took the cars. After the war, the company started again, but the German Army took the cars again in World War II. After that war, the company began to grow again, providing taxi services for the U.S. Army in Germany. They also started a taxi business in Munich, which was the first to use radios. In 1951, they created the car rental company called Auto Sixt.

In 2020, Sixt sold all its part in Sixt Leasing SE to focus more on its car services. In June 2020, it bought 10 locations at U.S. airports from Advantage Rent a Car, making it have over 85 places in the U.S. In July 2020, Lyft and Sixt started working together, letting Lyft app users rent cars from both companies through the app.

In December 2021, Sixt started working in Australia by partnering with the NRMA. They now have 160 locations and 16,000 cars there under the Sixt name.


Dwarkanath Ghose

Dwarkin & Son was founded in 1875 by Dwarkanath Ghose as D. Ghosh and Sons at Lower Chitpur Road in Kolkata, mainly dealing piano tuning and repairing of musical instruments.

Dwarkanath Gose is also the inventor of the hand-pumped harmonium.

Electoral district of Eildon

Eildon is an electoral district of Victoria. It was created in 2014. It is in the Northern Victoria Region.

Electoral district of Narracan

Narracan is an electoral district of Victoria. It was created in 1967. It is in the Eastern Victoria Region.

Electoral district of Gippsland East

Gippsland East is an electoral district of Victoria. It was created in 1889. It is in the Eastern Victoria Region.

Electoral district of Gippsland South

Gippsland South is an electoral district of Victoria. It was created in 1859. It is in the Eastern Victoria Region.

Electoral district of Euroa

Euroa is an electoral district of Victoria. It was created in 2014. It is in the Northern Victoria Region.

Thames Water

Thames Water Utilities Ltd, known as Thames Water, is a large private utility company. It supplies water and waste water treatment in most of Greater London, Luton, the Thames Valley, Surrey, Gloucestershire, north Wiltshire, far west Kent, and some other parts of England.

It was started in 1989 during privatisation of the water industry in England and Wales. The water is mostly sourced from the Thames as well as some other rivers and boreholes.

It is the biggest water and wastewater services company in the United Kingdom. It runs the Thames Water Ring Main around London, one of Europe's largest wastewater treatment works and the UK's first large-scale desalination plant—both at Beckton in east London—and the £4.2 billion Thames Tideway sewer currently under construction. It supplies 2.5 billion litres (550 million imperial gallons) of drinking water and treats 4.6 billion litres (1,000 million imperial gallons) of wastewater a day. It serves a population of 15.5 million people—about a quarter of the UK population—but its ageing infrastructure often leaks and causes pollution.

The New River was started in 1604 by Edmund Colthurst to carry fresh water from Hertfordshire into London. The business of the New River was taken over by the New River Company, officially founded by royal charter in 1619. This developed into the Thames Conservancy which started in 1857 when Joseph Bazalgette started building the London sewers.

Thames Water plc was bought by the German utility company RWE in 2001. They sold it for £8 billion to Kemble Water Holdings Ltd in 2006. This is owned by the Australian Macquarie Group. In 2017, Macquarie Group sold it to the Canadian pensions group OMERS and the Kuwait Investment Authority. In 2022 it was losing money with current debt amounting to 80% of the value of the business. It was the most heavily indebted of England and Wales' water companies. This problem was seen by the regulator Ofwat in December 2022 and there were discussions about a possible collapse and state bail-out. 

In June 2018 regulators made Thames Water pay £65 million to customers among other problems because they failed to fix leaks. In June 2023 leak levels were at their highest for five years. It was estimated to be losing a day. In July 2023 it was fined £3.3 million after it discharged millions of litres of undiluted sewage into the Gatwick Stream in Sussex and River Mole in Surrey.

Zachary Gordon

Zachary Adam Gordon (born February 15, 1998) is an American actor who is best known for portraying Greg Heffley in the Diary of a Wimpy Kid movie and its sequels.

Alexander I of Serbia

Alexander I (14 August 1876 – 11 June 1903) was the King of Serbia from 1889 to his death in 1903. 

Prince Alexander was born on 14 August 1876 to King Milan I and Natalie of Serbia. In 1889, King Milan abdicated and proclaimed Alexander as the King but under a regency until he was 18.

At the age of 16, Alexander dismissed the regents and their government and took authority into his own hands. In May 1894 King Alexander arbitrarily abolished his father's liberal constitution and restored the conservative one of 1869. He also made Milan the commander-in-chief of the military.

In the summer of 1900, King Alexander married Draga Mašin so that he could produce an heir. Soon after, a conspiracy began among a group of Army officials and politicians aiming to replace King Alexander with Prince Peter of the Karađorđević dynasty, the rivals of Alexander's family.

On 11 June, 1903 the conspirators invaded King Alexander's palace and killed him and the Queen.

Alexander, Crown Prince of Yugoslavia

Alexander, Crown Prince of Yugoslavia (born 17 July 1945), is the head of the House of Karađorđević, the former royal house of the Kingdom of Yugoslavia and its predecessor the Kingdom of Serbia. 

Alexander is the only child of King Peter II and his wife, Princess Alexandra of Greece and Denmark. He was the crown prince of Yugoslavia for the first four-and-a-half months of his life, until the monarchy was abolished. 

Born and raised in the United Kingdom, he enjoys close relationships with his relatives in the British royal family. His godparents were King George VI and his daughter, the then-Princess Elizabeth (later Queen Elizabeth II). 

Through his father, Alexander is a direct descendant of Queen Victoria, through his great-great-grandfather Alfred, Duke of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha, Victoria's second eldest son. Maternally, he is also a direct descendant of Queen Victoria, through his great-great-grandmother Victoria, German Empress, Victoria's eldest daughter. 

Alexander is known for his humanitarian work. He is also known for supporting the idea that Serbia should become a monarchy again, with himself as the king. Numerous political parties also support this idea, as does the Serbian Orthodox Church. Public surveys in Serbia show that many people would also support the monarchy.

Honden

A Honden is the most sacred building at a Shinto shrine. It is where the shintai is held.

Sleeping Bag (song)

"Sleeping Bag" is a 1985 song by ZZ Top and is the leading single from their ninth studio album "Afterburner". It went to number 8 in the United States, number 14 in Ireland, number 36 in Australia, number 18 in Canada, number 13 in both New Zealand and Sweden and number 40 in Germany. It was featured in the 2017 movie "I, Tonya".



Juan Alberto Schiaffino

Juan Alberto "Pepe" Schiaffino Villano (; 28 July 1925 – 13 November 2002) was an Italian-Uruguayan football player who played as an attacking midfielder or forward. A highly skilful and creative playmaker, at club level, he played for CA Peñarol in Uruguay, and for A.C. Milan, and Roma in Italy. At international level, he won the 1950 FIFA World Cup with the Uruguay national team, and also took part at the 1954 FIFA World Cup; he later also represented the Italy national football team. He was ranked as the best Uruguayan footballer of all time by an IFFHS poll, and the 17th greatest player of the twentieth century. Slender and physically thin, he was a complete and versatile midfielder. In possession of an extraordinary talent and technique, he had the habit of scoring thanks to a precise shot but not too powerful. An inside left very skilled in finishing, with excellent game vision, able to read the development of the game in advance. Gianni Brera always defined it as an incomparable interior, while Cesare Maldini, his former teammate, said: he had a radar instead of a brain. Often regarded as one of the greatest Uruguayan footballers of all time.

Schiaffino kicked his first shots in the fields of Pocitos, beach in Montevideo. At the age of 8 in 1933, he joined the team in his barrio, Palermo. He was employed as a right winger. His first real club was Olimpia, which he joined in 1937 at the age of 12. Then it was the turn of the Nacional, where he had a brief experience. 

The son of Italian immigrants started football very early and played for series champion Peñarol Montevideo at the age of 18 (from 1943). There, the dribbling artist quickly became a regular player. With his club he won the Uruguayan football championship in 1949, 1951, 1953 and 1954 and dominated the national league with his great local rivals Nacional Montevideo. After the 1954 FIFA World Cup, Schiaffino moved to Europe for the then world record transfer of £ 72,000 and joined top Italian side AC Milan. There he played together with Cesare Maldini, Nils Liedholm, Gunnar Gren and goalscorer Gunnar Nordahl. He made his debut in September 1954 in the Serie A game against US Triestina and promptly scored two goals. Schiaffino as a midfielder in Italy as a playmaker and ball distributor, and continued to be a goal threat. He was also successful in Europe and won with the Rossoneri won the Scudetto in 1955, 1957 and 1959 and the Coppa Italia in 1956. In 1958, AC Milan were the only European team to bring Real Madrid to the brink of defeat in a European Cup final. Milan lost the final in Brussels 2-3 after extra time.

At the age of 35 he left Milan in 1960 and joined AS Roma, where he played as a libero until 1962. It was also here that he met old club-mate Alcides Ghiggia and both won the 1961 Inter-Cities Fairs Cup with Roma.

He made his debut for Uruguay on January 9, 1946 in the Copa Rio Branco game against Brazil, which was stopped after 78 minutes at a score of 1-1. The highlight of his international career was undoubtedly the 1950 World Cup in Brazil. Schiaffino was Uruguay's best player at the World Cup alongside his Penarol teammates Alcides Ghiggia and Óscar Míguez. The trio led the team to the decisive match against Brazil. The Brazilians took the lead but Schiaffino equalized in the 66th minute and Ghiggia scored the 2-1 winner in the 79th minute. With this historic victory for Uruguay in the famous Maracanã stadium, Uruguay were football world champions for the second time.

Four years later, at the 1954 FIFA World Cup in Switzerland, Schiaffino came with Uruguay to the semifinals against Hungary. After being 2-0 behind, his team fought back a 2-2, but then had to give up the game with 4-2. On July 3, 1954, Uruguay lost 3-1 to Austria in the third-place match. This was also the last of his 21 international appearances in the Celeste, in which he scored a total of 8 goals. There are also two other national team appearances against Argentina (December 29, 1945 and December 5, 1948), which are not counted as full international matches.

From 1954 to 1958 he played for the Italy national football team, but only made four appearances for his parents' home country.

Schiaffino returned to Montevideo and embarked on a brief coaching career. In 1974 he was entrusted with the Uruguayan national team, with which he participated in the Copa América the following year. Shortly afterwards he also coached the Peñarol youth team until 1976. However, he did not have good results, and decided to devote himself solely to entrepreneurial activity.

Schiaffino died on 13 November 2002. His remains are buried at the Cementerio del Buceo, Montevideo.
!Total||21||8

!Total||4||0







Electoral district of Ovens Valley

Ovens Valley is an electoral district of Victoria. It was created in 2014. It is in the Northern Victoria Region.

Electoral district of Benambra

Benambra is an electoral district of Victoria. It was created in 1877. It is in the Northern Victoria Region.

Electoral district of Shepparton

Shepparton is an electoral district of Victoria. It was created in 1945, abolished in 1955 and recreated in 1967. It is in the Northern Victoria Region.

Electoral district of Murray Plains

Murray Plains is an electoral district of Victoria. It was created in 2014. It is in the Northern Victoria Region.

Electoral district of Mildura

Mildura is an electoral district of Victoria. It was created in 1927. It is in the Northern Victoria Region.

Electoral district of Lowan

Lowan is an electoral district of Victoria. It was created in 1889, abolished in 1945, recreated in 1955, reabolished in 1992 and recreated again in 2002. It is in the Western Victoria Region.

Rhacophorus bifasciatus

Rhacophorus bifasciatus is a frog. It lives in Indonesia. People have seen it on Mount Kerinci, between 1200 and 2200 meters above sea level.

Oh Very Young

"Oh Very Young" is a 1974 song by Cat Stevens. It was taken from his eighth studio album "Buddha and the Chocolate Box" as well as several greatest hits. It went to number 10 in the United States and made number 2 on the Billboard Easy Listening charts.

Sharp Dressed Man

"Sharp Dressed Man" is a 1983 song by ZZ Top. It is the second single from their eighth studio album "Eliminator". It went to number 56 in the United States, number 22 in the United Kingdom, number 9 in the Netherlands, number 8 in Sweden, number 15 in Belgian and number 66 in Australia. 

Bright Side of the Road

"Bright Side of the Road" is a 1979 song by Northern Irish singer Van Morrison and was taken from his eleventh studio album "Into the Music". It went to number 63 in the United Kingdom and number 48 in the Netherlands. It charted outside the top 100 in the United States and did not chart in Australia or New Zealand.

Brighter Than the Sun

"Brighter Than the Sun" is a 2011 song by Colbie Caillat and is the second single from her third studio album "All of You". It went to number 47 in the United States, number 65 in Canada, number 55 in Switzerland, number 31 in Austria, number 67 in South Korea and number 77 in Japan.

Rocco Zikovic

Rocco Žiković (born 21 January b 2005 in Pula) is a Croatian footballer. He plays as defender for the Austrian Second League club FC Liefering.
Žiković started his career at NK Funtana. In February 2017 he moved to NK Istra 1961. In January 2021 he moved to Austria to the FC Red Bull Salzburg academy. There he played for the U16 and U18 team.

In October 2022 he played his first league match for FC Liefering . He came as a substitute for Marcel Moswitzer in the 59th minute against Floridsdorfer AC .
Žiković made his debut for a Croatia youth national team in October 2019. He made four appearances for the U-17 team between August 2020 and October 2021. In March 2022 he made his debut in the U-18 team.

Electoral district of Morwell

Morwell is an electoral district of Victoria. It was created in 1955. It is in the Eastern Victoria Region.

Electoral district of South-West Coast

South-West Coast is an electoral district of Victoria. It was created in 2002. It is in the Western Victoria Region.

Electoral district of Polwarth

Polwarth is an electoral district of Victoria. It was created in 2018. It is in the Eastern Victoria Region.

Electoral district of Eureka

Eureka is an electoral district of Victoria. It was created in 2022. It is in the Western Victoria Region.

Electoral district of Macedon

Macedon is an electoral district of Victoria. It was created in 2002. It is in the Northern Victoria Region.

Virginia Plain

"Virginia Plain" is a 1972 debut single by English rock band Roxy Music. It did not appear on their debut studio but it did appear on the CD version of their debut studio album. It went to number 11 in the United Kingdom and was used in the 1998 movie "Velvet Goldmine".

Electoral district of Ripon

Ripon is an electoral district of Victoria. It was created in 1945, abolished in 1955 and recreated in 1976. It is in the Western Victoria Region.

Shooters, Fishers and Farmers Party

The Shooters, Fishers and Farmers Party (SFF) is an agrarian and conservative political party in Australia.

The party was created in 1992 as the Shooters Party. Originally it was only active in New South Wales, but it later spread to other states and territories as well as federal politics. In 2009, it was renamed the Shooters and Fishers Party. It was renamed to its current name in 2016.

The party currently has two seats in the New South Wales Legislative Council and one in the Victorian Legislative Council. It has previously elected one member to the Western Australian Legislative Council (who did not get re-elected) and three to the New South Wales Legislative Assembly (who all became independents).

As the name suggests, the party supports more gun rights and farming. It also focuses on regional and rural issues, healthcare and law and order (including tougher sentences for people who use guns for the wrong reasons).

Agrarianism

Agrarianism is a political and social belief that supports agriculture (farming). Agrarian political parties are supportive of farmers (particularly small farmers and peasants) and their right to farm.

Electoral district of Bendigo East

Bendigo East is an electoral district of Victoria. It was created in 1904, abolished in 1927 and recreated in 1985. It is in the Northern Victoria Region.

Electoral district of Bendigo West

Bendigo West is an electoral district of Victoria. It was created in 1904, abolished in 1927 and recreated in 1985. It is in the Northenr Victoria Region.

Electoral district of Yan Yean

Yan Yean is an electoral district of Victoria. It was created in 1992. It is in the Northern Victoria Region.

To Be a Lover

"To Be a Lover" is a song written by William Bell and Booker T. Jones as "I Forgot to Be Your Lover".

In 1986, singer Billy Idol reworked the track for his third studio album "Whiplash Smile". It went to number 6 in the United States, number 2 in New Zealand, number 3 in Australia, number 7 in Canada and number 18 in Italy. It was covered by Bruce Springsteen in 2022 for his 21st studio album "Only the Strong Survive".





Dolphins (NRL)

The Dolphins are a professional rugby league team from Redcliffe, a suburb of Brisbane. They compete in the National Rugby League (NRL).

The Dolphins are the newest team in the NRL, only being created in 2021 and beginning their first season in 2023. They are the fourth NRL team in Queensland (after the Brisbane Broncos, the Gold Coast Titans and the North Queensland Cowboys) and the second team in Brisbane (after the Broncos).

Western United FC

Western United Football Club is an Australian professional soccer club from western Melbourne, Geelong and Ballarat. They compete in the A-League Men and the A-League Women.

Macarthur FC

Macarthur FC, nicknamed the Bulls, is an Australian soccer club from southern Sydney. They compete in the A-League Men and the A-League Women.

Natalie of Serbia

Natalija Obrenović (15 May 1859 – 8 May 1941), née Keshko, known as Natalie of Serbia, was the wife of Milan I of Serbia. Of ethnic Romanian origin, she was the daughter of a Russian Colonel and Moldavian Princess. 

As the wife of Milan, she was Queen of Serbia until 1889 when King Milan I abdicated the throne in favour of their son, Alexander I, who hadn't reached the age of 18 yet so the Kingdom was governed under a regency. 

In 1903, King Alexander and his wife were killed by a coup. This left Queen Natalie as the sole surviving member of the Obrenović dynasty. She died in France.

Somewhere Between Ragged and Right

"Somewhere Between Ragged and Right" is a 1987 song duet by country artists John Anderson and Waylon Jennings. It is the leading single from his ninth studio album "Blue Skies Again". It went to number 23 on the Billboard Hot Country Songs chart and number 35 in Canadian country charts.

Emperor Ninkō

Emperor Ninkō (16 March 1800 – 21 February 1846) was the 120th Emperor of Japan, according to the traditional order of succession. Ninkō's reign spanned the years from 1817 until his death in 1846. His family included fifteen children from various concubines, but only three of them lived to adulthood. His fourth son, Imperial Prince Osahito became the next Emperor upon Ninkō's death in 1846.

Take a Picture (Filter song)

"Take a Picture" is a 1999 song by American alternative rock band Filter. It is the second single from their second studio album "Title of Record". It went to number 12 in the United States, number 3 in Canada, number 8 in New Zealand, number 32 in Australia, number 35 in Iceland, number 25 in the United Kingdom and number 18 in Scotland.

All live tracks were recorded at Hammerstein Ballroom, New York City, in November 1999.
US 7-inch, CD, and cassette single

US maxi-CD and Canadian CD single

UK cassette single

UK CD1

UK CD2

Australian maxi-CD single

Rabobank (company)

Rabobank is a prominent global financial institution that has a strong presence in the Netherlands and other countries around the world. With a history dating back to 1898, Rabobank has established itself as a reliable and customer-focused bank. It offers a wide range of financial services, including banking, insurance, and asset management, catering to individuals, businesses, and agricultural enterprises.

Rabobank is known for its sustainable and socially responsible approach, actively supporting initiatives related to agriculture, food, and rural development. With its commitment to innovation and community engagement, Rabobank continues to play a vital role in the global financial landscape.

As of December 2014, total assets amount to €681 billion with a net profit of €1.8 billion. "Global Finance" ranks Rabobank 25th in its survey of "the world's safest banks".

BTSE

BTSE is a digital asset exchange that was established in 2018 by Jonathan Leong and Brian Wong. The company offers a platform for trading cryptocurrencies, including futures trading and an All-In-One Order Book. The company also offers white-label exchange and wallet solutions to corporate clients via its B2B arm, BTSE Enterprise Solutions.

In January 2019, BTSE launched its futures trading platform. In February 2020, they introduced the All-In-One Order Book feature, streamlining the trading process. 

In February 2021, the company launched Earn, a line of staking products that allows users to earn passive income from their digital assets. 

In March 2021, BTSE completed a Series A fundraising round, achieving a valuation of $400 million. In June 2022, the company launched the USDD perpetual futures product. 

The company announced a strategic partnership with Wootrade in February 2021 and partnered with Pyth Network in October 2022 to provide real-time market data. In the same year, the company received the "Best Crypto Trading Technology" award at the Leaders in Fintech Awards 2022 in Dubai.

BTSE is registered in the British Virgin Islands, and has offices in Taipei, Singapore, and Dubai. In March 2023, BTSE secured pre-approval for a Token and Trusted Technology Service Provider Act (TVTG) license in Liechtenstein, and completed the process in May of the same year.

Electoral district of Bass

Bass is an electoral district of Victoria. It was created in 2002. It is in the Eastern Victoria Region.

Electoral district of Hastings

Hastings is an electoral district of Victoria. It was created in 2002. It is in the Eastern Victoria Region.

Electoral district of Wendouree

Wendouree is an electoral district of Victoria. It was created in 2014. It is in the Western Victoria Region.

Wendouree includes most of Ballarat.

Heiligenbeil concentration camp

The Heiligenbeil concentration camp was a subcamp of the Nazi, Stutthof concentration camp. Prisoners were used to work forced labour.

Killing of Nahel Merzouk

The Killing of Nahel Merzouk was the shooting by a policeman of a 17 year old youth in a Parisian outskirt that led to protest. When police wanted to check his car, he was shoot dead at close range on a public highway. The police lied and claimed self-defense. 

What shocked the country was a video captured by a passer-by that was posted on social media after the big media houses reported only the first police version of the incident. The video showed the policemen had lied. Protests erupted across France. The President said the incident was inexcusable and unforgivable and the National Assembly observed a minute for silence of Nahel.

The protests lasted more than seven days. The incident caused discussions about racism and police violence.

Spiro Koleka

Spiro Koleka was an Albanian statesman who was involved in World War II. He was born from (7 July 1908 – 22 August 2001) in Vuno, Albania.

Hurmuzachi

The Hurmuzachi were a family of noble people from Romania.

Elizabeth Kelly

Elizabeth Kelly is a British actress most known for her roles in television series and soap operas. She was born on 29 March, 1921, in Newcastle upon Tyne, Northumberland, England.

Pete Livermore

Pete Livermore (March 22, 1941 – October 20, 2014) was an American politician from the US state of Nevada. He was affiliated with the Republican Party. He was born in New Orleans, Louisiana.

Livermore died of a heart attack on October 20, 2014 in Carson City, Nevada at the age of 73.

Alleroy, Kurchaloyevsky District, Chechen Republic

Alleroy (; ) is a rural locality in the Kurchaloyevsky District of the Chechen Republic, Russia.

Electoral district of Melton

Melton is an electoral district of Victoria. It was created in 1992. It is in the Western Victoria Region.

Melton includes the city of Melton and some surrounding suburbs of Melbourne.

Electoral district of Lara

Lara is an electoral district of Victoria. It was created in 2002. It is in the Western Victoria Region.

Lara is in Geelong.

Tony Ross

Anthony Ross (born 10 August 1938) is a British author and illustrator of children's books. He is best known for his illustrations in books written by David Walliams.

Electoral district of Geelong

Geelong is an electoral district of Victoria. It was created in 1856, abolished in 1877, recreated in 1877, reabolished in 1976 and recreated again in 1985. It is in the Western Victoria Region.

Geelong covers the city centre of the city of the same name.

Electoral district of South Barwon

South Barwon is an electoral district of Victoria. It was created in 1976. It is in the Western Victoria Region.

South Barwon includes some suburbs of Geelong, but also many smaller towns that are close to Geelong.

Electoral district of Bellarine

Bellarine is an electoral district of Victoria. It was created in 1967, abolished in 1976 and recreated in 1985. It is in the Western Victoria Region.

Bellarine is in Geelong.

Need for cognition

In psychology, need for cognition means a person feels the need to think. They may enjoy doing things like puzzles, reading books, or debating ideas. They also may like learning new things and to think critically.

Rhacophorus annamensis

The Annam flying frog, Daban flying frog, or Annam tree frog ("Rhacophorus annamensis") is a frog. It lives in the Annamite Mountains in Vietnam and Cambodia. People think it might also live nearby in Laos. People have seen it between 700 and 1200 meters above sea level.

Electoral district of Nepean

Nepean is an electoral district of Victoria. It was created in 2002. It is in the Eastern Victoria Region.

Electoral district of Monbulk

Monbulk is an electoral district of Victoria. It was created in 1967. It is in the Eastern Victoria Region.

Electoral district of Brunswick

Brunswick is an electoral district of Victoria. It was created in 1904, abolished in 1955, recreated in 1976, reabolished in 1992 and recreated again in 2002. It is in the Northern Metropolitan Region.

Brunswick is in the Melbourne CBD.

Electoral district of Melbourne

Melbourne is an electoral district of Victoria. It was created in 1856, abolished in 1859 and recreated in 1889. It is in the Northern Metropolitan Region.

Melbourne is in the Melbourne CBD.

Electoral district of Prahran

Prahran is an electoral district of Victoria. It was created in 1889. It is in the Southern Metropolitan Region.

Prahran is in the Melbourne CBD.

Electoral district of Richmond (Victoria)

Richmond is an electoral district of Victoria. It was created in 1856. It is in the Northern Metropolitan Region.

Richmond is in the Melbourne CBD. It is one of three Victorian electorates to have been contested at every state election, the other two being Brighton and Williamstown.

Intibucá

Intibucá () is a city, with a population of 28,220 (2023 calculation), and a municipality in the department of Intibucá, Honduras. The urban area of Intibucá is an important transit and commercial site in the South-West region of Honduras.

Intibucá and La Esperanza have a subtropical highland climate (Köppen: "Cwb"), It is characterized by having pleasant temperatures, even cold by Honduran measures. The annual difference between the coldest month (December) and the warmest month (April) is 5 °C. The climate is favorable for the cultivation of potatoes, strawberries, blackberries, peaches, and vegetables in general.

You're the Inspiration

"You're the Inspiration" is a 1984 song by Chicago. It is the third single from their 14th studio album "Chicago 17". It went to number 3 in the United States, number 14 in the United Kingdom, number 5 in Canada, number 30 in New Zealand, number 32 in the Netherlands, number 9 in Ireland, number 43 in Australia and number 6 in Sweden. Peter Cetera re-recorded the single with Az Yet and went to number 77 in the United States.

Electoral district of Evelyn

Evelyn is an electoral district of Victoria. It was created in 1859. It is in the Eastern Victoria Region.

Electoral district of Mornington

Mornington is an electoral district of Victoria. It was created in 1859, abolished in 1967 and recreated in 1985. It is in the Eastern Victoria Region.

Mornington is on the outskirts of Melbourne.

Electoral district of Pakenham

Pakenham is an electoral district of Victoria. It was created in 1992, abolished in 2002 and recreated in 2022. It is in the Eastern Victoria Region.

Pakenham is on the outskirts of Melbourne.

The Things We Do for Love (song)

"The Things We Do for Love" is a 1976 song by British band 10cc. It is the leading single from their fifth studio album "Deceptive Bends". It went to number 5 in both the United States and Australia, number 27 in New Zealand, number 1 in Canada, number 2 in Ireland, number 6 in the United Kingdom and number 13 in the Netherlands. It went on to be covered by Amy Grant and Tina Arena.


Electoral district of Hawthorn

Hawthorn is an electoral district of Victoria. It was created in 1889. It is in the Southern Metropolitan Region.

Hawthorn is in Melbourne.

Electoral district of Kew

Kew is an electoral district of Victoria. It was created in 1927. It is in the Eastern Metropolitan Region.

Kew is in Melbourne.

Until the Day Is Done

"Until the Day Is Done" is a 2008 song by alternative rock band R.E.M.. It was taken from their 14th studio album "Accelerate". It was released as two-track download only track but went to number 49 in Switzerland.


Magdana's Donkey

Magdana's Donkey (, ) is a 1955 Georgian drama movie directed by Tengiz Abuladze and Revaz Chkheidze. It was based on the short story by Ekaterine Gabashvili. It stars Dudukhana Tserodze, Mikho Borashvili, Akaki Kvantaliani and Karlo Sakandelidze.

Ashland, Terrebonne Parish, Louisiana

Ashland is an unincorporated community in Terrebonne Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Perry, Louisiana

Perry is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Vermilion Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Fort Johnson North, Louisiana

Fort Johnson North is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Vernon Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Fort Johnson South, Louisiana

Fort Johnson South is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Vernon Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Pitkin, Louisiana

Pitkin is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Vernon Parish, Louisiana, United States.

I'm Not in Love

"I'm Not in Love" is a 1975 song by British band 10cc and is the second single from their third studio album "The Original Soundtrack". It topped the single charts in the United Kingdom, Ireland and Canada and also made the top 20 on the other countries it charted on. It went on the be covered other artists since its release.

Ahipara

Ahipara is a town in the Far North District, New Zealand. It is located 14 kilometers south west of Kaitaia and Pukepoto is in between these two. It has a primary school in the township and is very popular with surfing. It has suffered from two fires in February 2019 and October 2020.

Closer (Ne-Yo song)

"Closer" is a 2008 song by American singer Ne-Yo. It is the leading single from his third studio album "Year of the Gentleman". It topped the single charts in the United Kingdom and Scotland and made the top 20 in New Zealand, the United States, Canada, Bulgaria, Germany, Switzerland, Ireland, Italy, Finland, Australia, Austria, Czech Republic, Denmark, the Netherlands, Norway and Slovakia. It received a Grammy nomination in 2009.

UK CD single

I Want You to Want Me

"I Want You to Want Me" is a 1977 song by Cheap Trick and was originally taken from their second studio album "In Color". The better known version is the 1979 live single that topped the single charts in Japan, the Netherlands and Belgium and made number 7 in the United States, number 2 in Canada, number 15 in Austria, number 29 in the United Kingdom and number 23 in New Zealand. The cover version was used in the 1999 movie "10 Things I Hate About You".

Jersey Royal Hospital

Jersey Royal Hospital in Saint Helier is the main hospital on the island of Jersey. It was started in 1765. There is also a psychiatric hospital - St Saviour's Hospital which opened in 1868. 

It works with with the University of Southampton School of Medicine. There are 219 beds. It does not provide all specialist services. Some people have to go to England to see specialist doctors. 

It started an Electronic Patient Record system in July 2023.

Just-in-time compilation

'Just-in-Time Compilation'

Just-in-time compilation (JIT), also known as dynamic translation, is a compilation technique used in computer programming and execution. It is commonly employed by programming languages that utilize an interpreter as their primary execution engine. JIT compilation aims to improve the performance of programs by dynamically translating parts of the code into machine code at runtime.

learn more

Blanca Paloma

Blanca Paloma Ramos Baeza (born 9 June 1989), also known simply by her given name Blanca Paloma, is a Spanish singer, songwriter, set and costumer designer. Her given name translates to "white dove". 

In 2022, she participated in the first edition of the Benidorm Fest and finished in fifth place. She returned to the Benidorm Fest the next year and won, earning the right to represent Spain in the Eurovision Song Contest 2023 with the song "Eaea". 

In Eurovision, Paloma received 95 points from the jury and 5 points from the public, finishing 17th overall. 

Konstrakta

Ana Đurić (née Ignjatović; born 12 October 1978), known professionally as Konstrakta is a Serbian singer and songwriter. She became famous as the lead vocalist of the indie pop band Zemlja gruva!, which was founded in 2007.

In 2019, Konstrakta decided to pursue a solo career. Konstrakta represented Serbia at the Eurovision Song Contest 2022 in Turin, Italy with "In corpore sano". She finished 5th out of the 40 competing countries that year.

DVD Player (Windows)

DVD player is an app made by Microsoft that plays DVD-Video on Microsoft Windows. It is a replacement for Windows Media Center which was discontinued in Windows 10.

Healthcare in Germany

Germany has a health care system paid for partly by statutory health insurance ("Gesetzliche Krankenversicherung") and partly by private health insurance ("Private Krankenversicherung"). Patients are allowed to seek almost any type of care they wish whenever they want it. People with high incomes can just have private insurance, which is provided by 41 insurance companies. This also covers civil servants and the military. The statutory health insurance schemes, 110 of them, are mostly paid for by taxes paid by workers and their employers. Rich people who dont have jobs dont contribute. 

It is the world's oldest national social health insurance system, set up by Otto von Bismarck in 1883.

The system is decentralized with private practice doctors providing care in the community, and independent, mostly non-profit, hospitals doing most of the care in hospitals. Adults in hospital have to pay €10-15 per day, up to a maximum of 28 days in a year.

Germany spent just under 13% of its gross domestic product on health in 2021. In 2022 that was €5879 per person. there were about 12 nurses for each 1000 people and three times as many hospital beds per person as in the United Kingdom.  

Rhode Montijo

Rhode Montijo (born January 17, 1973, in El Centro, California) is an American animator, children’s book author, and illustrator. He made the web series Happy Tree Friends with Aubrey Ankrum and Kenn Navarro. He voiced Lumpy and Splendid before leaving the show in 2005. He is also known for making the books Pablo’s Inferno and Cloud Boy.

Kenn Navarro

Kenn Navarro (born 1979, in Manila, Philippines) is a Filipino-American animator and voice actor who co-created the adult animated web series Happy Tree Friends with Aubrey Ankrum and Rhode Montijo. He voiced Cuddles, Flippy’s good side (after Ankrum left) and Lifty & Shifty (after their original actor Mark Giambruno left the show).

David Winn

David Winn (born July 31, 1966) is an American animator, writer, and voice actor who has worked on several animation projects. Winn is probably best known for working on the web series Happy Tree Friends, in which he was an animator and served as the second voice actor for Lumpy and Splendid (after Rhode Montijo left the show), Winn has also worked on The Fairly OddParents, LeapFrog, House of Mouse, and several other animated shows.

Dana Belben

Dana L. Belben (born May 12, 1978) is an American voice actress, animator, and comedian best known for being the first person to voice Giggles, Petunia and Cub in the animated web series Happy Tree Friends, to which she also served as a story editor. She also worked on several Sony Pictures Animation films and is currently working at Walt Disney Animation Studios.

2023 Yinchuan gas explosion

On 21 June 2023, there was an explosion in the Xingqing District of Yinchuan in China. 31 people were killed and 7 others were injured at the Fuyang Barbecue Restaurant.

Nesyamun

Nesyamun was an Ancient Egyptian priest who lived around the year of 1100 BC. He worked in the Karnak Temple complex in the ancient city of Thebes.

Nesyamun worked within the Egyptian temple complex of Karnak in Thebes. His name means "the one belonging to Amun". He lived during the time that Thebes was ruled by the High Priest of Amun. His many titles indicate that he was a senior member of the temple administration.

Nothing is known of his family and no mention is made of them in the inscriptions on his coffin. Nesyamun died around 1100 BC and was buried in the cemetery of priests and priestesses of Amun in the causeway of Hatshepsut's mortuary temple Deir el-Bahari.

The coffined body of Nesyamun was rediscovered in 1822. It was sold several times before it ended up in London. In 1824 his coffin and mummy was the subject of one of the earliest scientific investigations of an Egyptian mummy. His remains are now held in the Leeds City Museum. 

Starting in the 1930s, various tests have revealed his general state of health and that he died aged between 50 and 60 years. In 2020, his mummified vocal tract was modelled using CT scan data, allowing it to produce a single sound representing how Nesyamun's voice may have sounded.

Threads (app)

Threads is an social media that is owned by Meta Platforms. One day after its release, Threads reached the mark of 30 million users. It works similar to Twitter, and it is known as its killer.

Threads works "adjacent" to Instagram, as the users need to have an Instagram account and use the same name. When Elon Musk bought Twitter in 2022, the workers of Meta talked about the creation of "Instagram Notes", a text-based feature of Instagram. They also talked about creating a separate and text-focused app, that gave a rise to the idea of creation of Threads.

The Witches (novel)

The Witches is a children's dark fantasy novel written by Roald Dahl. It was illustrated by Quentin Blake and released in 1983.

A young boy and his Norwegian grandmother travel to a hotel in England. The boy's grandmother tells him about witches and their hatred for children, as well as how to spot them. The boy is wandering around the hotel and soon finds himself hiding in a room full of witches. The leader of the witches, the Grand High Witch, tells them about her new potion that transforms kids into mice. The witches soon discover the boy and turn him into a mouse, as well as another boy named Bruno. The boy, now turned into a mouse, sneaks into the Grand High Witch's hotel room, steals the potion and puts it in the witches' food at dinner, turning them all into mice. The boy and his grandmother plan to go to the America to get rid of the witches there.




Healthcare in Switzerland

Healthcare in Switzerland covers everyone. It is regulated by the "Swiss Federal Law on Health Insurance". It is not run by the government. Private health insurance is compulsory for everyone who lives in Switzerland (within three months of moving in or being born in the country). People have to pay part of the cost of their treatment. Insurers have to offer basic insurance to everyone, whatever their age or medical condition. Some people get help from the government to pay. 

There are both public and privately owned hospitals. Some of the private hospitals are subsidised by the government. People in hospital have to pay £12 a day. 

Switzerland spends more on healthcare per person than any country apart from the USA. 26% of total health spending comes directly from the patients. 

Rhacophorus calcaneus

The Vietnam flying frog ("Rhacophorus calcaneus") is a frog. It lives in Vietnam.

Pączki

Pączki is a type of doughnut from Poland. It is made from deep-fried dough shaped into a ball and filled with confiture or other sweet filling. They are covered with powdered sugar, icing, glaze or bits of dried orange zest.

Dominik Thalhammer

Dominik Thalhammer (born 2 October 1970) is an Austrian football manager. He is the manager of Belgian Pro League club Oostende.
Thalhammer trained from 1997 to 2000 the lower class SC Brunn am Gebirge. From the 2000/01 season, Thalhammer worked for Bundesliga club VfB Admira Wacker Mödling as academy manager, amateur coach and academy coach. With the amateur team he managed to get promoted to the Regionalliga Ost. He became Austrian champion with the U17 and U19 academy team.

In September 2004 he became coach of the first team.He was the youngest coach for a team in the Bundesliga. Admira separated from him in August 2005. From December 2005 to October 2006 he was the head coach of Wiener Sport-Club in the third level. From June 2007 to May 2008 Thalhammer worked for the Bundesliga club LASK as an assistant to head coach Karl Daxbacher. He then briefly looked after the regional league team Floridsdorfer AC. From 2020 to 2011 he was coach for lower league clubs in Upper Austria.

In February 2011 Thalhammer became head of thenational center for women's football in St. Pölten and head of the Austrian women's U-17 national team. In April 2011 he also took over the Austrian senior women's national team. He reached the playoffs for the European Championship in Sweden in 2012 for the first time in the history of Austrian women's football. In 2013, with the U-17 national team, Thalhammer achieved the first qualification of an Austrian women's national team for a final round for the European championship in England in 2014. In February 2016, Thalhammer became sporting director of the Austrian Football Association's coaching training . This ended his work as sporting director of the National Center for Women's Soccer and as coach of the women's U-17 national team.

In September 2016 Thalhammer and the women's national team made the historic first qualification for a European Championship, which took place in the Netherlands in 2017. At the European Championships in the Netherlands, Dominik Thalhammer's team sensationally qualified as group winners for the quarter-finals after beating Switzerland (1-0), drawing against France (1-1) and beating Iceland (3-0).

After more than nine years at the ÖFB he returned to LASK for the 2020/21 season. He became head coach and sports director. LASK had a bad start in the 2021/22 season. As a result LASK fired Thalhammer in September 2021. In November 2021 Thalhammer took over Cercle Bruges in Belgium. They separated from Thalhammer in September 2022. In November 2022 he became coach of KV Ostend also in Belgium. Thalhammer was relegated with Oostende at the end of the 2022–23 Belgian Pro League season.

Electoral district of Caulfield

Caulfield is an electoral district of Victoria. It was created in 1927. It is in the Southern Metropolitan Region.

Caulfield is in Melbourne.

Above and Beyond (song)

"Above and Beyond" also known as "Above and Beyond (The Call of Love)" is a 1960 song by country singer Buck Owens and went to number 3 on the Billboard Hot Country Songs charts. In 1989, it was covered by Rodney Crowell and was taken from his fifth studio album "Diamonds & Dirt". It topped the country single charts in both Canada and the United States.

Goldfield, Nevada

Goldfield is the county seat of Esmeralda County, Nevada, United States.

Winnemucca, Nevada

Winnemucca is the county seat and only incorporated city in Humboldt County, Nevada, United States.

Battle Mountain, Nevada

Battle Mountain is the county seat of Lander County, Nevada, United States.

Pioche, Nevada

Pioche is the county seat of Lincoln County, Nevada, United States.

Virginia City, Nevada

Virginia City is the county seat of Storey County, Nevada, United States.

Heart and Soul (T'Pau song)

"Heart and Soul" is a 1987 debut single by British band T'Pau. It is the leading single from their debut studio album "Bridge of Spies". It went to number 4 in the United Kingdom, Ireland and the United States, number 1 in Canada, number 10 in Germany, number 9 in both Switzerland and New Zealand, number 18 in both South Africa and Australia, number 20 in Sweden and number 16 in Belgium.

Healthcare in the Netherlands

Healthcare in the Netherlands is based on 160 primary care centres, open 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. Some of them are on hospital sites. To use hospital services most people need to be sent by a GP. The vast majority of GPs and all the pharmacies and hospitals use electronic health records.

There are about 90 hospital organisations in the Netherlands. Some of them have more than one actual physical hospital. They are mostly privately run non-profit foundations. 

Everybody has to have health insurance. There are 1400 different insurance packages. The price is not allowed to be related to health status or age. There are two kinds:


For short-term health care the cost is met 50% from employers, 45% from the insured person and 5% by the government. People under 18 are free. Although there is help with the cost from the government poorer people can often end up paying between 20-25% of their income in healthcare costs.

Like It Like That (Guy Sebastian song)

"Like It Like That" is a 2009 song by Guy Sebastian. It is the title track from fifth studio album "Like It Like That". It topped the single charts in Australia and made number 30 in New Zealand when it charted in 2011.

Loving You (Elvis Presley song)

"Loving You" is a 1957 song by Elvis Presley and is the title track to soundtrack "Loving You". It was used in the 1957 movie "Loving You". It went to number 24 in the United Kingdom and number 20 in the United States. It has been covered by numerous artists including The Dave Clark Five in 1971.

2023 Lebanon mosque shooting

On July 7 2023, a shooting happened at a mosque in Bekka Valley, Lebanon. After the gunshots were heard, the state news agency reported that armed forces had arrived at the site.

Porfirio Díaz

José de la Cruz Porfirio Díaz Mori ( or ; ; 15 September 1830 – 2 July 1915), known as Porfirio Díaz, was a Mexican general and politician. He served seven terms (31 years) as President of Mexico, from 28 November 1876 to 6 December 1876, 17 February 1877 to 1 December 1880 and from 1 December 1884 to 25 May 1911. The time from 1876 to 1911 is often called Porfiriato, and has been called a "de facto" dictatorship.

Journey to the West

Journey to the West () is a Chinese novel. It was published in the 16th century during the Ming dynasty and attributed to Wu Cheng'en. It is often called one of the greatest Classic Chinese Novels and arguably the most popular literary work in East Asia. Arthur Waley's 1942 abridged translation, "Monkey", is known in English-speaking countries.

A Husband for Anna

A Husband for Anna () is a 1953 Italian romantic drama movie directed by Giuseppe De Santis and starring Silvana Pampanini, Amedeo Nazzari, Massimo Girotti, Umberto Spadaro, Monica Clay.

The Princess on a Pea

The Princess on a Pea () is a 1977 Russian fantasy movie directed by Boris Rytsarev and starring Irina Malysheva, Andrey Podoshian, Irina Yurevich, Innokenty Smoktunovsky, Alisa Freindlikh.

Frustum

A frustum is a geometric shape that is formed by cutting off the top of a cone or pyramid parallel to the base. It is the portion of a solid that lies between two parallel planes cutting this solid. In the case of a pyramid, the base faces are polygonal and the side faces are trapezoidal. A right frustum is a right pyramid or a right cone truncated perpendicularly to its axis; otherwise, it is an oblique frustum. In the aerospace industry, a frustum is the fairing between two stages of a multistage rocket, which is shaped like a truncated cone. The viewing frustum in 3D computer graphics is a virtual photographic or video camera's usable field of view modeled as a pyramidal frustum.

List of Mercedes-Benz trucks

The following is a list of trucks produced by Mercedes-Benz.

Mercedes-Benz semitrailer tractor family was developed from Mercedes-Benz Lo2000-Lo3750 trucks.

LG means Lastwagen Gelandewagen (off-road truck). LR means Lastwagen Raupenfahrzeug (caterpillar truck).

Mercedes-Benz LG65/2 and LG65/4 were experimental models.

The immediate post-war era was marked by rebuilding the trucking industry. In the mid-fifties, however, Germany's first federal transport minister Hans-Christoph Seebohm enacted a number of laws promoting the Bundesbahn at the expense of the trucking industry. Severe weight and dimension restrictions were particularly harmful to export-dependent Mercedes-Benz, as they had to develop duplicate truck lineups - one for export, and one for the restricted German market. These restrictions were eased beginning in 1960, leaving Mercedes-Benz free to focus their efforts on a unified lineup once again.

The nomenclature: In 1954 the old four-digit model series designation (indicated the payload in kilograms), was replaced by a three-digit model series designation, which basically corresponded to Mercedes-Benz internal model designations (in-house design codes). This nomenclature have been used for almost 10 years, from 1954 till 1963.

A cab-over-engine versions of most of the trucks were also available from 1954. For example, LP4500 (1954) and LP315 (1955). However, there was only a single model which existed only as a cab-over-engine version, "the Millipede" (LP 333). 
Cab-over-engine versions (LP) of most of the trucks were also available; the cabins were built by Wackenhut until the introduction of the "cubic" cab LP-series.

The nomenclature: In 1963 for simplification a new index system was introduced: a four-digit model series designation, where the first one or two first digits indicate the rounded GVW in tones, and the last two figures - the engine power to tens of horsepower. This index system is in use until now.

LP versions - see below.
The cab-over-engine versions (LP) of most of the trucks were also available.

LP versions - see below.


2013

Mercedes-Benz internal model designations (in-house design codes) were always more or less just consecutively allocated design codes devoid of any deeper meaning. For the passenger cars they are so-called W-numbers, from German word Wagen (=car). For example, W202 is C-class, W220 is S-class etc. This system started in 1926 and the numbers are consecutive continued till now. From the 1970s letter W is used for saloons, while the other letters have been add for the different body types (f.e. W212 is E-class saloon, V212 is E-class limousine, S212 is E-class estate etc.). For the commercial vehicles for early decades letter L was used instead of letter W (German word Lastwagen means a truck). From the 1950s letter L was omitted, resulting in just 3 numbers code. Sometimes word Baumuster (model) or Baureihe (model line) was used, like Baumuster 352 (or in short BM352) or Baureihe 352 (in short BR.352). So, basically, with or without a letter(s) in front, there is unique 3-number code, which determine every Mercedes-Benz car. As for the trucks, 300-i.e. numbers were used till the 1980s to code Mercedes commercial vehicles, 600-i.e. numbers were used in the 1980s and 1990s, and 900-i.e. numbers have been used from the introduction of Sprinter (1995) and Actros (1996).

In 2011 the internal model designations system was a little bit reorganized:


For example: 963403 means Commercial Actros/Antos concrete mixer On-road vehicle, 4x2 18t


Miss Independent (Ne-Yo song)

"Miss Independent" is a 2008 song by American singer Ne-Yo and is the second single from his third studio album "Year of the Gentleman". It went to number 4 in New Zealand, number 6 in Japan and the United Kingdom, number 7 in the United States and number 9 in Ireland. It won for two Grammy Awards in 2009.


2023 French riots

Riots began in France on 27 June 2023 after the killing of Nahel Merzouk by a police officer in Nanterre. Merzouk was a 17-year-old French youth of Moroccan and Algerian descent who worked as a pizza delivery boy. He was driving a car and was stopped after being chased. He was shot at close range in the car. A video of the shooting was seen by many people. The traffic police officer said “I’m going to lodge a bullet in your head.” What the video showed was not what the police said had happened. The police officer was arrested. 

French President Emmanuel Macron declared the incident "inexcusable and unforgivable", adding that it "moved the entire nation". 

Nahel's mother called for a "White March" in memory of her son in Nanterre. In Nanterre rioters threw things at police, let off fireworks, and set cars, bus shelters, rubbish bins, and a school on fire on 27 June after they had seen the video. From 28 June to 3 July there were riots all over Paris and in many other French cities. There were demonstrations in Belgium and in most of the overseas departments of France. 

30 June, the two largest police unions, Alliance Police nationale and the UNSA union, released a statement declaring they were “at war” with “vermin” and “savage hordes” and threaten politicians openly: ″Tomorrow we will be in the resistance and the government should be aware of that.″.

Buying fireworks for Bastille Day was banned as a result of the riots. 

Immigrants in France are poorer than people born in the country. More of them are unemployed. Black people in Paris are six times more likely to be stopped by the police than white people. Immigrant communities are concentrated in the "banlieues", estates full of poor people. French law says that it is not allowed to collect information about people's race. Racial tension in France seems to be worse than in other developed countries and commentators think that is why the riots happened.

UK railway stations – E


Banlieue

A banlieue in France is the name for a suburb of a large city, or all its suburbs together. Most of them are outside the official boundary of the city. They are now mostly full of low-income housing projects with large numbers of immigrants and high levels of crime and unemployment. Not all suburbs are full of poor people, but those are the places people usually mean. There have been several riots in banlieus about police racism. 

Kabardino-Balkaria

Kabardino-Balkaria (), officially the Kabardino-Balkarian Republic (), is a republic of Russia. As of 2021, 904,200 people lived there. Its capital is Nalchik.

Luga, Leningrad Oblast

Luga () is a town in Leningrad Oblast, Russia. In 2010, 38,593 people lived there.

Gatchina

Gatchina () is a town in Russia. It is the administrative center of Leningrad Oblast. In 2010, 92,937 people lived there. It is known as the site of the Gatchina Palace. The historic center and Gatchina Palace are part of the UNESCO World Heritage Site's "Historic Centre of Saint Petersburg and Related Groups of Monuments".

Ivangorod

Ivangorod () is a town in Leningrad Oblast, Russia. In 2010, 9,854 people lived there.

Vyborg

Vyborg (; ; ; ) is a town in Leningrad Oblast, Russia. It is on the Karelian Isthmus and is about northwest of St. Petersburg, near the border with Finland. In 2021, 72,530 people lived there.

Vyborg Castle was founded during the Third Swedish Crusade in 1293 by Marshal Torkel Knutsson. The site was disputed between Russians and Swedes. In the Treaty of Nöteborg of 1323, it was finally recognized as part of Sweden.

UK railway stations – F


UK railway stations – G


UK railway stations – H


Podporozhye, Leningrad Oblast

Podporozhye () is a town in Leningrad Oblast, Russia. In 2010, 18,733 people lived there.

Novaya Ladoga

Novaya Ladoga () is a town in Leningrad Oblast, Russia. In 2010, 8,838 people lived there.

UK railway stations – I


Serpukhov

Serpukhov () is a city in Moscow Oblast, Russia. In 2010, 127,041 people lived there.

UK railway stations – J


UK railway stations – K


Kolomna

Kolomna () is a city in Moscow Oblast, Russia. It is at the confluence of the Moskva and Oka Rivers. In 2010, 144,589 people lived there.

UK railway stations – L


UK railway stations – M


UK railway stations – N


UK railway stations – O


UK railway stations – P


UK railway stations – Q


UK railway stations – R


UK railway stations – S


UK railway stations – T


UK railway stations – U


UK railway stations – V


UK railway stations – W


Pikmin 4

Pikmin 4 is a real-time strategy video game developed by Nintendo EPD and published by Nintendo. It is the fourth main entry in the "Pikmin" series and the sixth entry overall. It was released on the Nintendo Switch on July 21, 2023.

"Pikmin 4" got good reviews from critics, who praised the game's level design, visuals, score, amount of content, and access to newcomers, while criticizing the limited multiplayer options and low difficulty.

Heckler &amp; Koch P9

The Heckler & Koch P9 is a semi-automatic pistol from Heckler & Koch in 9×19mm Parabellum, .45 ACP, and 7.65×21mm Parabellum. It is the first pistol to use a variation of H&K's roller delayed blowback system.

Footy

Footy could mean:


China (disambiguation)

China is a cultural and historical region in Asia.

China could also mean:






Electoral district of Brighton

Brighton is an electoral district of Victoria. It was created in 1856. It is in the Southern Metropolitan Region.

Brighton is in Melbourne. It is one of three Victorian electorates to have been contested at every state election, the other two being Richmond and Williamstown.

Electoral district of Malvern

Malvern is an electoral district of Victoria. It was created in 1945. It is in the Southern Metropolitan Region.

Malvern is in Melbourne.

Electoral district of Sandringham

Sandringham is an electoral district of Victoria. It was created in 1955. It is in the Southern Metropolitan Region.

Sandringham is in Melbourne.

L.A. Woman (song)

"L.A. Woman" is a song by American rock band The Doors. It is the title track to their sixth studio album "L.A. Woman" and the final album to feature Jim Morrison before his death on 3 July, 1971.

In 1990, singer Billy Idol covered L.A. Woman for his fourth studio album "Charmed Life". It went to number 52 in the United States, number 70 in the United Kingdom, number 34 in Australia, number 28 in Ireland and number 25 in New Zealand. The music video was directed by David Fincher.

Electoral district of Berwick

Berwick is an electoral district of Victoria. It was created in 1976, abolished in 2002 and recreated in 2022. It is in the South-Eastern Metropolitan Region.

Berwick is in Melbourne.

Electoral district of Bulleen

Bulleen is an electoral district of Victoria. It was created in 1985. It is in the North-Eastern Metropolitan Region.

Bulleen is in Melbourne.

Electoral district of Croydon (Victoria)

Croydon is an electoral district of Victoria. It was created in 2014. It is in the North-Eastern Metropolitan Region.

Croydon is in Melbourne.

Electoral district of Rowville

Rowville is an electoral district of Victoria. It was created in 2014. It is in the South-Eastern Metropolitan Region.

Rowville is in Melbourne.

Electoral district of Warrandyte

Warrandyte is an electoral district of Victoria. It was created in 1976. It is in the North-Eastern Metropolitan Region.

Warrandyte is in Melbourne.

Fathima Fakhr-un-Nisar

Tipu Sultan (1 December 1751 – 4 May 1799), is also known as the mysoor, was the ruler of the Mysore from 1782 to 1799. He was also a scholar, soldier and poet. Tipu was the eldest son of Sultan Hyder Ali and his wife Fathima Fakhr-un-Nisar. Tipu Sultan was born in Devanahalli in 1751. The birthplace of Tipu Sultan, located very close to the Devanahalli Fort is just a small pillared closed place with a stone tablet which declares the place to be the birthplace of Tipu Sultan. The area around the place is known as Khas Bagh.

Electoral district of Oakleigh

Oakleigh is an electoral district of Victoria. It was created in 1927. It is in the Southern Metropolitan Region.

Oakleigh is in Melbourne.

Electoral district of Bentleigh

Bentleigh is an electoral district of Victoria. It was created in 1967. It is in the Southern Metropolitan Region.

Bentleigh is in Melbourne.

Electoral district of Albert Park

Albert Park is an electoral district of Victoria. It was created in 1889. It is in the Southern Metropolitan Region.

Albert Park is in the Melbourne CBD.

Electoral district of Ashwood

Ashwood is an electoral district of Victoria. It was created in. It is in the Southern Metropolitan Region.

Ashwood is in Melbourne.

Electoral district of Box Hill

Box Hill is an electoral district of Victoria. It was created in 1945. It is in the North-Eastern Metropolitan Region.

Box Hill is in Melbourne.

Electoral district of Bayswater

Bayswater is an electoral district of Victoria. It was created in 1992. It is in the North-Eastern Metropolitan Region.

Bayswater is in Melbourne.

Campeonato Amapaense

Campeonato Amapaense, also known as Amapazão, is an association football competition played in the state of Amapá, in Brazil. 

The Campeonato Amapaense started in 1944, one year after Amapá was separeted from Pará, turning into a federal territory. The Federação Amapaense, that organizes the competition, was created in June 26, 1945. Glicério Marques, the stadium that were played the matches at the time, was inaugurated in January 15, 1950, with a match between the now extinct teams of Amapá and Pará, which ended 1x0 to Pará.

The competition became professional in 1991, that were won by EC Macapá, when they won 2x1 against Amapá Clube, its first professional title. And in 1996, the competition was not played because of financial reasons, the last time this happened, counting all states of Brazil.

Electoral district of Bundoora

Bundoora is an electoral district of Victoria. It was created in 1976. It is in the North-Eastern Metropolitan Region.

Bundoora is in Melbourne.

Electoral district of Eltham

Eltham is an electoral district of Victoria. It was created in 1992. It is in the North-Eastern Metropolitan Region.

Eltham is in Melbourne.

Electoral district of Glen Waverley

Glen Waverley is an electoral district of Victoria. It was created in 1985, abolished in 2002 and recreated in 2022. It is in the North-Eastern Metropolitan Region.

Glen Waverley is in Melbourne.

Gustav Schuft

Fritz Richard Gustav Schuft was a gymnast from Germany. Fritz competed at the 1896 Summer Olympics. He was born on 16 June 1876 and died on 8 February 1948.

Gyula Kakas

Gyula Kakas was a gymnast from Hungary. Gyula competed at the 1896 Summer Olympics. He was born on 28 March 1875 and died on 25 February 1928.

Electoral district of Ivanhoe

Ivanhoe is an electoral district of Victoria. It was created in 1945. It is in the North-Eastern Metropolitan Region.

Ivanhoe is in Melbourne.

Dezső Wein

Dezső Wein was a medical doctor and gymnast from Hungary. Dezső competed at the 1896 Summer Olympics. He was born on 19 January 1873 and died on 5 June 1944.


Electoral district of Mill Park

Mill Park is an electoral district of Victoria. It was created in 1992. It is in the North-Eastern Metropolitan Region.

Mill Park is in Melbourne.

Charles Champaud

Charles Champaud was a Swiss gymnast. Charles competed at the 1896 Summer Olympics. He was born in 1865.

Adolphe Grisel

Adolphe Jules Grisel was a athlete and gymnast from France. Adolphe competed at the 1896 Summer Olympics. He was born on 9 December 1872 and died on 13 December 1942.

Electoral district of Ringwood (Victoria)

Ringwood is an electoral district of Victoria. It was created in 1958, abolished in 1992 and recreated in 2014. It is in the North-Eastern Metropolitan Region.

Ringwood is in Melbourne.

Electoral district of Broadmeadows

Broadmeadows is an electoral district of Victoria. It was created in 1955. It is in the Northern Metropolitan Region.

Broadmeadows is in Melbourne.

Electoral district of Essendon

Essendon is an electoral district of Victoria. It was created in 1904, abolished in 1955 and recreated in 1958. It is in the Northern Metropolitan Region.

Essendon is in Melbourne.

Electoral district of Greenvale

Greenvale is an electoral district of Victoria. It was created in 2022. It is in the Northern Metropolitan Region.

Greenvale is in Melbourne.

Electoral district of Kalkallo

Kalkallo is an electoral district of Victoria. It was created in 2022. It is in the Northern Metropolitan Region.

Kalkallo is in Melbourne.

Electoral district of Northcote

Northcote is an electoral district of Victoria. It was created in 1927. It is in the Northern Metropolitan Region.

Northcote is in Melbourne.

Electoral district of Pascoe Vale

Pascoe Vale is an electoral district of Victoria. It was created in 1955, abolished in 1958 and recreated in 1985. It is in the Northern Metropolitan Region.

Pascoe Vale is in Melbourne.

Electoral district of Preston

Preston is an electoral district of Victoria. It is in the Northern Metropolitan Region.

Preston is in Melbourne.

Electoral district of Thomastown

Thomastown is an electoral district of Victoria. It was created in 1985. It is in the Northern Metropolitan Region.

Thomastown is in Melbourne.

20th Century Boy

"20th Century Boy" is a 1973 song by glam rock band T. Rex and was released as a stand-alone single. It went to number 3 in the United Kingdom, number 1 in Ireland, number 57 in Australia, number 28 in Spain, number 9 in Norway and number 8 in Germany. It was covered by Def Leppard for their ninth studio album "Yeah!" in 2006.

Oh Well (song)

"Oh Well" is a 1969 song by British blues rock band Fleetwood Mac. It later appeared on their third studio album "Then Play On" and their 1971 greatest hits album "Greatest Hits". "Oh Well" was composed into two parts Part 1 is a faster paced track and Part 2 is the entirely different instrumental piece with a classical influence added into it. It went to number 2 in the United Kingdom and France, number 54 in Canada, number 55 in the United States, number 17 in Australia, number 5 in Germany and Ireland, number 3 in Norway and number 6 in Austria and Switzerland. It was covered by Deep Purple for their 21st studio album "Turning to Crime". 

Kalamata F.C.

Kalamata Football Club () is a Greek football club in Messenia, Kalamata. They play in the Super League Greece 2 which is the second tier of the Greek football league system. The club's home ground is the Kalamata Metropolitan Stadium.

Release Me (Eddie Miller song)

"Release Me" (sometimes rendered as "Release Me (and Let Me Love Again)"), is a popular song written by Eddie Miller and Robert Yount. It was popularized by Esther Phillips in 1962 and Engelbert Humperdinck in 1967 where it topped the single charts in the United Kingdom, Belgium and Ireland and made number 4 in the United States, number 2 in New Zealand, Canada and the Netherlands and number 3 in Australia. The dance version made number 45 in New Zealand in 1999.

Tea Horse Road

The Tea Horse Road or "Chamadao" () now mostly called the Ancient Tea Horse Road or "Chamagudao" () was a network of paths going through the mountains of Sichuan, Yinnuan and Tibet in Southwest China. It was also a tea trade route.

Flip Your Wig

Flip Your Wig is the fourth studio album by American punk rock band Hüsker Dü and released in September 1985 through SST Records. It was the best-selling album to that point and topped the British Indie Chart in 1985.

Trans-lunar injection

Trans lunar injection is when a spacecraft burns fuel to gain velocity and head to the moon.

Maintal

Maintal is the second largest town in Main-Kinzig in Hesse, Germany. It is on the river Main, between Frankfurt am Main and Hanau.

Maintal is twinned with:


Luisant

Luisant is a commune. It is in Centre-Val de Loire in the Eure-et-Loir department in north France.

Moosburg, Austria

Moosburg is a market town in Klagenfurt-Land in the Austrian state of Carinthia.

Magas

Magas () is the capital city of Ingushetia, Russia. It was founded in 1995 and replaced Nazran as the capital of the republic in 2002. Magas is the smallest capital of a federal subject in Russia. In 2010, 2,502 people lived there.

Nazran

Nazran () is the largest city in Ingushetia, Russia. It was the capital of the republic from 1991 to 2000, until it was replaced by Magas. In 2010, 93,335 people lived there.

Karabulak, Republic of Ingushetia

Karabulak () is a town in the Republic of Ingushetia, Russia. In 2010, 30,961 people lived there.

Malgobek

Malgobek (; ) is a town in the Republic of Ingushetia, Russia. In 2010, 31,018 people lived there.

Electoral district of Carrum

Carrum is an electoral district of Victoria. It was created in 1976. It is in the South-Eastern Metropolitan Region.

Carrum is in Melbourne.

Sunzha

Sunzha (; ) is a town in the Republic of Ingushetia, Russia. In 2010, 61,598 people lived there.

Murom

Murom () is a city in Vladimir Oblast, Russia. It is along the left bank of the Oka River. In 2010, 116,075 people lived there.

Electoral district of Clarinda

Clarinda is an electoral district of Victoria. It was created in 2014. It is in the South-Eastern Metropolitan Region.

Clarinda is in Melbourne.

Electoral district of Cranbourne

Cranbourne is an electoral district of Victoria. It was created in 1992. It is in the South-Eastern Metropolitan Region.

Cranbourne is in Melbourne.

Electoral district of Dandenong

Dandenong is an electoral district of Victoria. It was created in 1904. It is in the South-Eastern Metropolitan Region.

Dandenong is in Melbourne.

Electoral district of Frankston

Frankston is an electoral district of Victoria. It was created in 1967, abolished in 1985 and recreated in 1992. It is in the South-Eastern Metropolitan Region.

Frankston is in Melbourne.

Monreale

Monreale is a city in Sicily in southern Italy. Monreale is in the Metropolitan City of Palermo. About 39,000 people live there. It is 7 km southwest of Palermo on the slope of Monte Caputo. It is home to Monreale Cathedral.

Olgiate Molgora

Olgiate Molgora is a "comune" in the Province of Lecco in the Lombardy region in Italy.

Electoral district of Mordialloc

Mordialloc is an electoral district of Victoria. It was created in 1992. It is in the South-Eastern Metropolitan Region.

Mordialloc is in Melbourne.

Calco

Calco is a "comune" in the Province of Lecco in the Lombardy region in Italy.

Electoral district of Mulgrave (Victoria)

Mulgrave is an electoral district of Victoria. It was created in 1958, abolished in 1967 and recreated in 2002. It is in the South-Eastern Metropolitan Region.

Mulgrave is in Melbourne.

Agrate Conturbia

Agrate Conturbia is a "comune" in the Province of Novara in the Piedmont region in Italy. It is known for its zoo La Torbiera, which was built in 1977.

Electoral district of Narre Warren North

Narre Warren North is an electoral district of Victoria. It was created in 2002. It is in South-Eastern Metropolitan Region.

Narre Warren North is in Melbourne.

Ameno, Piedmont

Ameno is a "comune" in the Province of Novara in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Armeno

Armeno is a "comune" in the Province of Novara in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Electoral district of Narre Warren South

Narre Warren South is an electoral district of Victoria. It was created in 2002. It is in the South-Eastern Metropolitan Region.

Narre Warren South is in Melbourne.

Arona, Piedmont

Arona is a city and "comune" on Lake Maggiore, in the Province of Novara in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Electoral district of Footscray

Footscray is an electoral district of Victoria. It was created in 1877, abolished in 1904 and recreated in 1927. It is in the Western Metropolitan Region.

Electoral district of Kororoit

Kororoit is an electoral district of Victoria. It was created in 2002. It is in the Western Metropolitan Region.

Kororoit is in Melbourne.

Barengo

Barengo is a "comune" in the Province of Novara in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Football player Giampiero Boniperti was born here.

Bellinzago Novarese

Bellinzago Novarese is a "comune" in the Province of Novara in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Biandrate

Biandrate is a "comune" in the Province of Novara in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Boca, Novara

Boca is a "comune" in the Province of Novara in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Bogogno

Bogogno is a "comune" in the Province of Novara in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Bolzano Novarese

Bolzano Novarese is a "comune" in the Province of Novara in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Independent Liberal (Australia)

Independent Liberal is a political description used in Australia. It refers to a member of the centre-right Liberal Party who is an independent.

Independent Liberals are most common on the local level. However, there is one independent Liberal in a state parliament: Moira Deeming, a member of the Victorian Legislative Council, who was expelled from the parliamentary Liberal Party but remains a rank-and-file member of the party.


Independent Labor (Australia)

Independent Labor is a political description used in Australia. It refers to a member of the centre-left Labor Party who is also an independent.

Independent Labor members are most common at the local level. However, there are two state MPs who are independent Labor members: David O'Byrne in the Tasmanian House of Assembly and Mark Turner in the Northern Territory Legislative Assembly.


A Hungarian Fairy Tale

A Hungarian Fairy Tale is a 1988 Hungarian fantasy movie directed by Gyula Gazdag and starring Dávid Vermes, Mária Varga, František Husák and Eszter Csákányi.

Electoral district of Laverton

Laverton is an electoral district of Victoria. It was created in 2022. It is in the Western Metropolitan Region.

Laverton is in Melbourne.

Electoral district of Niddrie

Niddrie is an electoral district of Victoria. It was created in 1976. It is in the Western Metropolitan Region.

Niddrie is in Melbourne.

Electoral district of Point Cook

Point Cook is an electoral district of Victoria. It was created in 2022. It is in the Western Metropolitan Region.

Point Cook is in Melbourne.

Electoral district of St Albans

St Albans is an electoral district of Victoria. It was created in 1985, abolished in 1992 and recreated in 2014. It is in the Western Metropolitan Region.

St Albans is in Melbourne.

Electoral district of Sunbury

Sunbury is an electoral district of Victoria. It was created in 2014. It is in the Western Metropolitan Region.

Sunbury is in Melbourne.

Electoral district of Sydenham

Sydenham is an electoral district of Victoria. It was created in 2014. It is in the Western Metropolitan Region.

Sydenham is in Melbourne.

Electoral district of Tarneit

Tarneit is an electoral district of Victoria. It was created in 2002. It is in the Western Metropolitan Region.

Tarneit is in Melbourne.

Electoral district of Werribee

Werribee is an electoral district of Victoria. It was created in 1976, abolished in 2002 and recreated in 2014. It is in the Western Metropolitan Region.

Werribee is in Melbourne.

Electoral district of Williamstown

Willamstown is an electoral district of Victoria. It was created in 1856. It is in the Western Metropolitan Region.

Williamstown is in Melbourne. It is one of only three Victorian state electorates to have been contested at every election, the other two being Brighton and Richmond.

Rhacophorus georgii

The Tuwa flying frog ("Rhacophorus georgii") is a frog. It lives in Sulawesi in Indonesia.

Aubière

Aubière is a commune. It is in Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Puy-de-Dôme department in southeast France.


Geesthacht

Geesthacht is the largest town in Lauenburg in Schleswig-Holstein, Germany.

Geesthacht is twinned with:

Värssu

Värssu is a village in Pühalepa Parish, Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia.

Viilupi

Viilupi is a village in Pühalepa Parish, Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia.

Vilivalla, Hiiu County

Vilivalla is a village in Pühalepa Parish, Hiiu County in northwestern Estonia.

Mark Giambruno

Mark Giambruno (born 1957, in Placerville, California, died 2023) was an American 3D artist, art director, writer, and voice actor. Giambruno was an early employee of Mondo Media, and as such, work on some of their earlier projects, he was also well known for being the voice of Lifty and Shifty, on the adult-animated web series Happy Tree Friends, before Kenn Navarro would take over the role of both of them after Giambruno left. According to Warren Graff on his TikTok, Giambruno died long ago, from an unknown cause.

Ken Pontac

Ken Pontac (born May 22, 1957) is an American writer and voice actor, who was written for several shows like ToddWorld, LazyTown, and the adult animated web series Happy Tree Friends, for which he also provided additional voices and helped create it’s spin-off Ka-Pow!. Pontac also co-created the tv show Bump In The Night.

Hong Kong emigrants to the United Kingdom

After the crackdown on democracy in Hong Kong and the passage of the national security law in 2020 many people left Hong Kong and moved to the United Kingdom. More than 144,000 Hongkongers moved to the UK in 2021 and 2022 using British National (Overseas) visas. They are described as a highly skilled workforce eager to integrate. Unlike earlier immigrants from China they have been educated in the English language and have money. Most of them are in their 30s and 40s with children. The “main priority for Hongkongers is good schools for their children”. Many have moved to Trafford, Warrington and Solihull - suburbs which have not had many immigrants in the past. Fewer moved to London than in earlier years.

Nikita (song)

"Nikita" is a 1985 song by Elton John and is taken from his 19th studio album "Ice on Fire". It topped the single charts in Belgium, Canada, Germany, Ireland, the Netherlands, New Zealand, Portugal, South Africa, Switzerland and Zimbabwe. It went to the top ten in Australia, Austria, Canada, France, Norway, Spain, Sweden, the United Kingdom and the United States.

Villeneuve, Ariège

Villeneuve is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Ariège department in southwest France.


Villeneuve, Aveyron

Villeneuve is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Aveyron department in south France.


Villeneuve, Puy-de-Dôme

Villeneuve is a commune. It is in Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Puy-de-Dôme department in central France.


Brassac-les-Mines

Brassac-les-Mines is a commune. It is in Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Puy-de-Dôme department in central France. It is the capital of the canton of Brassac-les-Mines.

Grandval, Puy-de-Dôme

Grandval is a commune. It is in Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Puy-de-Dôme department in central France.

Villeneuve-d'Allier

Villeneuve-d'Allier is a commune in the Haute-Loire department in south-central France.

Villeneuve-d'Aval

Villeneuve-d'Aval is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Jura department in east France.

Mammography

Mammography is an x-ray of the breast. It is used to look for things that may be in a breast like a tumor. These images are viewed by radiologists for abnormal findings. A mammogram uses lower powered x-rays when compared to x-rays of bones. Other tests are often used along with mammograms. These are ultrasound, ductography, positron emission mammography (PEM), and magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) are adjuncts to mammography. 

Mammography has resulted in a 30 percent drop in the U.S. cancer death rate. Mammography became widespread in the 1980s. 

When You're Gone (Bryan Adams song)

"When You're Gone" is a 1998 song by Bryan Adams and Melanie C. It was taken from his eighth studio album "On a Day Like Today". It went to number 3 in the United Kingdom and Ireland, number 12 in Canada, number 7 in Denmark, Greece, Hungary and the Netherlands, number 15 in New Zealand, number 29 in Iceland, number 37 in France, number 14 in Germany and Austria, number 2 in Scotland and number 4 in Australia.

UK CD single 1
UK CD single 2
UK cassette single
Australian CD single

Electoral district of Traeger

Traeger is an electoral district of Queensland. It was created in 2017.

Electoral district of Hinchinbrook

Hinchinbrook is an electoral district of Queensland. It was created in 1950.

Electoral district of Hill

Hill is an electoral district of Queensland. It was created in 2017.

Electoral district of Mirani

Mirani is an electoral district of Queensland. It was created in 1912.

Electoral district of Noosa

Noosa is an electoral district of Queensland. It was created in 1992.

Electoral district of Maiwar

Maiwar is an electoral district of Queensland. It was created in 2017.

Maiwar is in the Brisbane CBD.

Electoral district of South Brisbane

South Brisbane is an electoral district of Queensland. It was created in 1860.

South Brisbane is in the Brisbane CBD.

Electoral district of Condamine

Condamine is an electoral district of Queensland. It was created in 1950, abolished in 1992 and recreated in 2009.

Electoral district of Warrego

Warrego is an electoral district of Queensland. It was created in 1865.

Electoral district of Southern Downs

Southern Downs is an electoral district of Queensland. It was created in 2001.

Electoral district of Toowoomba North

Toowoomba North is an electoral district of Queensland. It was created in 1972.

Toowoomba North is in Toowoomba.

Electoral district of Toowoomba South

Toowoomba South is an electoral district of Queensland. It was created in 1972.

Toowoomba South is in Toowoomba.

Electoral district of Bundaberg

Bundaberg is an electoral district of Queensland. It was created in 1888.

Bundaberg is in Bundaberg.

In the Air Tonite

"In the Air Tonite" is a 2001 song by Lil' Kim featuring Phil Collins. It is a reworking of the 1981 song "In the Air Tonight" by Phil Collins. It was taken from the 2001 album "Urban Revival". It went to number 26 in the United Kingdom, number 18 in Canada, number 91 in Australia, number 8 in Austria, number 3 in Germany and number 45 in Scotland.

UK CD single

German CD single

Electoral district of Burnett

Burnett is an electoral district of Queensland. It was created in 1860, abolished in 1932 and recreated in 1960.

Filippos Karvelas

Filippos Karvelas was a gymnast from Greece. Filippos competed at the 1896 Summer Olympics. He was born in 1877 and died on 7 November 1952.

Ioannis Mitropoulos

Ioannis Mitropoulos was a gymnast from Greece. Ioannis competed at the 1896 Summer Olympics. He was born in 1874.

Antonios Papaioannou

Antonios Papaioannou was a gymnast from Greece. Antonios competed at the 1896 Summer Olympics.

Nikolaos Andriakopoulos

Nikolaos Andriakopoulos was a gymnast from Greece. He competed at the 1896 Summer Olympics. He was born in 1878.

Petros Persakis

Petros Persakis was a gymnast from Greece. Petros competed at the 1896 Summer Olympics. He was born in 1879.

Thomas Xenakis

Thomas Xenakis was a gymnast from Greece. Thomas competed at the 1896 Summer Olympics. He was born on 30 March 1875 and died on 7 July 1942.

Rilee Rossouw

Rilee Roscoe Rossouw is a cricketer from South Africa. Rilee played for the national team. He was born on October 9, 1989.

Reeza Hendricks

Reeza Raphael Hendricks is a cricketer from South Africa. He plays for Gauteng and for the South Africa national cricket team. He was born on August 14, 1989.

Quinton de Kock

Quinton de Kock is a cricketer from South Africa and retired captain of the South Africa national cricket team. He was born on December 17, 1992.

Reece Topley

Reece James William Topley is a cricketer from England. He plays for the England cricket team. He was born on February 21, 1994.

Jason Roy

Jason Jonathan Roy (born 21 July 1990) is a cricketer from England. He plays for England cricket team in One Day International (ODI) and Twenty20 International (T20I) cricket. He was born on July 21, 1990.

Adil Rashid

Adil Usman Rashid is a cricketer from England. He plays for England cricket team in One Day International (ODI) and Twenty20 International (T20I) cricket. He was born on February 17, 1988.

Electoral district of Callide

Callide os an electoral district of Queensland. It was created in 1950.

Electoral district of Gladstone

Gladstone is an electoral district of Queensland. It was created in 1992.

Electoral district of Gregory

Gregory is an electoral district of Queensland. It was created in 1878.

Electoral district of Hervey Bay

Hervey Bay is an electoral district of Queensland. It was created in 1992.

Hervey Bay includes the city of Hervey Bay and the entire island of K'gari (Fraser Island).

Hervey Bay

Hervey Bay () is a coastal city in Queensland.

Cynthia Coffman

Cynthia Coffman is an American serial killer. In 1986, she killed two women in California. She was convicted along with her boyfriend, James Marlow. Coffman says she was present when the women were killed. She also says that she suffered from battered woman syndrome. She was sentenced to death and is sitting on death row in a prison in California.

She was bourn in St .Louis, Missouri. She had a difficult childhood. Her father soon left the family, and her mother raised her alone. At one point, her mother tried to give her and her brother away. When she was 18 years old, she was married. She became a mother. The marriage did not last long, however. She moved to Arizona with a friend. She met Marlow shortly after he was released from jail. They started to take methamphetamine together, got married, and began to commit violent crimes.

Both Coffman and Marlow were accused of killing four women, in October and November 1986. Coffman confessed to the murders, Her attorneys said that she loved Marlow, bur that he brainwashed and abused her. 

They were put on trial in July 1989 and 1990 and sentenced to death. Coffman was the first woman to receive a death sentence in California since the death penalty was reintroducerd in 1977. A trial in 1992 convicted her of another murder, for which she received a sentence of life imprisonment. After this, Coffman confessed to the murders.

Electoral district of Keppel

Keppel is an electoral district of Queensland. It was created in 1912, abolished in 1960 and recreated in 1992.

Electoral district of Mackay

Mackay is an electoral district of Queensland. It was created in 1878.

Mackay is in Mackay.

Electoral district of Maryborough (Queensland)

Maryborough is an electoral district of Queensland. It was created in 1865.

Electoral district of Rockhampton

Rockhampton is an electoral district of Queensland. It was created in 1865, abolished in 1960 and recreated in 1972.

Rockhampton is in Rockhampton.

Electoral district of Barron River

Barron River is an electoral district of Queensland. It was created in 1972.

Barron River is in Cairns.

Electoral district of Cairns

Cairns is an electoral district of Queensland. It was created in 1888.

Cairns is in Cairns.

Electoral district of Cook

Cook is an electoral district of Queensland. It was created in 1876.

Electoral district of Mulgrave (Queensland)

Mulgrave is an electoral district of Queensland. It was created in 1873, abolished in 1888 and recreated in 1950.

Electoral district of Burdekin

Burdekin is an electoral district of Queensland. It was created in 1950.

MOD'SPE Paris

MOD'SPE Paris is a European higher studies establishment. The school is in Paris and Lille, France.

The School is specialist in the fields of fashion, design and luxury.


Electoral district of Mundingburra

Mundingburra is an electoral district of Queensland. It was created in 1912, abolished in 1960 and recreated in 1992.

Mundingburra is in Townsville.

Electoral district of Thuringowa

Thuringowa is an electoral district of Queensland. It was created in 1986.

Thuringowa is in Townsville.

Electoral district of Townsville

Townsville is an electoral district of Queensland. It was created in 1878.

Townsville is in Townsville.

Electoral district of Whitsunday

Whitsunday is an electoral district of Queensland. It was created in 1950.

Electoral district of Lockyer

Lockyer is an electoral district of Queensland. It was created in 1888, abolished in 1932 and recreated in 1950.

Electoral district of Scenic Rim

Scenic Rim is an electoral district of Queensland. It was created in 2017.

Electoral district of Ipswich

Ipswich is an electoral district of Queensland. It was created in 1860, abolished in 1960 and recreated in 1972.

Ipswich is in Ipswich.

Electoral district of Bundamba

Bundamba is an electoral district of Queensland. It was created in 1873, abolished in 1912 and recreated in 1992.

Bundamba is in Ipswich.

Note that the swings above are calculated from the 2020 Bundamba state by-election.

Plastic bag ban

Thin plastic bags are commonly available at retail stores. Many stores make them available for free. These bags have a number of problems though: In many cases, they are only used once. Like other plastic, they take a long time to decay. In the 21st century there have been ideas to replace these bags with other bags, or to make a tax apply to these bags. This is known as plastic bag ban, or plastic bag charge. These bags are commonly made of low-density polyethylene. For a long time, they were considered an easy way for transporting goods, both cheap, and hygienic. The problems that are associated with these bags are that non-renewable resources (such as crude oil, gas and coal) are used to produce them. Disposing them is also problematic, very often they are simply thown away. Shops have started introducing reusable shopping bags. 

Different governments have banned the sale of these bags, or they put a tax on their sale. Bangladesh was the first country to do this, in 2002; it banned these bags completely. Between 2010 and 2019, the number of public policies intended to phase out plastic carryout bags tripled. As of 2022, bans have been introduced in 99 countries and 32 countries have introduced a charge per bag.

Plastic bags cause many ecological and environmental problems. The most general issue with plastic bags is the amount of waste produced. Many plastic bags end up on streets and pollute major water sources, rivers, and streams. 

Even when they are disposed properly, they take many years to decompose. This generates a lot of garbage. In many cases, they are simply thrown away. This will pollute waterways. Thin plastic bags are in the oceans, where they affect the ecosystem of marine creatures. Several microbial species colonize on plastic particles making them more harmful. Plastic particles driven by winds form garbage patches in the oceans. The UN estimates that there will be more plastics than fish in the oceans by 2050 unless countries come up with urgent measures to promote efficient production, use and waste management of plastics throughout their life cycles.

Plastic bags contribute to global warming. When they are exposed to the sun, they release two greenhouse gases, methane and ethylene. Because they are thin, they break down more easily than other forms of plastics. At the end of a 212-day trial, emissions have been recorded at 5.8 nmol g-1 d-1 of methane, 14.5 nmol g-1 d-1 of ethylene, 3.9 nmol g-1 d-1 of ethane and 9.7 nmol g-1 d-1 of propylene.

The bags cause direct harm to wildlife. Animals may be caught in the debris. As they cannot get away, they may either starve, or drown, when the debris is washed into the sea. Many animals cannot distinguish the small plastic pieces from food, and eat them. The debris then clog the animals' intestines, and may lead to the animal slowly starving. Plastic bags can block drains, trap birds and kill livestock. The World Wide Fund for Nature has estimated that over 100,000 whales, seals, and turtles die every year as a result of eating or being trapped by plastic bags. It is very common across Africa to have sewers and drain systems clogged by bags which cause malaria due to the increased population of mosquitoes that live on the flooded sewers. The term "white pollution" has been coined in China to describe the local and global effects of discarded plastic bags upon the environment.

Lightweight plastic bags break down by polymer degradation. Any toxic additives they contain will be released into the environment. Many of those toxins directly affect the endocrine systems of organisms, which control almost every cell in the body. Research shows the average operating "lifespan" of a plastic bag to be approximately 20 years.

Plastic bags dumped in the Pacific Ocean can end up in the Great Pacific garbage patch. 80% of the plastic waste comes from land; the rest comes from oil platforms and ships. This can be eaten by marine animals, and block their breathing passages and digestive systems. Plastic bags not only add to the Great Pacific garbage patch, they can be washed ashore around the world.

The two most popular methods of phasing out lightweight plastic bags are charges and bans. The charge strategy has the same results as a plastic bag ban; it also has benefit of creating a new revenue source. The plastic bag charge method also protects consumer choice, which the ban does not.

Plastic bags can also be recycled. The problem with recycling is that as of 2023, only 5% of plastic bags make it to recycling facilities. Even when bags are brought to recycling facilities, they often fly out of the bins or recycling trucks and end up as litter on the streets. Different bags are made from different yet similar types of plastics. Recycling facilities can often only recycle one kind of bag. Recycling different types will make recycling more expensive. 

Plastic bag bans have also been criticised. Such bans can lead to larger black markets in plastic bags. Studies show that plastic bag bans can shift people away from using thin plastic bags, but it can also increase the use of unregulated single use paper bags or unregulated thicker plastic bags in areas where these are provided for free. The bans can also lead to more trash bags being sold, because people can no longer reuse their old grocery bags for things like lining small trash cans..

Sometimes, the production of non-plastic bags can emit more greenhouse gases, than plastic bags. Some alternatives to plastic bags would need to be reused over a hundred times to make them more environmentally friendly than plastic bags. They are also viewed as less sanitary than plastic because they can bring germs from outside the store to high contact volume surfaces like carts and check out stands.

Electoral district of Ipswich West

Ipswich West is an electoral district of Queensland. It was created in 1960.

Ipswich West is in Ipswich.

Havercroft

Havercroft is a village in West Yorkshire, England. In 2011, 2,256 people lived there.

Electoral district of Nanango

Nanango is an electoral district of Queensland. It was created in 1912, abolished in 1950 and recreated in 2001.

Electoral district of Gympie

Gympie is an electoral district of Queensland. It was created in 1873, abolished in 1950 and recreated in 1960.

Reusable shopping bag

A reusable shopping bag is a shopping bag that is meant to be re-used several times. Such are often contrasted with single-use shopping bags, which are only used once, most of the time. Re-usable shopping bags are often produced of materials such as plant fibers (for example jute or hemp).

Philipsburg, Sint Maarten

Philipsburg is the capital city of Sint Maarten. In 2017, 1,894 people lived there.

Philipsburg was founded in 1763 by John Philips, a Scottish captain in the Dutch navy.

Confident (Demi Lovato song)

"Confident" is a 2015 song by Demi Lovato and is the title track to her fifth studio album "Confident". It topped the single charts in Israel and made the top 30 in New Zealand, the United States, Canada, Czech Republic and Scotland. The music video was directed by Robert Rodriguez.



Animal language

Certain animals use complex patterns to communicate with each other. These patterns have been called animal language. In many ways, they are similar to human language. That way, animal can use signing, or sounds. Sometimes, they use chemical compounds. 
Animal language has many of the same properties as human language:


Sbrinz

Sbrinz is a hard cheese produced in central Switzerland. It is often used instead of Parmesan cheese. It is made from cow's milk.

Swing bridge

A swing bridge is built over a river or canal and can be opened to let ships or boats pass. It turns around a central support - although small swing bridges on canals often are only supported from one end.

Shopping bag

A shopping bag is a bag that is used to carry items that were purchased during shopping, for example in a grocery store or supermarket. There are different designs for such bags:
These bags can be made of paper, of different kinds of plastics or of a natural fiber, such as jute or hemp. 
Because plastic bags take a long time to decay, some countries have banned single-use plastic bags. 

Objection (Tango)

Objection is a song from Shakira released in 2001. It is the first song of her album 'Laundry Service' (Release date: November 13, 2001).

Local board of health

Local boards of health were the first public health organisations in England and Wales. They were set up under the Public Health Act 1848 after cholera epidemics had killed a lot of people in cities. They had the power to control sewers, clean the streets, and manage other health risks including slaughterhouses and supply clean water to their districts.

Probactrosaurus

Probactrosaurus (meaning "before "Bactrosaurus"") is a genus of herbivorous hadrosaur that lived in China during the Early Cretaceous period.


Futureworld

Futureworld is a 1976 American science fiction thriller movie directed by Richard T. Heffron and stars Peter Fonda, Blythe Danner, Arthur Hill, Stuart Margolin, John Ryan, Yul Brynner. It is a sequel to the 1973 movie "Westworld" and is the second movie in the "Westworld" franchise. It was distributed by American International Pictures.


This Year's Model

This Year's Model is the second studio album by Elvis Costello. Elvis Costello is an English singer and songwriter. Radar Records released the album on 17 March 1978. It is his first album with the Attractions, Costello's band. The people in the Attractions were keyboard player Steve Nieve, bass guitar player Bruce Thomas and drummer Pete Thomas. The group recorded the album's music at Eden Studios in London. Nick Lowe produced the album. Costello wrote most of the songs before the band started recording music. He played some of them at concerts in 1977.

The album had two singles: "(I Don't Want to Go to) Chelsea" and "Pump It Up". The album was successful. It was number four on the UK Albums Chart. Columbia Records released it in the United States in May 1978. It was number 30 on the "Billboard" 200. Many music critics liked the album. They liked the music and Costello's songwriting.

"This Year's Model" influenced new wave and punk rock music. Many people think it is one of Costello's best albums. Many music makers inspired Costello, such as the Rolling Stones. The album has been released many times with new music on it. In 2021, Costello helped make a new version of the album named "Spanish Model". It had music sung in Spanish by many different singers. It went on many "Billboard" charts.

All songs written by Elvis Costello.

Side one

Side two

Villeneuve-de-Marc

Villeneuve-de-Marc is a commune. It is found in the Isère department in the southeastern part of France.

Villeneuve-de-la-Raho

Villeneuve-de-la-Raho () is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Pyrénées-Orientales department in south France.

Villeneuve-de-Duras

Villeneuve-de-Duras () is a commune. It is in Nouvelle-Aquitaine in the Lot-et-Garonne department in southwest France.

Villeneuve-de-Marsan

Villeneuve-de-Marsan is a commune. It is in Nouvelle-Aquitaine in the Landes department in southwest France.

Villeneuve-de-Rivière

Villeneuve-de-Rivière is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Haute-Garonne department in southwest France.

Villeneuve-d'Olmes

Villeneuve-d'Olmes is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Ariège department in southwest France.


Villeneuve-du-Latou

Villeneuve-du-Latou is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Ariège department in southwest France.


Villeneuve-du-Paréage

Villeneuve-du-Paréage is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Ariège department in southwest France.


Villeneuve-en-Montagne

Villeneuve-en-Montagne is a commune of 169 people (2020). It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Saône-et-Loire department in east France.

Villeneuve-Frouville

Villeneuve-Frouville is a commune. It is in Centre-Val de Loire in the Loir-et-Cher department in central France.

Villeneuve-la-Comtesse

Villeneuve-la-Comtesse is a commune. It is in Nouvelle-Aquitaine in the Charente-Maritime department in southwest France.

Villeneuve-la-Lionne

Villeneuve-la-Lionne is a commune in the Marne department in northeastern France.


Villeneuve-la-Rivière

Villeneuve-la-Rivière is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Pyrénées-Orientales department in south France.

Villeneuve-le-Comte

Villeneuve-le-Comte is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Seine-et-Marne department in north-central France.

Villeneuve-Lécussan

Villeneuve-Lécussan is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Haute-Garonne department in southwest France.

Villeneuve-lès-Avignon

Villeneuve-lès-Avignon is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Gard department in south France.

Villeneuve-lès-Béziers

Villeneuve-lès-Béziers is a commune of 4,099 people (2020). It is in Occitanie in the Hérault department in south France.

Castelnau-le-Lez

Castelnau-le-Lez is a commune of 23,469 people (2020). It is in Occitanie in the Hérault department in south France.

Mauguio

Mauguio is a commune of 16,714 people (2020). It is in Occitanie in the Hérault department in south France.

Candillargues

Candillargues is a commune of 2,003 people (2020). It is in Occitanie in the Hérault department in south France.

Normative ethics

Normative ethics is a branch of ethics, that looks to establish norms of how people ought to behave, and act in certain situations. It also looks at how norms and values are formed in a society. It looks at what is good, and right in a moral sense.

Philiospohers such as Aristotle and Saint Thomas Aquinas looked at the question what virtue really is; from this a branch called virtue ethics develped. 

People like Immanuel Kant, with his categorical imperative, John Rawls with his contractualism, or John Locke with his theory of natural rights are seen as advocating deontological ethics today.

Utilitarianism says that an action is right, if it makes more people happy. 

These are common branches of normative ethics.

Mikron Theatre Company

The Mikron Theatre Company is an English touring theatre company, founded in 1972, based in Marsden. It is famous for touring on a canal boat.

In 2023 they tour with two plays: "A Force to Be Reckoned With" about female police officers in the 1950s and Poppy Hollman's new play "Twitchers", about the history of the Royal Society for the Protection of Birds.

Their narrowboat "Tyseley" was built in 1936 for the Grand Union Canal Carrying Company. She was built at Northwich by W.J.Yarwood & Sons Ltd. She is 71 ft 10 in (21.89 metres) long and 6 ft 11 in (2.11 metres) wide. She is registered with National Historic Ships.

Marsden

Marsden is a large village in the Metropolitan Borough of Kirklees. In 2020 about 3,768 lived there. It is close to the Huddersfield Narrow Canal.

It was an important centre for the production of woollen cloth, but the last woollen mill closed in 2003.

Ocotea

Ocotea is a genus of flowering plants, in the laurel family. Many are evergreen trees. There are over 520 species. Most occur in subtropical regions of the Americas. Some occur in Africa, and the islands close to it. One species is native to Macaronesia, it occurs on the Canary Islands, and Madeira. The genus is likely paraphyletic.

Edwin Chadwick

Sir Edwin Chadwick (24 January 1800 – 6 July 1890) was an English social reformer who led the reform of the Poor Laws in England. He was also a leader in public health. He was a follower of the Utilitarian philosopher Jeremy Bentham and a friend of John Stuart Mill.

He was born on 24 January 1800 in Longsight, Manchester and moved to London when he was 10. He was a member of the Royal Commission into the Operation of the Poor Laws 1832. 

After a serious outbreak of typhus in 1838, he convinced the Poor Law Board that an enquiry was required. The work was done by his friends who were doctors and he published it as "Report on The Sanitary Condition of the Labouring Population of Great Britain" in 1842. A lot of people bought it. It said that better water supplies and a drainage system to remove waste, would stop so many people dying. Evidence given by Dr Dyce Guthrie convinced Chadwick that every house should have a permanent water supply, rather than the intermittent supplies from standpipes that many poor people had to use. The report led to the Public Health Act 1848, which was the first time the British government took responsibility for the health of its citizens.

Public Health Act 1848

The Public Health Act 1848 was an Act of the Parliament of the United Kingdom. It was the first time the government had tried to improve the health of the people. Edwin Chadwick had pushed for it after his reports on the condition of the working classes. It did not cover the City of London and some other parts of London.

It put the supply of water; sewerage; drainage; cleansing; paving, and environmental health regulation in England and Wales under a single local body. The General Board of Health was in charge, and local boards of health could be set up, either by local people or by the General Board. The General Board did not have money. The local boards could get money from rates. Sunderland was one of the first places to set up a local board.


Free energy principle

The Free Energy Principle is a scientific concept that explains how living things interact with their environment. It says our brains try to avoid surprises and stay in control. Our brains make predictions about what will happen based on past experiences. When reality matches our predictions, everything is fine, but when something unexpected occurs, our brains need to update their predictions and take action to reduce the surprise. To do this, our brains gather information from our senses and compare it to their predictions. If there's a difference, the brain sends signals to our body to make adjustments. This helps us stay to adapt to new situations, learn from experiences, and optimize their interactions with the world.

Robert Stephenson

Robert Stephenson (16 October 1803 – 12 October 1859) was an English civil engineer and designer of locomotives. The only son of George Stephenson, the "Father of Railways", he built on the achievements of his father. Robert has been called the greatest engineer of the 19th century.

One of his first jobs was to to survey the route of the Liverpool and Manchester Railway. 

By 1850 he had been involved in building a third of the country's railway system. He designed the High Level Bridge and Royal Border Bridge on the East Coast Main Line. With Eaton Hodgkinson and William Fairbairn he developed wrought-iron tubular bridges, such as the Britannia Bridge in Wales, a design he would later use for the Victoria Bridge in Montreal, for many years the longest bridge in the world. He eventually worked on 160 commissions from 60 companies, building railways in other countries such as Belgium, Norway, Egypt and France. 

Liverpool and Manchester Railway

The Liverpool and Manchester Railway was the first inter-city railway in the world. It opened on 15 September 1830 between the Lancashire cities of Liverpool and Manchester. It was also the first railway to only have locomotives driven by steam power, with no horse-drawn traffic permitted at any time; the first to be entirely double track; the first to have a true signalling system; the first to be fully timetabled; and the first to carry mail.

It was designed and built by George Stephenson. It made money, and influenced the development of railways across Britain in the 1830s.

Kōbō Abe

He was born in Kita, Tokyo, Japan and grew up in Mukden (Shenyang), Manchuria. He studied at Seijo High School before returning to Manchuria. Abe later studied medicine at the Tokyo Imperial University (University of Tokyo). There, he began writing novellas and short stories.

His first poem that was published was in the poem magazine "Mumei-shishū" (""Poems of an Unknown"") in 1947. His first published novel was "Owarishi michi no shirube ni" (""The Road Sign at the End of the Street"") in 1948. He won the Akutagawa Prize in 1951 for the short story collection "The Crime of S. Karuma."

Abe's first internationally known work was "The Woman in the Dunes." This was a novel he published in 1962. The novel won the Yomiuri Prize that same year. A movie based on the novel by Hiroshi Teshigahara was made in 1964.

His next award-winning work was "Friends." This was a play published in 1967. It won the Tanizaki Prize the same year.

Abe died on January 22, 1993 due to heart failure in Tokyo after a short illness.

Heat (Jimmy Barnes album)

Heat is the sixth studio album by Australian singer Jimmy Barnes and released on 26 March, 1993 through Mushroom Records. It went to number 2 in Australia, number 3 in New Zealand and number 50 in Sweden.


In 2010, Heat was re-released with an additional four tracks originally left off the album, becoming a double album. It was resequenced by Jimmy Barnes, and featured another Don Walker composition, "Sitting in A Bar", which Walker recorded with his own band, Tex, Don and Charlie. The cover was modified, removing Barnes' name and changing the colour tone to an earthy red.

Disc 1

Disc 2

Electoral district of Buderim

Buderim is an electoral district of Queensland. It was created in 2009.

Buderim is on the Sunshine Coast.

Electoral district of Caloundra

Caloundra is an electoral district of Queensland. It was created in 1992.

Caloundra is on the Sunshine Coast.

Electoral district of Glass House

Glass House is an electoral district of Queensland. It was created in 1986, abolished in 1992 and recreated in 2001.

Glass House is on the Sunshine Coast.

Electoral district of Kawana

Kawana is an electoral district of Queensland. It was created in 2001.

Kawana is on the Sunshine Coast.

TV5 (Philippine TV network)

TV5 (also known as 5 and formerly known as ABC) is a Philippine free-to-air television and radio network. It is headquartered in Mandaluyong, with alternate studios located in Novaliches, Quezon City. TV5 serves as the flagship property of TV5 Network, Inc., which is owned by MediaQuest Holdings, the multimedia arm of PLDT, a telecommunications company. The network is commonly referred to as "The Kapatid Network", using the Filipino term for "sibling", a branding introduced in 2010.

TV5 derives its name from its flagship station in Metro Manila, DWET-TV, which broadcasts on VHF Channel 5 for analog transmission, UHF Channel 18 for digital transmission, and UHF Channel 51 for digital test transmission (licensed to TV5's sister company, Mediascape/Cignal TV). In addition to DWET-TV, TV5 operates forty-eight other owned-and-operated and affiliate television stations. Its programming is available on cable and satellite TV providers nationwide. TV5's content is also accessible outside the Philippines through Kapatid Channel and AksyonTV International.


I Just Called to Say I Love You

"'I Just Called to Say I Love You" is a 1984 song by Stevie Wonder and was taken from the soundtrack to the 1984 movie "The Woman in Red". It topped the single charts in 19 countries including the United States and the United Kingdom. It won an Academy Award and was nominated for 3 Grammy Awards in 1985.

Electoral district of Maroochydore

Maroochydore is an electoral district of Queensland. It was created in 1992.

Maroochydore is on the Sunshine Coast.

Electoral district of Nicklin

Nicklin is an electoral district of Queensland. It was created in 1986.

Nicklin is on the Sunshine Coast.

Electoral district of Ninderry

Ninderry is an electoral district of Queensland. It was created in 2017.

Ninderry is on the Sunshine Coast.

Electoral district of Bonney

Bonney is an electoral district of Queensland. It was created in 2017.

Bonney is on the Gold Coast.

List of Israel Twenty20 International cricketers

This is a list of Israeli Twenty20 International cricketers who have played Twenty20 International cricket for Israel. They played their first match against Portugal on 28 June 2022.

Electoral district of Broadwater

Broadwater is an electoral district of Queensland. It was created in 1992.

Broadwater is on the Gold Coast.

Electoral district of Burleigh

Burleigh is an electoral district of Queensland. It was created in 1992.

Burleigh is on the Gold Coast.

Electoral district of Coomera

Coomera is an electoral district of Queensland. It was created in 2009.

Coomera is on the Gold Coast.

Electoral district of Currumbin

Currumbin is an electoral district of Queensland. It was created in 1986.

Currumbin is on the Gold Coast.

Note that the swings above are calculated from the 2020 Currumbin state by-election.

Electoral district of Gaven

Gaven is an electoral district of Queensland. It was created in 2001.

Gaven is on the Gold Coast.

Electoral district of Mudgeeraba

Mudgeeraba is an electoral district of Queensland. It was created in 2001.

Mudgeeraba is on the Gold Coast.

Electoral district of Mermaid Beach

Mermaid Beach is an electoral district of Queensland. It was created in 2009.

Mermaid Beach is on the Gold Coast.

Electoral district of Southport

Southport is an electoral district of Queensland. It was created in 1950, abolished in 1960 and recreated in 1977.

Southport is on the Gold Coast.

Electoral district of Surfers Paradise

Surfers Paradise is an electoral district of Queensland. It was created in 1972.

Surfers Paradise is on the Gold Coast.

Electoral district of Theodore

Theodore is an electoral district of Queensland. It was created in 2017.

Theodore is on the Gold Coast.

Dawid Malan

Dawid Johannes Malan is a cricketer from England. He plays for England cricket team. He was born on September 3, 1987.

Liam Livingstone

Liam Stephen Livingstone is a cricketer from England. He plays for Lancashire County Cricket Club and England cricket team. He was born on August 4, 1993.

Chris Jordan

Christopher James Jordan is a cricketer from Barbados. He plays for England cricket team. He was born on October 4, 1988.

Sam Curran

Samuel Matthew Curran is a cricketer from England. He plays for England cricket team. He was born on June 3, 1998 in Northampton.

Font del gat (water trough)

The Font del Gat or Font de Sant Agustí Vell is a Gothic fountain (reconstructed) located in the Barri de Ribera of Barcelona . It is on the ground floor of the house whose main facade faces Plaça de Sant Agustí Vell and is on the corner of Carders and Tantarantana streets (below which the Rec Comtal used to feed the fountain). 

It is a very significant fountain of the city, since the main use was as a water trough for the horses of the carriages that entered to Barcelona through the Portal Nou.

The first preserved vestiges of fountains located in roads or public buildings come from the Middle Ages, when the city was part of the Crown of Aragon . It was an important maritime and commercial axis of the Mediterranean Sea . The city area grew from the primitive urban core - what is today the Barri Gòtic - and in the 14th century the Raval neighborhood emerged. Barcelona then had around 25,000 inhabitants. 

In this period, several fountains were created throughout the city, to ensure a regular supply to the population. Just as the industrial use of water was ensured with the Rec Comtal and the channeling of water from Montjuïc to the Pla de la Boqueria, domestic consumption was mainly carried out through wells, which depended on rainfall and they caused supply shortages in times of drought. Thus, at this time several fountains were opened, most of them eminently utilitarian in nature, and therefore there was not much room for artistic creation.

Until the beginning of the last century, the water came out of a cat's head, which is why it was called Font del Gat, to distinguish it from the one on the other side of the square (more modern Canaletes style ). Unfortunately this original fountain disappeared when the council demolished the house in 1996 to build social housings. In the place where the fountain was, they left an Office of La Caixa d'Estalvis. After a while, when the residents claimed it, the city council made a replica (with three fountains as seen in the photo), since they could not find the stones of the original fountain.


Sausage Rolls for Everyone

"Sausage Rolls for Everyone" is a 2021 Christmas song by LadBaby featuring Elton John and Ed Sheeran. It was released as a single on 17 December, 2021. It is a remix and comedy version of "Merry Christmas" by Ed Sheeran and Elton John. It went to number 1 in the United Kingdom and number 41 in Ireland.

Resistentialism

Resistentialism is a joke theory about objects intentionally being mean to humans. Objects like lost keys, broken printers, or bouncing balls are said to dislike us. It is said to be a battle between humans and objects causing small troubles. The idea was named "Resistentialism" in 1948 by writer Paul Jennings. It is a playful imitation of existentialism, with a slogan saying "Things are against us."

The hostile nature of the universe has always been a topic of discussion throughout history. It has been observed in laws like Murphy's law, Finagle's law, and Sod's law.

Jonny Bairstow

Jonathan Marc Bairstow is a cricketer from England. He who plays for England cricket team. He was born on September 26, 1989.

Aiden Markram

Aiden Kyle Markram is a cricketer from South Africa. He is the captain of the South Africa national cricket team. He was born on October 4, 1994.

David Willey

David Jonathan Willey is a cricketer from England. He played for the England team. He was born on February 28, 1990.

Oil shale

Oil shale is a sedimentary rock which can be squeezed to get oil out if it. The part which has oil in it is called kerogen. There's a great deal of it, and the oil is said to be "oil in place". It is planned as a source of oil after regular oil wells dry up.

So far only Estonia and China have got big oil shale industries, but other countries plan to develop it. The forests of ferns and trees which originally made the oil were very widespread on Earth, so in theory many other countries have oil-bearing land.

Alternatively, there are people who believe that hydrocarbons are not biogenic. They think hydrocarbons were formed in space and delivered to planets like Earth ready-formed. Although this might seem far-fetched, it has been suggested by some notable scientists, such as Thomas Gold.

Saturday in the Park (song)

"Saturday in the Park" is a 1972 song by Chicago. It was taken from their fourth studio album "Chicago V" and went to number 3 in the United States, number 2 in Canada and number 43 in Australia. It did not chart in the United Kingdom and New Zealand.

Hornbeam

Hornbeams are hardwood trees. They are in the plant genus Carpinus in the family Betulaceae. They occur in the temperate zone of the Northern Hemisphere.

The American hornbeam is sometimes known as blue-beech, ironwood, or musclewood.

The botanical name for the genus, "Carpinus", is the original Latin name for the European species. The fossil record of the genus goes back to the early Eocene of northwestern North America. The species "Carpinus perryae" is known from fossil fruits found in the Klondike Mountain Formation of Republic, Washington.

She Talks to Angels

"She Talks to Angels" is a 1991 song by American rock band The Black Crowes. It is the eighth track from their debut studio album "Shake Your Money Maker". It went to number 30 in the United States, number 70 in the United Kingdom, number 44 in Australia and number 21 in New Zealand.

US 7-inch and cassette single

European maxi-CD single

European 7-inch single

Australian CD and cassette single

Dreadlock Holiday

"Dreadlock Holiday" is a 1978 reggae song by British band 10cc. It is the leading single from their sixth studio album "Bloody Tourists". It went to number 1 in the United Kingdom, the Netherlands, New Zealand and Belgium, number 45 in Canada, number 44 in the United States, number 2 in both Ireland and Australia and number 7 in Norway.

Electoral district of Chatsworth

Chatsworth is an electoral district of Queensland. It was created in 1960.

Chatsworth is in Brisbane.

Electoral district of Clayfield

Clayfield is an electoral district of Queensland. It was created in 1950, abolished in 1977 and recreated in 1992.

Clayfield is in Brisbane.

Electoral district of Everton

Everton is an electoral district of Queensland. It was created in 1972.

Everton is in Brisbane.

Electoral district of Moggill

Moggill is an electoral district of Queensland. It was created in 1986.

Moggill is in Brisbane.

Electoral district of Oodgeroo

Oodgeroo is an electoral district of Queensland. It was created in 2017.

Oodgeroo is in Brisbane.

Legislative Assembly of Queensland

The Legislative Assembly of Queensland is the only chamber of the Parliament of Queensland established under the Constitution of Queensland. It is elected every four years using full preferential voting. It has 93 members who represent one electoral district each. Its members use the suffix MP.

Parliament of Queensland

The Parliament of Queensland is the legislature of Queensland. It only has one chamber, the Legislative Assembly of Queensland, so it is a unicameral state parliament.

The Legislative Assembly sits at Parliament House in Brisbane.

Parliament of Western Australia

The Parliament of Western Australia is the legislature of Western Australia. It is is bicameral, meaning it has two chambers: a lower house (the Legislative Assembly) and an upper house (the Legislative Council).

Parliament sits at Parliament House in Perth.

Parliament of Tasmania

The Parliament of Tasmania is the legislature of Tasmania. It is bicameral, meaning it has two chambers: a lower house (the House of Assembly) and an upper house (the Legislative Council).

Parliament sits at Parliament House in Hobart.

Rec Comtal

The Rec Comtal de Barcelona was a hydraulic structure of the first magnitude that will last until the segle xix as one of the main water suppliers in the city, which was used for irrigation and also in its use of force to operate the various mills built along its route. It is a work protected as a Cultural Property of Local Interest 

It took water from the to the walls of the city. Construction was begun by in the 10th century, but it may date back to times. It supplied water until the mid-20th century. In March 2016, extensive remains of structures associated with the system were discovered during excavations at . 



Western Australian Legislative Assembly

The Western Australian Legislative Assembly is the lower house of the Parliament of Western Australia.

Biafra

Biafra, officially called the Republic of Biafra, was a break-away state in West Africa. It was created on 30 May 1967 by the Eastern Region governor C. Odumegwu Ojukwu. It claimed the land of the Eastern Region of Nigeria. The country was mainly populated by the Igbo people.

Biafra was officially recognised by Gabon, Haiti, Ivory Coast, Tanzania and Zambia.Biafra was also "de facto" recognised by France, Spain, Portugal, Norway, Israel, Rhodesia, South Africa and the Vatican City.

Biafra also had aid from non-state actors, including Joint Church Aid, foreign mercenaries and the Holy Ghost Fathers of Ireland.

The United States government under president Lyndon B. Johnson was officially neutral during the war. There was strong public support for Biafra in the US. American activists founded the American Committee to Keep Biafra Alive to spread propaganda. United States president Richard Nixon was supportive of the Biafran cause. Before he won the 1968 presidential election he accused Nigeria of committing genocide against the Biafrans. He also called for the United States to intervene in the war on the side of Biafra. His efforts failed because of the demands of the ongoing Vietnam War. After two-and-a-half years of war with Nigeria, during which almost two million Biafran civilians (three-quarters of them being smaller children) died from starvation caused by the Nigerian blockade of the region.
An early body created by the Biafran government was the Bank of Biafra, made under "Decree No. 3 of 1967". The bank carried out all central banking functions including the management of foreign exchange and the management of Biafra's public debt. The bank was managed by a governor and four directors. The first governor was Sylvester Ugoh. A second degree, "Decree No. 4 of 1967", changed the Banking Act of the Federal Republic of Nigeria for the Republic of Biafra.

The bank was originally in Enugu but because of the Nigerian Civil War it had to be moved multiple times. Biafra tried to finance the war through foreign exchange. This effort increased when Nigeria said that its currency wouldn't be legal tender (to make way for a new currency).

Vehicle registration plates of New York

New York license plates are required vehicle registration plates in New York State. The plates vary in desig and are issued motor vehicles in Austria. They are used to show that cars are legal to be used on the streets. The plates are also proof of a liability insurance and are used to identify the vehicle.

Western Australian Legislative Council

The Western Australian Legislative Council is the upper house of the Parliament of Western Australia.

South Australian House of Assembly

The South Australian House of Assembly is the lower house of the Parliament of South Australia.

Risky Rides

Risky Rides was an investigative documentary by NBC from Austin, Texas that looked into how the Texas Department of Motor Vehicles fixed loopholes regard temporary license plates. In 2018, Texas State Troopers began to see an increase in paper license plates on vehicles on their roads. When the COVID plague hit, Texas Department of Motor Vehicles offices were closed. Many people who have purchased an automobile needed a temporary registration to operate their vehicles on the road. As time went on, criminals opened dealerships for the sole purpose of printing and issuing tags.

South Australian Legislative Council

The South Australian Legislative Council is the upper house of the Parliament of South Australia.

Tasmanian House of Assembly

The Tasmanian House of Assembly is the lower house of the Parliament of Tasmania.

Tasmanian Legislative Council

The Tasmanian Legislative Council is the upper house of the Parliament of Tasmania.

Brendan Nelson

Brendan John Nelson is an Australian former politician. He served as the 30th Leader of the Opposition and the 11th Leader of the Liberal Party from 2007 until 2008.

Mark Latham

Mark William Latham is an Australian politician. He is currently serving as an independent member of the New South Wales Legislative Council. He was previously the federal Leader of the Opposition and the federal Leader of the Labor Party from 2003 until 2005. After leaving the Labor Party, he then joined the Liberal Democrats before joining Pauline Hanson's One Nation as the party's leader in New South Wales. He was elected to the Legislative Council as a member of One Nation in 2019 and again in 2023, before he left One Nation in the same year.

Simon Crean

Simon Findlay Crean was an Australian politician and trade unionist. He was the Leader of the Opposition and the Leader of the Labor Party from 2001 until 2003.

Matías González

Matías González (6 August 1925 – 12 May 1984) was a Uruguayan footballer, who played for C.A. Cerro. He was known as a complete defender who stood out for his leadership, man-marking, toughness tackling and pace. Commonly considered as one of the finest Uruguayan defenders of all time. He won the 1950 FIFA World Cup with Uruguay, he was in the starting lineup for the Uruguayan national team at Maracanaço, where he had a defensive performance described as "impeccable", sticking to top scorer Ademir and also annulling Friaça in the first half.

González only defended Cerro, a small club from Montevideo that never won the Uruguayan championship. The team rose in 1946 back to the tournament's first division, from which it had been absent since relegation in 1929. From there until González officially stopped playing for the club, aged 35, the most common placement was fifth place, as in 1949, 1950 and 1951, achieving third place as the best position precisely in 1955 and 1956. He won the Torneo Cuadrangular in 1953 and 1956. He was known as a fan favourite of the club and is recognized one of the most successful players.

Because of good performances at Cerro, González debuted for the Uruguayan national team on April 13, 1949. The date corresponded to Celeste's debut in the 1949 Copa América. He was the only Cerro player called up to the competition; the club was last in the Uruguayan league the previous year when it ended, after the first round of the second round.

The Uruguayan championship of 1948 was interrupted by a strike that would only end in April 1949, when Copa America took place. Thus, it was decided that the home title would go to the then leader Nacional, and that there would be no relegation. 

The strike meant that secondary players were called to the Copa América, with youth, athletes from the interior or anyone who had not joined the protest - this was the case of González. In the campaign that yielded only a sixth place out of eight participants, González was in the starting line-up, as well as the only man called up for the 1950 FIFA World Cup.

He, Rubén Morán and Héctor Vilches became Cerro's first players called up to a FIFA World Cup. Of them, González was the first to debut, participating in all of the team's games in the tournament. Morán was only in the Maracanaço, enough to make Cerro the third most represented team in the decision against Brazil, behind only Nacional (with three) and Peñarol (six).

Uruguay came into the World Cup in a turbulent environment; Obdulio Varela even reported that the players were close to not going to Brazil, in protest against reprisals by leaders against the recent strike. In addition, coach Juan López had been chosen just a month before the tournament, after Celeste Olímpica got bad results against the Brazilians themselves, which, in addition to the defeats for the Copa Rio Branco, also included a defeat for Brazil in Pelotas and, in Montevideo, two draws against Fluminense; Uruguayan players found themselves out of shape after two months of inactivity. Before López chose the Uruguayan Football Association, Peñarol even vetoed the call up of its players: the AUF despised the coach of the aurinegra team, the Hungarian Emérico Hirschl, desired by the fans and the media. With little time to put the team together, López called exactly the players who played in the Copa Rio Branco weeks before the world cup.

The Río Branco Cup unfolded in three matches, with Matías González playing all of them, repeating in the first two the defense duo with Vilches, later replaced by Eusebio Tejera, who would be González 's partner in the world cup. González's presence in the team was favored by the intervention of Obdulio Varela, as González had been boycotted by colleagues for not having joined the 1948 strike. González was a hero in a complicated game against Spain, already in the final quadrangular. The South Americans started winning, but suffered the comeback and needed a risky long-distance shot by Obdulio Varela to equalize in the last twenty minutes. The defender saved at the top of the line what could have been the Spanish victory in the last bid and he was named hero of the match. At Maracanazo, González was the most defensive Uruguayan player, not coming out much beyond the half moon. He was in charge of personally marking top scorer Ademir, sticking to him with support from Rodríguez Andrade on the left, Gambetta on the right and Tejera in the center. González also annulled Friaça in the first half, in which the Uruguayan tactics worked to prevent the tables between Ademir, Zizinho and Jair, key moves for the routs imposed by the Brazilians in the matches prior to the decision. González was the absolute starting Uruguayan defender also in the Copa América in 1953, with William Martínez being his most frequent partner. Uruguay finished third; González ended up not being called up for the 1954 FIFA World Cup, he was called up for the 1955 Copa América, but played in just one game, precisely in the 6-1 defeat suffered by champion Argentina. The Uruguayans were fourth. González last played for the national team on October 10, 1956, date of the 2-1 defeat by Argentina in Paysandú. He had been left out of that year's Copa América, held in January in Uruguay and won by the country.

González went on to work as a civil servant for the National Congress, earning a good salary without much work. He developed problems with alcoholism and died on May 12, 1984. 






Alexander Downer

Alexander John Gosse Downer is an Australian former politician and diplomat. He served as the Leader of the Opposition and the Leader of the Liberal Party from 1994 until 1995, then later as Minister for Foreign Affairs from 1996 until 2007 under John Howard.

John Hewson

John Hewson is an Australian former politician. He was the Leader of the Opposition and Leader of the Liberal Party from 1990 until 1994.

Arthur Calwell

Arthur Augustus Calwell was an Australian politician. He was the Leader of the Opposition and the Leader of the Labor Party from 1960 until 1967.

H. V. Evatt

Herbert Vere Evatt was an Australian politician. He was the 15th Leader of the Opposition and the 9th Leader of the Labor Party from 1951 until 1960.

John Latham (judge)

Sir John Greig Latham was an Australian politician, judge and lawyer. He was the Leader of the Opposition and the final leader of the Nationalist Party from 1929 until 1931.

War in Iraq (2013–2017)

The War in Iraq was an armed conflict between Iraq and its allies and the Islamic State (also known as ISIS or ISIL). This began in 2013 and ended in December 2017.

French Hospital Federation

The French Hospital Federation (Fédération hospitalière de France) is a non-profit association started in 1924. Almost all the public sector health and social care institutions, about 2000, are members. This includes about 1000 hospitals and about 1000 retirement homes and independent specialized shelters. It promotes these organisations, represents them, and supports them. 

It has representatives at many official bodies.

Rhacophorus poecilonotus

The Sumatra flying frog ("Rhacophorus poecilonotus") is a frog. It lives in Sumatra in Indonesia.

Salute of the Sublime State of Iran

Salute of the Sublime State of Persia (Persian: ‏سلامتی دولت علیهٔ ایران‎, "Salāmati-ye Dowlat-e 'Aliyye-ye Irān") was a national anthem of Persia from 1909 to 1933. The lyrics author is unknown, the melody was composed by Gholam-Reza Minbashian. The anthem was adopted on July 9, 1909 and was replaced in 1933 with "Iranian Imperial anthem".

Catholic Church in the Netherlands

The Catholic Church in the Netherlands is the largest religious group there. In 2020, 22 to 24 percent of the people said they were Catholic. 42 percent weren't religious. 

United Plankton Pictures

"United Plankton Pictures" is an American production company founded by Stephen Hillenburg which makes SpongeBob SquarePants and other related media.

Makeful

Makeful is a Canadian pay television channel owned by Blue Ant Media.

The channel launched on March 5, 2005, as BiteTV. It generally aired short form programming in the genre of reality.

Unison (trade union)

Unison (stylised as UNISON) is the largest trade union in the United Kingdom. Most of its members work in public services, including local government, education, health and outsourced services. The union started in 1993 when three public sector trade unions, the National and Local Government Officers Association, the National Union of Public Employees and the Confederation of Health Service Employees joined together. 

It had about 1.2 million members in 2022.

National Education Union

The National Education Union (NEU) is a trade union in the United Kingdom for school teachers, further education lecturers, education support staff and teaching assistants. It was formed by the amalgamation of the National Union of Teachers and the Association of Teachers and Lecturers in 2017. With 510,000 members, it is the largest education union in the UK and Europe.

National Assistance Act 1948

The National Assistance Act 1948 is an Act of Parliament passed in the United Kingdom by the Labour government of Clement Attlee. It abolished the Poor Law system that had beens ince the reign of Elizabeth I. It set up the the National Assistance scheme for people who were not covered by National Insurance. 

There was more money for poor people. Most people had all their rent paid.

The National Assistance Board made rules about resources and requirements but they were not public. Claimants still did not have rights. The means test did not include the pay of sons and daughters. People over pension age were paid more.

Northern Ireland had a seperate National Assistance Board.

From 1966 there was Supplementary Benefit. 

Yezhov Volodymyr Anatoliyovych

Volodymyr Anatoliyovych Yezhov ("known by the nickname" "Fresh"; August 1, 1984, Lubny — December 22, 2022, Bakhmut) — Ukrainian video game developer, game designer, one of the developers of the game STALKER. Participant of the defense of Ukraine against the Russian invasion.

Graduated from NTUU «KPI» with a major in «automated control systems».

Volodymyr Yezhov worked as a game designer at GSC Game World. He participated in the creation of such games as STALKER, Clear Sky, «Cossacks», , Call of Cthulhu and . In STALKER Yezhov made for the character of Loki his own face. He had two minor sons. He was also in the STALKER 2 development team before leaving in 2022 to help defend Ukraine

Starting from February 24, 2022, he defended Kyiv as a volunteer in the UVO company, formed by veterans of the «OUN» battalion on the eve of the Russian invasion.

On December 22, 2022, Volodymyr Yezhov fell defending the Motherland Ukraine from the Russian invaders in the battles near Bakhmut. On December 27, 2022, Yezhov's farewell was held in the Volodymyr Cathedral with the participation of a military guard, which was attended by many people. Buried at the Forest Cemetery.

Sandile Hlatjwako

Sandile Hlatjwako is a football player. He was born in Swaziland on February 14, 1988. He plays for the Mbabane Swallows.

Electoral district of McConnel

McConnel is an electoral district of Queensland. It was created in 2017.

McConnel is in the Brisbane CBD.

Electoral district of Redlands

Redlands is an electoral district of Queensland. It was created in 1972.

Redlands is in Brisbane.

Electoral district of Capalaba

Capalaba is an electoral district of Queensland. It was created in 1992.

Capalaba is in Brisbane.

Electoral district of Jordan

Jordan is an electoral district of Queensland. It was created in 2017.

Jordan is in Brisbane.

Electoral district of Logan

Logan is an electoral district of Queensland. It was created in 1872, abolished in 1949, recreated in 1960, reabolished in 1972 and recreated again in 1986.

Logan is in Brisbane.

Josh Alexander

Josh Alexander is a Canadian professional wrestler who is currently signed with Impact Wrestling.

Rhacophorus calcadensis

The Langbian flying frog or Kalakkad tree frog ("Rhacophorus calcadensis") is a frog. It lives in India. People have seen between 200 and 1400 meters above sea level.

Electoral district of Macalister

Macalister is an electoral district of Queensland. It was created in 2017.

Macalister is in Brisbane.

Electoral district of Springwood

Springwood is an electoral district of Queensland. It was created in 1986. Springwood is in Brisbane.

Electoral district of Waterford

Waterford is an electoral district of Queensland. It was created in 1992.

Waterford is in Brisbane.

Action League Now!

Action League Now! is a series of stop-motion animated shorts that aired as part of both "All That" and "KaBlam!". It aired on Nickelodeon from 1998 to 10 February, 2002.

Electoral district of Woodridge

Woodridge is an electoral district of Queensland. It was created in 1977.

Woodridge is in Brisbane.

Indian Super League

The Indian Super League (ISL) is a football league for men in India. It is run by the All India Football Federation (AIFF) and Football Sports Development Limited (FSDL). There are 12 teams in the league.

The following 12 clubs will be participating in the 2023–24 Indian Super League.

Leader of the Opposition (New South Wales)

Leader of the Opposition is a title held by the leader of the second-largest party in the New South Wales Legislative Assembly. There is also a Leader of the Opposition in the Legislative Council.

The current Leader of the Opposition is Mark Speakman of the Liberal Party.

Leader of the Opposition (Victoria)

The Leader of the Opposition is a title held by the leader of the second-largest party in the Victorian Legislative Assembly. There is also a Leader of the Opposition in the Legislative Council.

The current Leader of the Opposition is John Pesutto of the Liberal Party.

Leader of the Opposition (Queensland)

The Leader of the Opposition is a title held by the leader of the second-largest party in the Queensland Legislative Assembly.

The current Leader of the Opposition is David Crisafulli of the Liberal National Party (LNP).

Leader of the Opposition (Western Australia)

The Leader of the Opposition is a title held by the leader of the second-largest party in the Western Australian Legislative Assembly. There is also a Leader of the Opposition in the Legislative Council.

The current Leader of the Opposition is Shane Love of the National Party.

Leader of the Opposition (South Australia)

The Leader of the Opposition is a title held by the leader of the second-largest party in the South Australian House of Assembly. There is also a Leader of the Opposition in the Legislative Council.

The current Leader of the Opposition is David Speirs of the Liberal Party.

Anrich Nortje

Anrich Arno Nortje is a cricketer from South Africa. Anrich plays for the South Africa national cricket team. He was born on November 16, 1993.

Leader of the Opposition (Tasmania)

The Leader of the Opposition is a title given to the leader of the second-largest party in the Tasmanian House of Assembly.

The current Leader of the Opposition is Rebecca White of the Labor Party.

David Miller

David Andrew Miller is a professional cricketer from South Africa. Miller plays for South African national team. He was born on June 10, 1989.

Leader of the Opposition (Australian Capital Territory)

The Leader of the Opposition is the title given to the leader of the second-largest party in the Australian Capital Territory Legislative Assembly.

The current Leader of the Opposition is Elizabeth Lee of the Liberal Party.

Mahedi Hasan

Mahedi Hasan (born 12 December 1994) is a cricketer from Bangladesh. He plays for Khulna Division and the Bangladesh national cricket team. He was born on December 12, 1994.

Leader of the Opposition (Northern Territory)

The Leader of the Opposition is a title held by the leader of the second-largest party in the Northern Territory Legislative Assembly.

The current Leader of the Opposition is Lia Finocchiaro of the Country Liberal Party (CLP).

Hasan Mahmud

Hasan Mahmud is a cricketer from Bangladesh. Hasan plays for the Bangladesh national cricket team. He was born on October 12, 1999.

Barnestorming

Barnestorming or Barnestorming Live is the first live album by Australian singer Jimmy Barnes. It was released in November 1988 through Mushroom Records. It topped the album charts in both Australia and New Zealand.


Mark Speakman

Mark Raymond Speakman is an Australian politician. He has served as the Leader of the Opposition in the New South Wales Legislative Assembly and as the leader of the New South Wales Liberal Party since 2023. He has been the member for Cronulla since 2011.

John Pesutto

John Pesutto is an Australian politician. He has served as the Leader of the Opposition in the Victorian Legislative Assembly and as the leader of the Victorian Liberal Party since 2022. He served as the member for Hawthorn from 2014 until 2018, before being re-elected in 2022.

David Crisafulli

David Frank Crisafulli is an Australian politician. He has served as the Leader of the Opposition in the Queensland Legislative Assembly and as the leader of the Liberal National Party (LNP) since 2020. He was the member for Mundingburra from 2012 until 2015, before being elected to the seat of Broadwater in 2017.

The Riverboat Song

"The Riverboat Song" is a 1996 song by British band Ocean Colour Scene. It was taken from their second studio album "Moseley Souls". It went to number 15 in the United Kingdom, number 13 in Scotland and number 37 in New Zealand where it was a moderate hit single there.

UK CD single

UK 7-inch and cassette single

Shane Love

Ronald Shane Love (born 30 August 1961) is an Australian politician. He has served as the Leader of the Opposition in the Western Australian Legislative Assembly and as the leader of the Western Australian National Party since 2023. He has been the member for Moore since 2013.

David Speirs

David James Speirs is a Scottish-born Australian politician. He has served as the Leader of the Opposition in the South Australian House of Assembly and the leader of the South Australian Liberal Party since 2022. He was the member for Bright from 2014 until 2018, when he was elected to the seat of Black.

Rebecca White

Rebecca White is an Australian politician. She has served as the Leader of the Opposition in the Tasmanian House of Assembly and the leader of the Tasmanian Labor Party since 2021, although she previously held these positions from 2017 until 2021, before being replaced by David O'Byrne and then returned shortly after.

Elizabeth Lee (politician)

Elizabeth Lee is a South Korean-born Australian politician. She has served as the Leader of the Opposition in the Australian Capital Territory Legislative Assembly and the leader of the Canberra Liberals since 2020.

Lia Finocchiaro

Lia Finocchiaro is an Australian politician. She has served as the Leader of the Opposition in the Northern Territory Legislative Assembly and as the leader of the Country Liberal Party (CLP) since 2020. She was the member for Drysdale from 2012 until 2016, when she was elected to the seat of Spillett.

Electoral district of Bancroft

Bancroft is an electoral district of Queensland. It was created in 2017.

Bancroft is in Brisbane.

Electoral district of Ferny Grove

Ferny Grove is an electoral district of Queensland. It was created in 1992.

Ferny Grove is in Brisbane.

Electoral district of Kurwongbah

Kurwongbah is an electoral district of Queensland. It was created in 1992, abolished in 2009 and recreated in 2017.

Kurwongbah is in Brisbane.

Electoral district of Morayfield

Morayfield is an electoral district of Queensland. It was created in 2009.

Morayfield is in Brisbane.

Mosaddek Hossain

Mosaddek Hossain Saikat is a cricketer from Bangladesh. He plays for the Bangladesh national cricket team. He was born on December 10, 1995.

Nurul Hasan

Quazi Nurul Hasan Sohan is a cricketer from Bangladesh. He plays for the Bangladesh national cricket team. He was born on November 21, 1993.

Afif Hossain

Afif Hossain Dhrubo is a cricketer from Bangladesh. Afif plays for the Bangladesh national cricket team. He was born on September 22, 1999.

DWFM

DWFM (92.3 FM), broadcasting as 92.3 Radyo5 True FM, is a radio station owned by Nation Broadcasting Corporation and operated by TV5 Network. It serves as the flagship station of the Radyo5 network, which is one of the assets of News5. The station's studio is located at TV5 Media Center, Reliance cor. Sheridan Sts., Brgy. Buayang Bato, Mandaluyong, while its transmitter is located at NBC compound, Block 3, Emerald Hills, Sumulong Highway, Antipolo. This station operates daily from 4:00 AM to 12:00 MN.

Litton Das

Litton Kumer Das is a cricketer from Bangladesh. He plays for the Bangladesh national cricket team. He was born on October 13, 1994.

Munim Shahriar

Munim Shahriar is a cricketer from Bangladesh. He plays for the Bangladesh national cricket team. He was born on May 22, 1998.

Electoral district of Pine Rivers

Pine Rivers is an electoral district of Queensland. It was created in 1972, abolished in 1992 and recreated in 2009.

Pine Rivers is in Brisbane.

Huub Stevens

Hubertus Jozef Margaretha "Huub" Stevens (; born 29 November 1953) is a former Dutch professional football manager and player.

Stevens was born in Sittard. He played for Fortuna Sittard and PSV. With PSV, he won the Eredivisie three times, the KNVB Cup once and the UEFA Cup in 1978. He also played for the Netherlands national team. He played 18 matches and scored one goal. With the team he played in the 1980 European Championship finals.

He started his career as head of youth development at PSV. In 1993 Stevens became the manager of Roda JC Kerkrade. From October 1996 to June 2002, he managed German Bundesliga club Schalke 04, With them he won the UEFA Cup in 1997 and the DFB-Pokal in 2001 and 2002. In 1999, Schalke fans picked Stevens as manager of the century.

Then Stevens was manager of Hertha BSC. He was sacked on 4 December 2003. He went to 1. FC Köln, which he managed from 14 June 2004 to 27 May 2005. In 2005 he went to Roda JC. Under Stevens 1. FC Köln became champions of the 2. Bundesliga and were promoted to the Bundesliga. In 2007 he returned to the German Bundesliga and managed Hamburger SV. 

Stevens took over the managing vacancy at PSV after his Hamburg contract expired at the end of the 2007–08 season.On 28 January 2009, he resigned as manager.He then signed a contract with Red Bull Salzburg in the Austrian Bundesliga on 22 April 2009.

On 9 February 2010, Stevens extended his contract with Red Bull Salzburg until 2012, On 8 April 2011 he was sacked. On 27 September 2011 he returned to Schalke 04 and signed a contract lasting until 2013. On 16 December 2012 Stevens was sacked by Schalke.

On 25 June 2013 Stevens became manager of PAOK Saloniki. PAOK fired him on 2 March 2014 due to poor results.

Stevens was appointed manager of VfB Stuttgart on 9 March 2014. Stevens started his new position with training on 10 March 2014. He resigned as manager of Stuttgart on 10 May 2014 following a 1–0 loss to Bayern Munich.

On 25 November 2014, Stevens returned to VfB Stuttgart. He left Stuttgart at the end of the 2014–15 season. Stuttgart finished in the 14th position in the Bundesliga.

Stevens was appointed manager of 1899 Hoffenheim on 26 October 2015. He resigned on 10 February 2016 due to health problems.

On 14 March 2019, he returned to Schalke as an interim until the end of the season.On 18 December 2020, he returned to Schalke once again as an interim. This time he coached the club for only two matches.

PSV

Roda JC

Schalke 04

Hertha BSC

1. FC Köln

Hamburger SV

PSV

Red Bull Salzburg

The Harder They Come (song)

"The Harder They Come" is a 1972 song by Jamaican singer Jimmy Cliff and was used in the 1972 movie of the same name. It has been covered by numerous artists since its release.

Bandwidth (company)

Bandwidth is a Communications Platform as a Service (CPaaS) company, founded in 1999 by David Morken and Henry Kaestner in 2001. The company specializes in selling software application programming interfaces (APIs) for voice and messaging, leveraging their proprietary IP voice network. It went public in 2017 on the NASDAQ, raising $80 million in capital. As of 2020, Bandwidth plans to relocate its headquarters in Raleigh, North Carolina, announcing plans to hire around 1,000 new employees.

Avaya

Avaya LLC, often shortened to Avaya (/əˈvaɪ.ə/), is an American multinational technology company headquartered in Morristown, New Jersey, that provides cloud communications and workstream collaboration services. The company's platform includes unified communications (UCaaS), contact center other services. The company provides services to 220,000 customer locations in 190 countries.

Our House (Madness song)

"Our House" is a 1982 song by British band Madness. It is the leading single from their fourth studio album "The Rise & Fall". It went to number 1 in Sweden and Canada, number 5 in the United Kingdom, number 7 in the United States, number 49 in New Zealand, number 3 in Ireland, number 4 in Norway and Switzerland and number 17 in Australia.






Vishvakarma

Vhisvakarma or Vhisvakarman in the deity hindu early text vhisvakarma was original According to some part the legend when samjna any
powerful deity. However, in many later traditions, Vishvakarma became the name of the craftsman god. Vhisvakarma crafted all of the chartiots the devas and weapons Vishvakarma was real the real God Vishvakarma The therm Vishvakarma Hinduism

Alexey Dobrusin

Alexey Vitalievich Dobrusin (, born June 4, 1986, Samara, Samara Oblast, RSFSR, USSR) is a Russian entrepreneur, legislator and marketer.

Alexey was born on June 4, 1986, in Samara. After school, Alexey entered the Nayanova Samara Municipal University. Then he worked in the media, also in the role of CEO. 

Worked in the group of companies - "Sinco" and several regional business projects. Member of the Marketers Guild, "Business Russia" and the Club of Directors of the Samara Region.

In 2013 he launched the Gedocorp digital agency. Launched with 15 specialists who systematically deal with web analytics. 

The project managed to cooperate with large companies: Pervobank, Olvi gas station network, Mamagazin. Since 2018 he has become the leading expert and tracker of the Astana Hub program.

In 2021, he wrote the author's book "How a marketer is deceiving you", it was printed and published by the Phoenix publishing house.​

In 2016, Alexey became a candidate for the deputy of the Samara region from the non-parliamentary party "Civil Platform".​


 

Enemies (Post Malone song)

"Enemies" is a 2019 song by Post Malone featuring DaBaby. It was taken from his third studio album "Hollywood's Bleeding". It went to number 16 in the United States and Hungary, number 15 in Canada, number 37 in New Zealand, number 17 in Norway, number 28 in Lithuania and Australia and number 25 in Denmark.

Experience (Diana Ross song)

"Experience" is a 1986 song by Diana Ross and is the third single from her 16th studio album "Eaten Alive". It was released in Australia, the United Kingdom, the Netherlands and New Zealand due to popularity of "Chain Reaction". It was not released as a single in Canada and the United States due to declining sales.




Lover Lover

"Lover Lover" is a 1996 song by Australian singer Jimmy Barnes and is the leading single from his greatest hits album "Barnes Hits Anthology". It went to number 6 in Australia and number 13 in New Zealand. It was written by Barnes' wife Jane.

 CD Single

Joanna Modes

Joanna Modes is a Polish actress, businesswoman, and charity activist. She was born on May 21, 1985, in Szczecin, Poland. She gained attention as the girlfriend of Formula One driver Robert Kubica. She is the Founder of the Modes Art Gallery Foundation.
Joanna Modes is the first daughter of Robert Bagration-Mukhraneli and Wioleta von Tiele-Winckler. She has a younger sister named Viktoria Magdalena. Her family has Georgian, Italian, Polish, and German ancestry, and they follow different faiths.

Modes graduated from Marymount High School in Los Angeles, California, in 2004. She then pursued her education at the Poznan Academy of Performing Arts (PAPA). She completed a TV Presenting course at the Polish National TV Academy (TVP). She later took a management course at the London Business School.

Modes started her career by modeling at charity events and making appearances in movies, theaters, and commercials. In 2006, she interned for a political party in Georgia. Her involvement in politics caused issues with her family. This led to her being legally disinherited in September 2008. She changed her name to Joanna Modes. 

She volunteered to support charities during the Covid-19 pandemic in 2019. In 2022, she founded the Modes Art Gallery Foundation, providing grants to lifesaving charities.

In 2009, Joanna Modes sued her family for emotional abuse and reached an out-of-court settlement. She changed her name to Joanna Modes. In 2004, she gained attention for her relationship with footballer . She later met F1 driver Robert Kubica, became friends, started dating in 2012, and reunited in 2017.

Ganga (goddess)

Ganga In Hinduism, Ganga in seen as a mother Ganga is mentioned, but is not clear if in the reference is to verse could refer of Ganga. is the personification of the river Ganges she is mentioned as the holiest of the rivers. Her stories mainly appears.

Shock to the System (Billy Idol song)

"Shock to the System" is a 1993 song by Billy Idol. It was taken from his fifth studio album "Cyberpunk". It went to number 30 in the United Kingdom, number 18 in Italy, number 28 in Australia, number 5 in New Zealand, number 34 in Iceland, number 44 in France and just missed making the Billboard Hot 100 chart in the United States.

Several singles for "Shock to the System" were released to various countries. Several included various remixes of "Heroin", a cover of The Velvet Underground's song of the same name, composed and written by Lou Reed. The cover of "Heroin" also included the lyric "Jesus died for somebody's sins/But not mine", written by Patti Smith for her cover of "Gloria". The Australian, Japan, Netherlands, and U.S. releases included the track "Aftershock", which was not included in the "Cyberpunk" CD.
U.K. double CD release

The Woman in the Dunes

It is August 1955. A school teacher from Tokyo called Jumpei Niki goes to a fishing village. He is there to collect insects. Jumpei misses the last bus back to Tokyo. Villagers lead him to a house in some dunes. In the house lives a widow. The house also keeps filling up with sand which the woman clears away.

The next day, Jumpei wakes up to find the ladder out of the house gone. To receive water from the villagers, he must live with the widow and dig away the sand. At one point, Jumpei escapes, but is chased down by the villagers.

The pair in the house discover a water reservoir while digging in the sand. Jumpei now has no reason to help dig away the sand, yet at this point, he continues his duty. Jumpei and the widow later become a couple, and the widow gets pregnant and delivers a baby. The ladder is left in the house, but Jumpei does not escape. Jumpei instead thinks about telling the villagers about the reservoir.

Seven years after Jumpei went missing, Jumpei's wife has her husband declared deceased.

"The Woman in the Dunes" has been interpreted in many ways. George Mullins sees the lack of named characters as a way for the story to take a universal quality. He also says that the story is a metaphor for modern Japanese employment.

In his introduction of the novel, writer David Mitchell interprets the villagers as being "burakumin." He sees the villager's actions as a logical reaction to the government abandoning them. They punish Jumpei with hard labor as the villagers believe he is part of the system that abandoned them.

The novel was well-received in Japan and abroad. Yukio Mishima and Jirō Osaragi have both praised the novel. In his review, Mullins describes the novel as thought-provoking. It won the Yomiuri Prize in 1962.

Drepana

Drepana () was an Elymian, Carthaginian, and Roman port in antiquity on the western coast of Sicily. It was the site of the Battle of Drepana where the Romans were defeated by the Carthaginians in 249 BC. It is now the modern Italian city of Trapani.

Rhacophorus monticola

The Loka flying frog ("Rhacophorus monticola") is a frog. It lives in Sulawesi in Indonesia. People have only seen it more than 1000 meters above sea level.

Electoral district of Murrumba

Murrumba is an electoral district of Queensland. It was created in 1912.

Murrumba is in Brisbane.

Electoral district of Pumicestone

Pumicestone is an electoral district of Queensland. It was created in 2001.

Pumicestone is in Brisbane.

Electoral district of Redcliffe

Redcliffe is an electoral district of Queensland. It was created in 1960.

Redcliffe is in Brisbane.

Electoral district of Aspley

Aspley is an electoral district of Queensland. It was created in 1960.

Aspley is in Brisbane.

Electoral district of Cooper

Cooper is an electoral district of Queensland. It was created in 2017.

Coopers is in Brisbane.

Electoral district of Nudgee

Nudgee is an electoral district of Queensland. It was created in 1960.

Nudgee is in Brisbane.

Electoral district of Sandgate

Sandgate is an electoral district of Queensland. It was created in 1923.

Sandgate is in Brisbane.

Electoral district of Stafford

Stafford is an electoral district of Queensland. It was created in 1972, abolished in 1992 and recreated in 2001.

Stafford is in Brisbane.

Electoral district of Algester

Algester is an electoral district of Queensland. It was created in 2001.

Algester is in Brisbane.

Electoral district of Bulimba

Bulimba is an electoral district of Queensland. It was created in 1873.

Bulimba is in Brisbane.

Electoral district of Greenslopes

Greenslopes is an electoral district of Queensland. It was created in 1960.

Greenslopes is in Brisbane.

Electoral district of Inala

Inala is an electoral district of Queensland. It was created in 1992.

Inala is in Brisbane.

Electoral district of Lytton

Lytton is an electoral district of Queensland. It was created in 1972.

Lytton is in Brisbane.

Electoral district of Mansfield

Mansfield is an electoral district of Queensland. It was created in 1972.

Mansfield is in Brisbane.

Electoral district of Miller

Miller is an electoral district of Queensland. It was created in 2017.

Miller is in Brisbane.

Electoral district of Mount Ommaney

Mount Ommaney is an electoral district of Queensland. It was created in 1992.

Electoral district of Stretton

Stretton is an electoral district of Queensland. It was created in 2001.

Stretton is in Brisbane.

Electoral district of Toohey

Toohey is an electoral district of Queensland. It was created in 2017.

Toohey is in Brisbane.

Adrian Schrinner

Adrian Schrinner is an Australian politician. He has served as the Lord Mayor of Brisbane since 2019.

Lord Mayor of Brisbane

The Lord Mayor of Brisbane is the chief executive of the Brisbane City Council.

The current Lord Mayor is Adrian Schrinner of the Liberal National Party (LNP).

The Gabba Ward

The Gabba is a ward of Brisbane. It was created in 2008.

Tennyson Ward

Tennyson is a ward of Brisbane. It was created in 2008.

Tanaka Chivanga

Tanaka Chivanga is a cricketer from Zimbabwe. Tanaka plays for the Zimbabwe national cricket team. He was born on July 24, 1993.

Richard Ngarava

Richard Ngarava is a cricketer from Zimbabwe. Richard plays for Zimbabwe national cricket team. He was born on December 28, 1997.

Wellington Masakadza

Wellington Pedzisai Masakadza is a cricketer from Zimbabwe. Wellington plays for the Zimbabwe national cricket team. He was born on October 4, 1993.

Milton Shumba

Milton Shumba is a cricketer from Zimbabwe. He plays for Zimbabwe national cricket team. He was born on October 19, 2000.

Disappearance of Cecilia Strzyzowski

Cecilia Marlene Strzyzowski is a 28-year-old woman from Resistencia, Argentina who was last seen on June 1, 2023 leaving her aunt's house. She was with her partner, César Sena, who is defendant in the case of her disappearance. Also involved are César's parents, Emerenciano Sena and Marcela Acuña. They are social leaders who have strong political ties to Chaco Province Governor Jorge Capitanich. The prosecutor in charge of the case has said that the act is an alleged homicide. The case has generated attention and outrage at the local and national level.

The disappearance report was filed on June 5 by Gloria Romero, Cecilia's mother. According to security cameras, Cecilia was seen entering Sena's house on June 2, but there is no record of his departure. In addition, the videos show Obregón leaving the home with black bags, which are presumed to be the body of the young woman. Later, Emerenciano and Acuña get into the vehicle and leave the house.

On June 18, the primary elections of the 2023 Chaco Provincial Elections were held, and the media agreed that the case had an influence on the results, which resulted in a victory for the opposition to the government.

Cecilia Strzyzowski worked as an administrative employee at the Emerenciano Sena health center and lived with her partner, César Sena, 19, at the house of Cecilia's aunt, Mercedes. According to the testimony of Gloria Romero, Cecilia's mother and complainant in the case of her disappearance, the relationship between Cecilia and César began in December 2021 through Tinder. However, problems arose in the relationship, especially due to the resistance of César's mother towards their union. In addition, possible control by César over Cecilia's movements through WhatsApp and the possession of weapons by César, who claims to be politically persecuted, has been mentioned.

On September 16, 2022, Cecilia and César were married, but four days later they began divorce proceedings, allegedly influenced by César's mother who did not support the relationship. The young couple handed out invitation cards for a wedding party to be held on December 23, however the divorce decree came out two days before and the celebration was postponed indefinitely.

Cecilia's mother was unaware of this divorce at the time of her disappearance. The affective relationship between Cecilia and César continued and they were seen together regularly. Cecilia's mother stated that for her, César was an excellent partner and expressed surprise at the version of a friend of Cecilia's, who alleged that on May 3, César would have physically assaulted Cecilia. According to this same statement, Sena was medicated, he would have hit his own mother at one point, and he was manipulating Cecilia.

On June 1, 2023, Cecilia had a video call with her mother Gloria Romero and told her that she would have a trip to Ushuaia with her partner, César Sena; the reason was a job opportunity. That same afternoon Cecilia Strzyzowski was seen leaving her aunt's house in Resistencia with César Sena. 

At that time, he was wearing light gray sweatpants, a dark gray jacket, and gray sneakers with pink details in turn, Sena carried a partially empty red backpack. According to a family member of Cecilia's, her partner was nervous at that moment and when questioned about the scant luggage, he replied that he would "buy the clothes in Buenos Aires" It should be noted that in Resistencia the average temperature in June is 15 °C and in Ushuaia 2 °C. According to the mother, on Friday the 2nd they should take a flight to Buenos Aires from Corrientes.

Ryan Burl

Ryan Ponsonby Burl is a cricketer from Zimbabwe. He plays for the Zimbabwe national cricket team. He was born on April 15, 1994.

Sikandar Raza

Sikandar Raza Butt is an international cricketer from Zimbabwe. He plays for the Zimbabwe national cricket team. He was born on April 24, 1986.

Sean Williams

Sean Colin Williams is a cricketer from Zimbabwe. He is the captain of the Zimbabwe national cricket team. He was born on September 26, 1986.

Wesley Madhevere

Wesley Nyasha Madhevere is a cricketer from Zimbabwe. He plays for the Zimbabwe national cricket team. He was born on September 4, 2000.

Regis Chakabva

Regis Wiriranai Chakabva is a cricketer from Zimbabwe. He is the vice-captain of the Zimbabwe national cricket team. He was born on September 20, 1987.

Deagon Ward

Deagon is a ward of Brisbane.

Forest Lake Ward

Forest Lake is a ward of Brisbane. It was created in 2016.

Moorooka Ward

Moorooka is a ward of Brisbane.

Morningside Ward

Morningside is a ward of Brisbane.

Note that the swings above are calculated from the 2018 Morningside Ward by-election.

Flesh for Fantasy

"Flesh for Fantasy" is a 1984 song by Billy Idol. It is the third single from his second studio album "Rebel Yell". It went to number 29 in the United States, number 54 in the United Kingdom, number 5 in New Zealand, number 11 in Germany and Canada, number 28 in Australia, number 24 in Italy and number 20 in Switzerland.

Wynnum Manly Ward

Wynnum Manly is a ward of Brisbane.

I Gotcha (Joe Tex song)

"I Gotcha" is a 1972 song by soul singer Joe Tex. It was originally intended for King Floyd, instead Tex recorded it himself as a title track to his album of the same name.

In 1991, Australian singer Jimmy Barnes covered I Gotcha for his fifth studio album "Soul Deep". It is the leading single from the album. It went to number 6 in Australia and number 27 in New Zealand.

Bracken Ridge Ward

Bracken Ridge is a ward of Brisbane.

Calamvale Ward

Calamvale is a ward of Brisbane. It was created in 2016, replacing Parkinson (which was in originally created to replace Acacia Ridge).

Jorge Capitanich

Jorge Milton Capitanich (Born November 28, 1964) is an Argentine accountant and politician. Since December 10, 2019, he has been the governor of the province of Chaco, a position he had previously held in the periods 2007-2011 and 2011-2015.

He was mayor of the City of Resistencia between 2015 and 2019, national senator for the period 2001-2007 and head of the Cabinet of Ministers of the Argentine Nation between January and May 2002 and from November 20, 2013 until February 27, 2015, the period in which he was on leave from his position as governor. Since 2007 he is also president of Club Atlético Sarmiento.

Capitanich (originally "Kapitanić") descends from the first Montenegrins who settled in Chaco and created "Colonia La Montenegrina", the biggest Montenegrin colony in South America. He was born in Presidencia Roque Sáenz Peña, the son of Daniel Capitanich and Mirca Popovich, who owned a small farm. The family hails from Banjani.

He attended the National University of the Northeast, graduating with a degree in accountancy in 1988. He earned a post-graduate degree in public administration from the University of Belgrano in 1991, and taught in his discipline. In 1999 he obtained a master's degree in Economics and Political Science at the School of Economics and Business Administration.

Central Ward (City of Brisbane)

Central is a ward of Brisbane.

Chandler Ward

Chandler is a ward of Brisbane.

Coorparoo Ward

Coorparoo isa a ward of Brisbane.

Doboy Ward

Doboy is a ward of Brisbane. It was created in 1982.

Enoggera Ward

Enoggera is a ward of Brisbane.

Hamilton Ward (City of Brisbane)

Hamilton is a ward of Brisbane.

Holland Park Ward

Holland Park is a ward of Brisbane.

Jamboree Ward

Jamboree is a ward of Brisbane.

MacGregor Ward

MacGregor is a ward of Brisbane.

Big Girls Don't Cry (The Four Seasons song)

"Big Girls Don't Cry" is a 1962 song by The Four Seasons. It is the third single from their debut studio album "Sherry & 11 Others". It went to number 1 in the United States and New Zealand and number 13 in the United Kingdom.

Marchant Ward

Marchant is a ward of Brisbane.

McDowall Ward

McDowall is a ward of Brisbane.

Northgate Ward

Northgate is a ward of Brisbane.

Joy to the World (Three Dog Night song)

"Joy to the World" is a 1971 song by American band Three Dog Night and was taken from their fourth studio album "Naturally". It went to number 1 in the United States, South Africa and Canada, number 24 in the United Kingdom, number 25 in the Netherlands, number 12 in New Zealand and number 8 in Australia. It was covered by Little Richard in 1971. It was used in the 1994 movie "Forrest Gump".

Paddington Ward

Paddington (formerly Toowong) is a ward of Brisbane. It was created in 1994.

Pullenvale Ward

Pullenvale is a ward of Brisbane.

Runcorn Ward

Runcorn is a ward of Brisbane.

The Gap Ward

The Gap is a ward of Brisbane.

Walter Taylor Ward

Walter Taylor is a ward of Brisbane.

Electoral district of Cottesloe

Cottesloe is an electoral district of Western Australia. It was created in 1950.

Cottesloe is in Perth.

Note that the results here are calculated from the 2018 Cottesloe state by-election.

Electoral district of Vasse

Vasse is an electoral district of Western Australia. It was created in 1950.

Electoral district of Central Wheatbelt

Central Wheatbelt is an electoral district of Western Australia. It was created in 2008.

Electoral district of Moore

Moore is an electoral district of Western Australia. It was created in 1890, abolished in 1904, recreated in 1911, reabolished in 1930 and recreated again in 1950.

Electoral district of North West Central

North-West Central is an electoral district of Western Australia. It was created in 2005.

Electoral district of Roe

Roe is an electoral district of Western Australia. It was created in 1950, abolished in 1983, recreated in 1989, reabolished in 2008 and recreated again in 2017.

Would I Lie to You? (Charles &amp; Eddie song)

"Would I Lie to You?" is a 1992 debut single by Charles & Eddie. It was taken from debut studio album "Duophonic". It went to number 1 in the United Kingdom, Zimbabwe, New Zealand, Germany and Austria, number 13 in the United States and number 3 in Australia and Canada. It was covered by David Guetta in 2016.




Electoral district of Geraldton

Geraldton is an electoral district of Western Australia.

Aerviva

Aerviva is international Dubai-based aviation recruitment consultancy that provides recruitment, onboarding, and contract management services for aviation personnel in the European and Middle Eastern markets, as well as staff leasing and aviation consultancy solutions. 

Aerviva DWC was established on November 15, 2015, in Dubai Aviation City Corporation (DACC) Free Zone under Dubai South HQ to offer human resource consultancy services to private airlines, MRO and aviation companies. Jainita Hogervorst is the general manager of the company. In 2022, Aerviva established Aerviva Aviation Consultancy with an office in the mainland of Dubai, UAE.

It's Not Over (Daughtry song)

"It's Not Over" is a 2006 debut single by American rock band Daughtry. It is the leading single from their debut studio album "Daughtry". It went to number 4 in the United States, number 128 in the United Kingdom, number 8 in New Zealand, number 9 in Canada, number 77 in Switzerland and number 22 in Australia. It was nominated for 2 Grammy Awards in 2008.


Houtman Abrolhos

The Houtman Abrolhos (; ), commonly called the Abrolhos Islands, are a chain of 122 islands and reefs in the Indian Ocean, off the coast of Geraldton, Western Australia. It is the southernmost true coral reef in Australia. It is made up of three groups: the Easter Group, the Pelsaert Griup and the Wallabi Group.

The islands are well known for being the site of many shipwrecks, most notably the shipwrecks of the and the .

The islands are inhabited for part of the year by fishermen and their families. The islands can also be visited by tourists.

The islands are a part of Western Australia. In federal politics, they are part of the Division of Durack.In state politics, they are part of the electoral district of Geraldton. In local politics, they are part of the City of Greater Geraldton LGA.

The islands have been considered a national park by the Western Australian Government since 2019. They are managed by the Department of Fisheries.

Flydubai

Flydubai is a low-cost airline based in Dubai, United Arab Emirates. It was established by the government of Dubai in July 2008. Although not part of The Emirates Group, Flydubai received support from Emirates during its initial establishment. The airline operates from Dubai International Airport and serves 114 destinations in the Middle East, Africa, Asia, and Europe. Flydubai started its operations in June 2009 with flights to Beirut and Amman, and it has since expanded its route network. In 2020, Flydubai faced losses due to the grounding of Boeing's Max 737 aircraft worldwide.

Poland (song)

"Poland" is a song by American rapper Lil Yachty. The song was released on October 11, 2022. The song was able to make it to #40 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 and is certified Gold by the Polish Society of the Phonographic Industry (ZPAV). 

Lil Yachty said he made the song as a troll after he was drinking some wock and saw someone else was drinking a Poland Spring water. Wock means Wockhardt, a brand of cough syrup which is popularly used in the drug lean. The song was praised as catchy and unique with the lyric "I took the wock to Poland" being singled out and becoming viral.

On October 11, 2022, a music video for the song was released. It was produced by Cole Bennett. In the video, Yachty is seen rapping on the streets of Manhattan and the New York City Subway. The train car has a giant bottle of Wockhardt taped to the back of it.

On October 12, 2022, Prime Minister of Poland Mateusz Morawiecki texted Quality Control Music CEO Pierre Thomas and invited Yachty to come to Poland.


Barnes Hits Anthology

Barnes Hits Anthology is a 1996 greatest hits album by Australian singer Jimmy Barnes. It was released on 28 October, 1996 through Mushroom Records. It went to number 1 in Australia and number 3 in New Zealand. It was released on vinyl for the first time in 2018.


Craig Ervine

Craig Richard Ervine is an international cricketer from Zimbabwe. He is the captain of the Zimbabwe national cricket team. He was born on August 19, 1985.

Renuka Singh

Renuka Singh Thakur is an cricketer from India. She plays for Himachal Pradesh women's cricket team. She was born on January 2, 1996.

Meghna Singh

Meghna Singh is a cricketer from India. She plays for Railways women's cricket team. She was born on June 18, 1994.

Meghna Singh was born in a small town called Bijnor, Uttar Pradesh, on 18th June 1994. She loved cricket from a young age, even though not many girls in her town played it. Her family always supported her, especially her dad, Vijay Singh, and her mom, Reena Singh.

Despite not having a girls' team nearby, Meghna played cricket with the boys. Her mom mentioned that Meghna was the only girl who played cricket with the boys in their area.

When Meghna was 10, she started training seriously with a coach named Lakshyaraj Tyagi. She practiced a lot, even twice a day! Her dad drove her every day to the Nehru Stadium in Bijnor, which was 24 kilometers away from their home.

Her coach, Mr. Tyagi, was really impressed with her skills. He once said that on Meghna's first day, the other players found it hard to hit her bowling.

All her dedication paid off in 2019. Meghna played amazingly in a tournament, catching the eyes of big cricket teams. In 2021, she got to play for the Indian women's cricket team in matches against Australia and Pakistan.

Sneh Rana

Sneh Rana is a cricketer from India. She plays for Railways and India women's national cricket team. She was born on February 18, 1994.

Codix Pharma

Codix Pharma is an African Health Technology Company headquartered in the Nigerian commercial nerve center of Lagos and primarily engaged in the marketing, distribution, and production of pharmaceutical and healthcare technology solutions.   It claims to be the fastest-growing indigenous pharmaceutical company in Nigeria, with operations spread across nine locations some of which include Ghana, UAE, and the UK.

Codix Pharma Ltd was established by Sammy Ogunjimi and incorporated in the year 2002.  In 2008, it commenced active operations with the launch of its flagship products; Glucodix tabs a brand of metformin and Finetest Auto-Coding Premium Blood Glucose Meter in Nigeria.

In 2014, the company developed several own-brand labels in the cardiometabolic care range and expanded its presence with the launch of one of the first multi-functional immunoassay bio marker analyzers in Nigeria, a solution targeted at supporting the diagnosis of NCDs in Secondary and tertiary health facilities across the country. 

Codix Pharma Ltd’s products offerings and services are categorized into three:

Codix Specialties Products: a range of point-of-care devices for the diagnosis, screening, and monitoring of cardiometabolic and related diseases in patients. Some of these include Professional Medical Devices, Ethical Drugs, Anti-diabetics, and Rapid Diagnostic Test Kits.

Consumer Products: These product ranges comprise supplements and point-of-care devices for monitoring blood sugar, blood pressure, and lipid profile amongst others, AND Supplements.

After-Sales Support: Codix Pharma Ltd has a team of technical experts who provide Aftersales Support to customers.

Daniel Marot

Daniel Marot, born in 1661 in Paris, was an architect, furniture designer and engraver. He moved to England and designed Hampton Court Palace.

East Wallabi Island Airport

East Wallabi Island Airport is the main airfield serving the Houtman Abrolhos islands. It is located on East Wallabi Island.

Kiss and Tell (Bryan Ferry song)

"Kiss and Tell" is a 1988 song by Bryan Ferry and is the second single from his seventh studio album "Bête Noire". It went to number 31 in the United States, number 41 in the United Kingdom, number 26 in New Zealand, number 47 in Canada, number 38 in Australia and number 45 in the Netherlands. It was used in the 1988 movie "Bright Lights, Big City".

UK 7" single

US 7" single

US 12" single

UK 12" single

US 12" single and CD single

UK CD single

Here I Am (Come and Take Me)

"Here I Am (Come and Take Me)" is a 1973 song by Al Green and is the second single from his sixth studio album "Call Me". It went to number 10 in the United States.

In 1990 British band UB40 covered "Here I Am (Come and Take Me)" for their ninth studio album "Labour of Love II". It went to number 46 in the United Kingdom and had much better success in the United States, the Netherlands, New Zealand and Australia where it made the top 10 in these countries.

Auro Enzo Basiliani

Auro Enzo Basiliani (Born 10 September 1934) is a Italian football player.

Giovanni Bacis

Giovanni Bacis (Born 8 October 1938) is a Italian football player.

Communist Party of Britain

The Communist Party of Britain (CPB) is a communist party in Great Britain. It was made because of a dispute between Eurocommunists and Marxist-Leninists in the Communist Party of Great Britain in 1988. It is friends with the Cuba Solidarity Campaign and the Venezuela Solidarity Campaign. The party was one of two British political parties that signed the Pyongyang Declaration.

Bailiwick

A bailiwick () is the area where a bailiff is in charge. It used to also mean territories where an appointed bailiff did what a sheriff usually does. The bailiff did that under a royal or imperial writ.


Rhacophorus modestus

Boulenger's flying frog ("Rhacophorus modestus") is a frog. It lives in Sumatra in Indonesia.

Écréhous

The Écréhous (or in Jèrriais: "Êcrého") are a group of islands and rocks that are six miles (9.6 km) northeast of Jersey. They are eight miles (12.8 km) away from France. They are part of the Parish of St. Martin in the Bailiwick of Jersey.

In 1203, John, Duke of Normandy gave the Ecrehos to the Abbey of Val-Richer so that they could build a church there.

The monks went back to Val-Richer in 1413. Their church on La Maîtr'Île slowly became ruins.

In the 17th century, the Ecrehos were used by smugglers. The main items smuggled through the Ecrehos in the 1690s were lead and gunpowder. Those items were being sent to St Malô.

To control voting in Jersey, citizens were often kidnapped and left on the islands until after the voting was finished.

In 1950, France started a case against the United Kingdom in the International Court of Justice (ICJ). The case was to decide which country owned the Minquiers and Ecrehos. The French fished there, but Jersey made the laws. In the "Minquiers and Ecrehos case", the ICJ considered the history of the area. It gave the islands to Jersey on November 17, 1953.

The biggest islets in the group are:
Some of the others are:

All of them but the biggest three go underwater at high tide. There is no fresh water on the islands. Nobody lives on any of them. Due to erosion, they are now much smaller than they may have been in the past. Maîtr'Île, the biggest islet, is about 300 metres (0.19 mi) long.

Rywka Lipszyc

Rywka Bajla Lipszyc (born 1929; date of death unknown) was a Jewish girl from Poland who kept a diary from October 1943 to April 1944, in the Łódź Ghetto.

Lipszyc kept and wrote in the diary during World War II.

The diary was found by a woman in the Auschwitz concentration camp in June 1945, where she was with the Red Army serving as a physician. The woman was unsuccessful in her attempts to find someone who would translate the diary. 

Decades later, the woman's granddaughter who lived in San Francisco in the U.S., who had the diary with her, contacted several Holocaust museums to try to translate the diary (she brought the diary with her from Russia in the 1990's), but to no avail, until Judy Janec, a archivist in the Holocaust Center of North California, accepted her request to translate the diary.

The diary was eventually published as a book titled ""The Diary of Rywka Lipszyc"" in 2014, six years after Judy Janec translated it, in 2008.

Hunting bag

A hunting bag is a bag used by the hunter to transport his equipment, his food and hunting accessories, e.g. cartridges, etc. It is usually a medium size bag since it is also used to carry captured pieces. Made of leather or fabric, the satchel is generaly equipped with a large strap passed around the neck to hang it over the shoulder. There are hunting jackets with an integrated pouch on the back. 

Hunting bags are traditionally made of strong leather and worn over the shoulder on a wide strap. They are rectangular in shape and contain compartments for small items, which are protected by the bag's lid, which is usually large. There are strings usually attached to it, (sometimes with rings in its end) to hang dead birds. For short-term hunts, the so-called "American hunting bags", which have a square-round-oblong shape, are the most convenient.


Electoral district of Kalgoorlie

Kalgoorlie is an electoral district of Western Australia. It was created in 1901.

2021 Western Australian state election

The 2021 Western Australian state election was held on 13 March 2021 to elect the 41st Parliament of Western Australia, including all 59 seats in the Legislative Assembly and all 36 seats in the Legislative Council. It was conducted by the Western Australian Electoral Commission (WAEC).

The incumbent Labor government, led by Premier Mark McGowan, was re-elected in a landslide. They were opposed by the Liberal Party, led by Zak Kirkup, and the National Party, led by Mia Davies. The Liberals lost all but two seats, while the Nationals won four, making the Nationals the official Opposition. After the election, the two parties formed an alliance, called the Western Australian Opposition Alliance, similar to the Coalition, with the Nationals as the senior partner and the Liberals as the junior partner. Labor won the largest majority government (89.8% of seats) and the largest two-party-preferred vote (69.7%) ever won by any party at any election in Australian history. For the first time, they had a majority in both chambers of Parliament.

2025 Western Australian state election

The 2025 Western Australian state election will be held on 8 March 2025 to elect the 42nd Parliament of Western Australia, including all 59 seats in the Legislative Assembly and all 37 seats in the Legislative Council.

2017 Western Australian state election

The 2017 Western Australian state election happened on 11 March 2017 to elect the 40th Parliament of Western Australia, including all 59 seats in the Legislative Assembly and all 36 seats in the Legislative Council. Western Australian Electoral Commission (WAEC) ran the election

The incumbent Liberal–National Coalition government, led by Premier Colin Barnett and Brendan Grylls, tried to win a third term in government. However, they were defeated by the Labor Party, led by Opposition Leader Mark McGowan, in a landslide.

2013 Western Australian state election

The 2013 Western Australian state election was held on 9 March 2013 to elect the 39th Parliament of Western Australia, including all 59 seats in the Legislative Assembly and all 36 seats in the Legislative Council.

The incumbent Liberal–National Coalition government, led by Premier Colin Barnett and Brendan Grylls, was re-elected in a landslide. They were opposed by the Labor Party, led by Mark McGowan. For the first time since 1996, the Liberals won a majority of seats in their own right, technically not requiring support from the Nationals.

Electoral district of Kimberley

Kimberley is an electoral district of Western Australia. It was created in 1904.

Electoral district of Pilbara

Pilbara is an electoral district of Western Australia. It was created in 1894.

Waldronville

Waldronville is a coastal settlement on the Pacific Ocean coast of New Zealand. It was established in the 1950s as a commuter settlement and is situated 13 kilometers southeast from the Dunedin city centre. The township of Brighton is located 7 kilometers southwest of Waldronville. It had a primary school until it shut in 2010 due to declining school numbers.

Radha Yadav

Radha Prakash Yadav is a cricketer from India. Radha plays for Mumbai women's cricket team, Baroda women's cricket team and West Zone women's cricket team. She was born on April 21, 2000.

Radha became the first female cricketer from Gujarat domestic squad to be picked for Indian womens cricket team when she was selected to play against South Africa at a young age of 17.


Deepti Sharma

Deepti Bhagwan Sharma is a cricketer from India. He plays for Bengal women's cricket team, Birmingham Phoenix and India women's national cricket team. He was born on August 24, 1997.

Sabbhineni Meghana

Sabbineni Meghana is a cricketer from India. He plays for Railways women's cricket team and India women's national cricket team. He was born on June 7, 1996.

Jemimah Rodrigues

Jemimah Jessica Rodrigues is a cricketer from India. Jemimah plays for the Indian national women's cricket team and Mumbai women's cricket team. She was born on September 5, 2000.

Chief financial officer

A Chief Financial Officer (CFO in short) is responsible for the financial management of a company. For example he oversees accounting, financial reporting and ensures that the company has sufficient cash on its bank accounts, so that it can pay all its bills from suppliers, salaries and taxes.

List of Thomas &amp; Friends episodes

The following is a list of episodes of the television series Thomas & Friends. As of 2 August 2023, 684 episodes of Thomas & Friends have aired.

<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>

Series 8 – present, The rest of the series takes place in the same years when their films and episodes have aired.

Electoral district of Albany

Albany is an electoral district of Western Australia. It was created in 1890.

Pulling Mussels (from the Shell)

"Pulling Mussels (from the Shell)" is a 1980 song by British band Squeeze. It was taken from their third studio album "Argybargy". It went to number 44 in the United Kingdom and became one of their most popular songs although it never charted in the United States.

7-inch vinyl

Memories (David Guetta song)

"Memories" is a 2009 song by French DJ David Guetta featuring American rapper Kid Cudi and is the fourth single from his fourth studio album "One Love". It topped the single charts in Belgium. It went to top 10 in Australia, Austria, Denmark, Finland, France, Germany, Hungary, Ireland, the Netherlands, New Zealand, Poland, Romania and Switzerland. It also peaked at number 15 in the United Kingdom, number 18 in Canada and number 46 in the United States.



Alexander Schlager

Alexander Schlager (born 1 February 1996) is an Austrian professional footballer. He plays as goalkeeper for Austrian Bundesliga club FC Red Bull Salzburg and the Austria national team.
Schlager began his career at ASK Salzburg. He then moved to FC Red Bull Salzburg. From April to August 2007 he played in the youth team of ASK Maxglan. In August 2007 he moved to SV Austria Salzburg. In 2009 he returned to the youth team of Red Bull Salzburg. He played then for the Red Bull Salzburg academy.

In May 2012 he made his debut for the Red Bull Salzburg Juniors in the Regionalliga West . He was in the stgarting team. But this was his only appearance for the Red Bull Juniors. In May 2013, he made his debut in Salzburg's professional squad against FK Austria Wien, but did not play.

For the 2014/15 season he was loaned to Germany to the A-Juniors of RB Leipzig. In October 2014 he made his first appearance in the A-Junior Bundesliga against Dynamo Dresden. In November 2014 he was in the squad for the fifth-rate second team in Leipzig for the first time against the second team of FC Carl Zeiss Jena, but was not used. By the end of the season he had played 18 games in the A-Junior Bundesliga. Leipzig became champion of the North/Northeast season. In the relegetion round they failed in the semifinals at TSG 1899 Hoffenheim.

For the 2015/16 season he was loaned to Bundesliga club SV Grödig. He made his Bundesliga debut for Grödig in July 2015 when he started against SCR Altach. During his loan, he made ten Bundesliga appearances for SV Grödig. They were relegated from the Bundesliga at the end of the season.

For the 2016/17 season Schlager moved to the second division club Floridsdorfer AC. In July 2016 he played his first game in the second division against WSG Wattens. By the end of the season he had made 23 appearances for Floridsdorf. For the 2017/18 season he went to Bundesliga club LASK. In his first season he was behind Pavao Pervan. So he only played one match for LASK in the Bundesliga. After Pervan left, Schlager became LASK's first goalkeeper in the summer of 2018 and also played his first international competition at club level against Lillestrøm SK. In September 2018, his contract was extended until June 2021. In the 2018/19 season he made 31 Bundesliga appearances and finished runners-up with LASK.

In December 2022, LASK announced that Schlager leave LASK after the 2022/23 season. He then returned to Red Bull Salzburg for the 2023/24 season and signed till June 2027.
He played for Austria U-21 and also the other youth teams from U16 to U19. He was the captain for Austria U-21 in Euro U-21 2019.

On 16 November 2019, Schlager played his first match for Austria's national team in the deciding UEFA Euro 2020 qualifier against North Macedonia in Vienna.

The Conversation (Waylon Jennings and Hank Williams Jr. song)

"The Conversation" is a 1983 song by country artists Hank Williams Jr. and Waylon Jennings. It was taken from the 1983 album "Waylon and Company". It went to number 15 on the Billboard Hot Country songs chart and number 12 on the Canadian RPM Country Tracks chart.

Electoral district of Bunbury

Bunbury is an electoral district of Western Australia. It was created in 1890.

Bunbury is in Bunbury.

Electoral district of Collie-Preston

Collie-Preston is an electoral district of Western Australia. It was created in 1901.

Nothing Really Matters

"Nothing Really Matters" is a 1999 song by Madonna. It is the final single from her 7th studio album "Ray of Light". It went to number 93 in the United States and went to the top 10 in New Zealand, the United Kingdom, Canada, Finland, Scotland, Iceland and Italy. It topped the single charts in Hungary and Spain.







Shape I'm In (Jo Jo Zep &amp; The Falcons song)

"Shape I'm In" is a 1979 song by Australian band Jo Jo Zep & The Falcons. It is the second single from their fourth studio album "Screaming Targets". It went to number 22 in Australia and number 41 in New Zealand.

7" (K 7665) 

7" (UK) (WEA – K 79122)

Anam Amin

Anam Amin is a cricketer from Pakistan. She currently plays for the Pakistan women's national cricket team. She was born on August 11, 1992.

Diana Baig

Diana Baig is a cricketer and footballer. She plays for the Pakistan women's national cricket team. She was born on October 15, 1995.

Tuba Hassan

Tuba Hassan is a cricketer from Pakistan. She plays for the Pakistan women's national cricket team. She was born on October 18, 2000.

Fatima Sana

Fatima Sana is a cricketer from Pakistan. She plays for the Pakistan women's national cricket team. She was born on November 8, 2001.


Ayesha Naseem

Ayesha Naseem is a cricketer from Pakistan. She plays for the Pakistan women's national cricket team. She was born on August 7, 2004.

Aliya Riaz

Aliya Riaz is a cricketer from Pakistan. She plays for the Pakistan national cricket team. She was born on September 24, 1992.

Omaima Sohail

Omaima Sohail is a cricketer from Pakistan. She plays for the Pakistan women's national cricket team. She was born on July 11, 1997.

Iram Javed

Iram Javed is a cricketer from Pakistan. She plays for the Pakistan women's national cricket team. She was born on December 16, 1991.

Muneeba Ali

Muneeba Ali Siddiqui is a cricketer from Pakistan. She plays for the Pakistan women's national cricket team. She was born on August 8, 1997.

Burgwedel

Burgwedel is a town in Hanover in Lower Saxony, Germany. It is about 15 km northeast of Hanover. About 20,200 people live there.

Burgwedel has 7 districts:

Rossmann, a drugstore chain, is in Burgwedel.

Sassnitz

Sassnitz (before 1993: "Saßnitz") is a town in Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania, Germany. It is on the Rügen Island. In 2021, 9,064 people lived there.

Sassnitz is a seaside resort and port town.


Altdorf, Böblingen

Altdorf is a municipality in Böblingen in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.

Ehningen

Ehningen is a town in Böblingen in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.

Ehingen (disambiguation)

Ehingen is the name of following places in Germany:


Ehingen

Ehingen is a town in Alb-Donau in Baden-Württemberg, Germany. It is on the Danube river.

Giorgio Veneri

Giorgio Veneri (10 September 1939 – 8 November 2023) was an Italian football player and manager.

Eugenio Perico

Eugenio Perico (15 October 1951) is an Italian football player.

Letters from the Park

Letters from the Park () is a 1988 Cuban drama movie directed by Tomás Gutiérrez Alea and starring Víctor Laplace, Ivonne López Arenal, Miguel Paneke, Mirta Ibarra, Adolfo Llauradó, Elio Mesa.

2023 Pacific hurricane season

The 2023 Pacific hurricane season is the current hurricane season in the Pacific Ocean in the Northern Hemisphere. The season began on May 15 in the eastern Pacific (east of 140°W) and on June 1 in the central Pacific (from 140°W to the International Date Line). The season will end for both on November 30.
The beginning of the season had little activity. The first storm, Hurricane Adrian, did not develop until June 27. Hurricane Beatriz formed two days later along the coast of Mexico.

On June 23, the National Hurricane Center (NHC) began monitoring an area of low pressure which formed off the coast of southern Mexico. On June 27 the storm became organized and the NHC began posting advisories for Tropical Storm Adrian. Adrian strengthened and became the first hurricane of the season on June 28 while southwest of Manzanillo, Cloima. On June 30, Adrian reached Category 2 status, with sustained winds of up to . Adrian began weakening and degenerated into a remnant low on July 2.

On June 25 an area of low pressure formed off the cost of Costa Rica. The NHC began posting advisories for the system, named Potential Tropical Cyclone Two-E on June 28. The next day, the system became organized and was named Tropical Storm Beatriz that evening. Beatriz traveled along the coast of Mexico and was upgraded to a Category 1 hurricane on June 30, with sustained winds of up to . Beatriz weakened to a tropical storm early on July 1, and dissipated later that day.

One person drowned in Mazatlán, Sinaloa, on July 1, while surfing high waves created by the remains of Beatriz.

As of 4:00 p.m. AST (21:00 UTC) October 28, Tropical Depression Nineteen-E is located about southwest of San Salvador, El Salvador. Maximum sustained winds are , with gusts up to . The minimum barometric pressure is , and the system is stationary. 

For the latest official information, see:

This list of names will be used for storms which form in the North Pacific east of 140°W in 2023. It is the same list used in 2017.

The names for storms which form in the North Pacific from 140°W to the International Date Line are from a set of four lists. The names are used one after another, no matter the year. The next four names are:

This is a table of all storms which have formed in the 2023 Pacific hurricane season. All damage figures are in 2023 USD.

Oleg

Oleg known as Oleg the Wise, Oleg of Novgorod, or Oleg of Kiev, was a Varangian prince of the Rus' who became the first prince of Kiev, thereby laying the foundations of the Kievan Rus' state.

Grivna

The grivna was a currency as well as a measure of weight used in Kievan Rus' and other states in Eastern Europe from the 11th century.

As its etymology implies the word originally meant a necklace or a torque. The reason why it has taken the meaning of a unit of weight is unclear. The grivnas that have been found at various archaeological sites are not necklaces but bullions of precious metals, usually silver. The weight and the shape of grivnas were not uniform, but varied by region. The grivnas of Novgorod and Pskov were thin long round-edged or three-edged ingots, while Kievan grivnas have rather the shape of a prolonged rhombus. The material was either gold or silver, but silver was predominant. Originally the weight of a grivna was close to the Roman or Byzantine pound. The weight of the Kievan grivna was around 140–165 g (0.309–0.364 lb). The Novgorod grivna had the weight 204 grams (0.450 lb) and became the basis for monetary systems in northeastern Rus', including the emerging Grand Duchy of Moscow.

Calgary–Edmonton Corridor

The Calgary–Edmonton Corridor is an area of the Canadian province of Alberta. It is the most urbanized area in Alberta and is one of the four urban areas in Canada with the biggest population. It consists of Statistics Canada Alberta census divisions No. 11, No. 8, and No. 6. The region covers a distance of approximately from the top to the bottom.

In the Canada 2001 Census, the population of the Calgary–Edmonton Corridor was 2,149,586. That was 72.3% of Alberta's population at the time. In the Canada 2011 Census, the area's population had increased to 2,703,380. That number was 74.2% of the province's population. The population as of the Canada 2016 Census was 3,074,223.

The table below has the population growth of the Calgary–Edmonton Corridor between 1996 and 2021 by its three census divisions.

Ibrahimpatti

Ibrahimpatti village located in indian dstate of Uttar Pradesh district Ballia gazipur division This village is famous for indias former prime minister Mr chandrashekhar birthplace

Gianfranco Poletto

Gianfranco Poletto (born 3 September 1940) is a former Italian football player.

Vittorio Calvani

Vittorio Calvani (born 8 October 1939) is an Italian football player.

Roberto Rigotto

Roberto Rigotto (born 17 September 1942) is an Italian football player.

Paolo Pandrin

Paolo Pandrin (17 September 1945) is an Italian football player.

Renzo Ragonesi

Renzo Ragonesi (born 17 September 1943) is an Italian football player.

Carlsbad Caverns National Park

Carlsbad Caverns National Park is an American national park in the Guadalupe Mountains of southeastern New Mexico. It is in the Delaware Basin. Most people come here to see the show cave Carlsbad Cavern. Visitors to the cave can hike down the natural entrance. They could also take an elevator from the visitor center.

The park entrance is by US Highway 62/180, roughly southwest of Carlsbad, New Mexico. The park has two entries on the National Register of Historic Places: The Caverns Historic District and the Rattlesnake Springs Historic District. Roughly two-thirds of the park has been set aside as a wilderness area. This means that there will be no future changes to the habitat.

Carlsbad Cavern has a large limestone chamber, named the Big Room, which is almost long, wide, and high at its highest point.

In 1898, a teenager named Jim White went into the cavern with a homemade wire ladder. He named many of the rooms.

Until 1932, visitors had to walk down a ramp that took them below the surface. The walk back up made some of them tired. In 1932, the national park opened a large visitor center building. It had two elevators that would take visitors in and out of the caverns below.

According to the Köppen climate classification system, the Carlsbad Caverns Visitor Center has a cool semi-arid climate ("BS"). 

Seventeen species of bats live in the park. Many of the bats in the cave are Mexican free-tailed bats. People say that the number of Mexican free-tailed bats used to be several million, but has gone down a lot in modern times. The cause is unknown, but organochlorine pesticides (specifically DDT and dieldrin) are likely part of the reason. A 2009 study by a team from Boston University says that there may have never been millions of bats in the caves.

Scientists have tried to count the bats in many different ways. Using thermal imaging cameras to track the bats worked the best.

The Mexican free-tailed bats are there from April or May to late October or early November. They fly out of the cave in a dense group, corkscrewing upwards. They usually start flying out around sunset. The event usually lasts about three hours. Every evening from Memorial Day weekend to mid October, a ranger talks about the bats while visitors sitting in the amphitheater wait to watch them fly out.

Gatlinburg, Tennessee

Gatlinburg is a resort city in Sevier County in Tennessee. It is southeast of Knoxville. It had a population of 3,944 at the 2010 census and a population of 3,577 at the 2020 census. People like to go there on vacation because it is next to Great Smoky Mountains National Park and along U.S. Route 441. That road connects to Cherokee, North Carolina on the southeast side of the national park. The town was called White Oak Flats or White Oak while it was still unincorporated.

Curno

Curno is a "comune" in the Province of Bergamo in the Lombardy region in Italy.

Castel San Pietro Terme

Castel San Pietro Terme is an Italian city in Emilia-Romagna. About 21,000 people live there.

Duno

Duno is a "comune" in the Province of Varese in the Lombardy region in Italy.

Cherokee, North Carolina

Cherokee () is a census-designated place (CDP) in Swain and Jackson counties in North Carolina. It is in the Qualla Boundary area. Cherokee is located near the intersection of U.S. Routes 19 and 441. It had a population of 2,195 at the 2020 census. It is the capital of the Eastern Band of Cherokee Indians.

The town is also a place that people like to go to on vacation. It has a lot of campgrounds, motels, and hotels for visitors to the Great Smoky Mountains National Park, with a major entrance to the park in the town. It is connected to Gatlinburg, Tennessee by U.S. Route 441. Cherokee is the southern end of the Blue Ridge Parkway. The Oconaluftee River is a place people go to for water sports. The Oconaluftee Indian Village has the outdoor drama "Unto These Hills", which a lot of people liked.

Altdorf, Esslingen

Altdorf is a municipality in Esslingen in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.

Villeneuve-les-Bordes

Villeneuve-les-Bordes is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Seine-et-Marne department in north-central France.

Elza, Tennessee

Elza was a community in Anderson County, Tennessee, that existed before 1942. The area was taken over for the Manhattan Project. It is now part of the city of Oak Ridge, Tennessee.

When the federal government looked at sites for the Manhattan Project buildings that ultimately were sited at Oak Ridge, the Oak Ridge site was described in internal memos as "near Elza." During World War II, Elza was the site of one of the security gates on the borders of the then-closed city of Oak Ridge. It was on the road from Clinton to Oak Ridge.

The Luther Brannon House, built in 1941, was a surviving structure associated with the Elza community. 

During World War II and for some time after, the Manhattan Engineer District and the U.S. Atomic Energy Commission used several warehouses in the Elza area for storage of uranium ore and other materials. In the early 1990s, the U.S. Department of Energy cleaned up the site, where soil had been found to be contaminated by PCBs and uranium.

Luther Brannon House

The Luther Brannon House was a stone bungalow building in Oak Ridge, Tennessee. It was one of the few buildings from before World War II that were still in the area.

The house was built in 1941. It was taken by the U.S. Army for the Manhattan Project a few months later. It was one of about 180 buildings that were not destroyed after the area was taken for the Manhattan Project. The house is believed to have been used as headquarters for local project operations and a house for General Leslie Groves until the Army finished building new administration buildings.

After the war, when most other pre-war buildings in Oak Ridge were torn down, the house was not torn down. As of 1991, it was one of only three pre-World War II houses left in Oak Ridge. The others were Freels Cabin and the J. B. Jones House. It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places because it was related to the early development of Oak Ridge.

The house was badly damaged by a fire in July 2014. As of April 2020, the fire damage still had not been repaired, and the property was listed for sale. As of February 2021, the house had been demolished. It was removed from the National Register of Historic Places in October 2021.

Unionville, Tennessee

Unionville is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Bedford County, Tennessee. The 2020 census said 1,394 people lived there. Unionville has a post office with the ZIP code 37180.

Bellwether

A bellwether is something that is an indicator of trends. The term is used in economics, law and politics.

In politics, a bellwether seat is a seat that is generally won by the party that forms government.

Australian psephologist Antony Green, who reports live election results for the Australian Broadcasting Corporation (ABC), classified 11 federal seats as bellwether seats for the 2016 federal election: Dobell, Eden-Monaro, Lindsay, Macarthur, Page and Robertson in New South Wales; Forde, Herbert, Leichhardt and Petrie in Queensland; and Makin in South Australia. Other seats sometimes considered bellwether seats include Corangamite in Victoria; Longman in Queensland; Hasluck in Western Australia; Hindmarsh in South Australia; Bass and Braddon in Tasmania; and Solomon in the Northern Territory. However, many of these seats would no longer be considered bellwether seats; in 2022, when the Coalition lost power to the Labor Party, the Coalition retained the seats of Bass, Braddon, Forde, Herbert, Leichhardt, Lindsay, Longman, Page and Petrie, while Labor already held the seats of Corangamite, Dobell, Eden-Monaro, Hindmarsh, Macarthur, Makin and Solomon, with Labor only gaining two of the mentioned seats from the Coalition (i.e Hasluck and Robertson).

The state seats of Camden, Monaro and Penrith in New South Wales; and Bentleigh, Carrum, Frankston and Mordialloc in Victoria (often called the four "sandbelt" seats); Barron River and Mundingburra in Queensland; and Albany, Geraldton, Joondalup, Southern River and Swan Hills in Western Australia; are often considered bellwether seats.

Durand Cup

The Durand Cup is an annual football tournament in India. It started in 1888 and is the oldest club football tournament in Asia.

Super Cup (India)

The Super Cup is a football tournament in India. The tournament is made by the All India Football Federation (AIFF).

Electoral district of Dawesville

Dawesville is an electoral district of Western Australia. It was created in 1996.

Dawesville is in Mandurah.

Electoral district of Mandurah

Mandurah is an electoral district of Western Australia. It was created in 1983.

Mandurah is in Mandurah.

Electoral district of Murray-Wellington

Murray–Wellington is an electoral district of Western Australia. It was created in 1890.

Electoral district of Warren-Blackwood

Warren–Blackwood is an electoral district of Western Australia. It was created in 1950, abolished in 2008 and recreated in 2013.

All India Football Federation

The All India Football Federation (AIFF) is in charge of football in India. It is a part of FIFA and Asian Football Confederation.

Broome, Western Australia

Broome () is a coastal resort town in the Kimberley region of northern Western Australia.

The main industries in Broome are fishing, pearling and tourism. It was also a significant place in World War II, after being attacked by the Japanese four times during the war.

Karratha, Western Australia

Karratha is a city in the Pilbara region of Western Australia.

Shenandoah National Park

Shenandoah National Park (often ) is an American national park that encompasses part of the Blue Ridge Mountains in Virginia. The park is long and narrow, with the Shenandoah River and its valley to the west, and the hills of the Virginia Piedmont to the east. Skyline Drive is the main park road, going along the ridge of the mountains. It is connected to Great Smoky Mountains National Park by the Blue Ridge Parkway. Almost 40% of the park's land has been designated as wilderness areas and is protected as part of the National Wilderness Preservation System. The highest mountain is Hawksbill Mountain at .

Kainat Imtiaz

Kainat Imtiaz is a cricketer from Pakistan. She plays for the Pakistan women's national cricket team. She was born on June 21, 1992.

Harmanpreet Kaur

Harmanpreet Kaur is a cricketer from India. She plays for the India women's national cricket team. She was born on March 8, 1989.


Bismah Maroof

Bismah Maroof is a cricketer from Pakistan. She plays for the Pakistan women's national cricket team. She was born on July 18, 1991.

Dane Cleaver

Dane Cleaver is a cricketer from New Zealand. He plays for the New Zealand national cricket team. He was born on January 1, 1992.

Lockie Ferguson

Lachlan Hammond Ferguson is a cricketer from New Zealand. He plays for the New Zealand national cricket team. He was born on June 13, 1991.

Glenn Phillips

Glenn Dominic Phillips is a cricketer from New Zealand. He plays for the New Zealand national cricket team. He was born on December 6, 1996.

Rhacophorus bipunctatus

The Himalaya flying frog, twin-spotted tree frog, double-spotted tree frog, twin-spotted bushfrog, Cherrapunji bubble nest frog, Cherrapunji bush frog, Cherrapunjee bush frog, double-spotted red-webbed tree frog, or orange-webbed tree frog ("Rhacophorus bipunctatus") is a frog. It lives in the east part of the Himalaya mountains in India, Tibet, Bangladesh, and China and in the Annam Mountains in Vietnam, Laos, and Cambodia. It also lives in parts of Thailand and Myanmar.

Martin Guptill

Martin James Guptill is a cricketer from New Zealand. He plays for the New Zealand national cricket team. He was born on September 30, 1986.

Finn Allen

Finnley Hugh Allen is a cricketer from New Zealand. He plays for the New Zealand national cricket team. He was born on April 22, 1999.

Mitchell Santner

Mitchell Josef Santner is a international cricketer from New Zealand. He plays for the New Zealand national cricket team. He was born on February 5, 1992.

Hamza Tahir

Hamza Tahir is a cricketer from Scotland. He plays for the Scotland national cricket team. He was born on November 9, 1995.

Chris Sole

Christopher Barclay Sole is a cricketer from Scotland. He plays for the Scotland national cricket team. He was born on February 27, 1994.

Safyaan Sharif

Safyaan Mohammed Sharif is a cricketer from Scotland. He plays for the Scotland national cricket team. He was born on May 24, 1991.

Facepunch Studios

Facepunch Studios was a company founded by Garry Newman in 2004, while he was creating the game Garry's Mod.

Mark Watt

Mark Robert James Watt is a cricketer from Scotland. He plays for the Scotland national cricket team. He was born on July 29, 1996.

Michael Leask

Michael Alexander Leask is a Scottish cricketer from Scotland. He plays for the Scotland national cricket team. He was born on October 29, 1990.

Gleneagles

Gleneagles may refer to:



Chris Greaves

Christopher Nicholas Greaves is a cricketer from Scotland. He plays for the Scotland national cricket team. He was born on October 12, 1990.

Matthew Cross (cricketer)

Matthew Henry Cross is a cricketer from Scotland. He plays for the Scotland national cricket team. He was born on October 15, 1992.

Calum MacLeod

Calum Scott MacLeod is a cricketer from Scotland. He plays for the Scotland national cricket team. He was born on November 15, 1988.

Rod Latham

Rodney Terry Latham was born 12 June, 1961 in Christchurch. He played four test matches and 33 one-day internationals for New Zealand from 1990 to 1994. He also played for Canterbury in the Plunket Shield and rugby for Canterbury. He is the father of New Zealand cricketer Tom Latham.


List of Brazil Twenty20 International cricketers

This is a list of Brazil Twenty20 International cricketers.

Electoral district of Balcatta

Balcatta is an electoral district of Western Australia. It was created in 1904, abolished in 1911, recreated in 1962, reabolished in 1974, recreated again in 1977, reabolished again in 1996 and recreated for a fourth time in 2005.

Balcatta is in Perth.

Electoral district of Burns Beach

Burns Beach is an electoral district of Western Australia. It was created in 2017.

Burns Beach is in Perth.

Electoral district of Butler

Butler is an electoral district of Western Australia. It was created in 2013.

Butler is in Perth.

Electoral district of Carine

Carine is an electoral district of Western Australia. It was created in 1996.

Carine is in Perth.

Michael Jones

Michael Alexander Jones is a cricketer from Scotland. He plays for the Scotland national cricket team. He was born on January 5, 1998.

Electoral district of Churchlands

Churchlands is an electoral district of Western Australia. Ir was created in 1996.

Churchlands is in Perth.

Richie Berrington

Richard Douglas Berrington is a cricketer from Scotland. He plays for the Scotland national cricket team. He was born on April 3, 1987.

John Blain

John Angus Rae Blain is a first-class cricketer from Scotland. He plays for the Scotland national cricket team. He was born on January 4, 1979.

Arthur Shannos

Arthur Shannos was a weightlifter from Australia. Arthur competed at the 1960 Summer Olympics and the 1964 Summer Olympics. He was born on 4 March 1938 and died on 1 September 2002.

Charles Garzarella

Charles Garzarella is a retired weightlifter from Australia. Charles competed at the 1988 Summer Olympics. He was born on 10 September 1964.

Luigi Fratangelo

Luigi Fratangelo is a weightlifter from Australia. Luigi competed at the 1980 Summer Olympics. He was born on 14 July 1958.

Daryl Cohen

Daryl Cohen was an weightlifter from Australia. Daryl competed at the 1960 Summer Olympics. He was born on October 12 July 1935 and died on 4 March 2016.

Nick Ciancio

Nick Ciancio is a weightlifter from Australia. Nick competed at the 1972 Summer Olympics. He was born on 21 February 1947.

Keith Caple

Keith Caple was a weightlifter from Australia. Keith competed at the 1948 Summer Olympics and the 1956 Summer Olympics. He was born on 6 May 1923 and died on 29 November 2006.

Chris Rae

Chris Rae is a retired weightlifter from Australia. Chris competed at the 2000 Summer Olympics. He was born on 20 July 1980.

Basilios Stellios

Basilios "Bill" Stellios is a retired weightlifter from Australia. Basilios competed at the 1980 Summer Olympics and the 1984 Summer Olympics. He was born on 16 April 1959.

George Vassiliadis

George Vassiliadis is a weightlifter from Australia. George competed at the 1972 Summer Olympics. He was born on 14 December 1949.

Stephen Wyatt

Stephen Wyatt is a weightlifter from Australia. Stephen competed at the 1976 Summer Olympics. He was born on 26 March 1950.

Johnny Nguyen

Johnny Nguyen is a retired weightlifter from Australia. Johnny competed at the 1996 Summer Olympics. He was born on 6 March 1975.

Lorenzo Orsini

Lorenzo Orsini is a retired weightlifter from Australia. Lorenzo competed at the 1980 Summer Olympics. He was born on 31 October 1959.

Ray Magee

Ray Magee was a weightlifter from Australia. Ray competed at the 1948 Summer Olympics. He was born on 31 January 1918 and died on 19 April 1999.

Antonio Marguccio

Antonio Marguccio is a weightlifter from Australia. Antonio competed at the 1964 Summer Olympics. He was born on 24 May 1940.

Ron Laycock

Ron Laycock is a retired weightlifter from Australia. Ron competed at the 1988 Summer Olympics and the 1992 Summer Olympics. He was born on 18 October 1965.

Fred Baugh

Frederick "Fred" Baugh was a weightlifter from Australia. Frederick competed at the 1956 Summer Olympics. He was born in 1925 and died in 2007.

Donald Bayley

Donald William "Don" Bayley was a weightlifter from Australia. Donald competed at the 1960 Summer Olympics. He was born on 9 October 1931 and died on 5 May 1983.

Tony Pignone

Tony Pignone is a retired weightlifter from Australia. Tony competed at the 1984 Summer Olympics. He was born on 18 March 1960.

Alan Oshyer

Alan Oshyer was a weightlifter from Australia. Alan competed at the 1960 Summer Olympics. He was born on 26 July 1939 and died in 2002.

Gregory Hayman

Gregory Hayman is an retired weightlifter from Australia. Gregory competed at the 1988 Summer Olympics. He was born on 21 December 1957.

Joseph Haydar

Joseph Haydar is a weightlifter from Australia. Joseph competed at the 1964 Summer Olympics. He was born on 18 November 1938.

Paul Harrison

Paul Harrison (born 11 December 1966) is a retired weightlifter from Australia. Paul competed at the 1988 Summer Olympics. He was born on 11 December 1966.

Moondance (movie)

Moondance is a 1995 Irish German British drama movie directed by Dagmar Hirtz and was based on the 1936 novel The White Hare by Francis Stuart. It stars Rúaidhrí Conroy, Ian Shaw, Marianne Faithfull, Julia Brendler, Brendan Grace, Gerard McSorley and Joan O'Hara.


Pielavesi

Pielavesi is a municipality in Northern Savonia, Finland. As of 28 February 2023, 4,137 people lived there. Neighbouring municipalities are Iisalmi, Keitele, Kiuruvesi, Maaninka, Pihtipudas, Pyhäjärvi and Tervo.


Kiuruvesi

Kiuruvesi is a town in Northern Savonia, Finland. As of 28 February 2023, 7,578 people lived there. Neighbouring municipalities are Iisalmi, Pielavesi, Pyhäjärvi, Pyhäntä and Vieremä.


Bad Sneakers

"Bad Sneakers" is a 1975 song by Steely Dan and is the second single from their fourth studio album "Katy Lied". It is the B-side to the single "Chain Lightning".

Michael McDonald sang the song are some of his band for the first time and continued to perform until 1980.

Graeme Hall

Graeme Hall was a weightlifter from Australia. Graeme competed at the 1964 Summer Olympics. He was born on 9 February 1942 and died on 4 February 2015.

Yvan Darsigny

Yvan Darsigny is a retired weightlifter from Canada. Yvan competed at the 1984 Summer Olympics and the 1992 Summer Olympics. He was born on 2 March 1966.

Arzignano

Arzignano is an Italian city in Veneto. About 25,000 people live there.

Jeffrey Bryce

Jeffrey Bryce is a retired weightlifter from Great Britain. Jeffrey competed at the 1980 Summer Olympics. He was born on 28 April 1948.

Gilbert Ojadi Aduche

Gilbert Ojadi Aduche is a weightlifter from Nigeria. Gilbert competed at the 1988 Summer Olympics and the 1992 Summer Olympics. He was born on 29 September 1965.

Collins Okothnyawallo

Collins Okothnyawallo is a retired weightlifter from Kenya. Collins competed at the 1996 Summer Olympics. He was born on 9 May 1973.

Housing in the United Kingdom

About 30% of homes in the United Kingdom are owned outright by the people who live in them. About 40% are owned by people with a mortgage. About 18% are social housing of some kind. About 12% are privately rented from private landlords.

There were about 24.9 million dwellings in England in 2021

In July 2023 Rishi Sunak announced plans to build homes in city centres and reduce planning restrictions so that a million homes would be built before the next General Election.

In 2020 there were about 2.6 million dwellings in Scotland. About 58% were owner-occupied. 4% were empty or second homes. 15% were private rented or rent free. 23% were social rented.

In 2021:


There has long been resentment of second home owners in Wales, and this is partly because of the effect on prices and partly about protecting the Welsh language. About two hundred holiday homes were burned down in the 1980s and 90s. The Welsh government has altered the planning, property and taxation rules to discourage second homes. 

There were 822,083 homes in 2022. 45% were owned outright, and 28% with a mortgage. 13% of properties were privately rented and 4% were rented from housing associations. 9% were rented from the Northern Ireland Housing Executive.

In 2023, the average price for a home was about £286,500. This was one of the highest prices in Europe. In 1983 it took an average couple three years to save for a deposit. In 2023 it took nine, or 15 in London. 54% got money from their parents. People whose parents did not own their home were much less likely to be able to buy. 

The number of households in the private rented sector in the UK went up from 2.8 million in 2007 to 4.5 million in 2017. Most of these are people under 40. In 2023 241,000 homes were available for renting, 35% less than in June 2019. Rents went up by 23% in the same time. About 40% of renters had difficulty paying their rent in 2023. On average, renters spent 21% of their disposable income on rent. Most of the landlords have buy-to-let mortgages. Rising interest rates cause them problems. About 100,000 buy-to-let properties were sold in 2022. 

See Council house 

Angermünde

Angermünde is a town in Uckermark in Brandenburg, Germany. It is about northeast of Berlin, the nation's capital. About 14,000 people live there.


Chua Koon Siong

Chua Koon Siong is a retired weightlifter from Singapore. Chua competed at the 1976 Summer Olympics. He was born on 27 August 1948.

Rory Barrett

John Rory Barrett is a weightlifter from New Zealand. John competed at the 1976 Summer Olympics. He was born on 31 December 1945.

Adrien Gilbert

Adrien Gilbert was a weightlifter from Canada. Adrien competed at the 1956 Summer Olympics. He was born on 10 September 1931 and died on 1 January 2010.

Fred Giffin

Fred Giffin was a weightlifter from Australia. Fred competed at the 1952 Summer Olympics. He was born on 19 April 1920 and died on 10 May 1999.

Cavargna

Cavargna is a "comune" in the Province of Como in the Lombardy region in Italy. 

Valsolda

Valsolda is a "comune" in the Province of Como in the Lombardy region in Italy. It is on the border with Switzerland.


Val Rezzo

Val Rezzo is a "comune" in the Province of Como in the Lombardy region in Italy.

Porlezza

Porlezza is a "comune" in the Province of Como in the Lombardy region in Italy.

Carlazzo

Carlazzo is a "comune" in the Province of Como in the Lombardy region in Italy.

San Nazzaro Val Cavargna

San Nazzaro Val Cavargna is a "comune" in the Province of Como in the Lombardy region in Italy.

Garzeno

Garzeno is a "comune" in the Province of Como in the Lombardy region in Italy.

San Bartolomeo Val Cavargna

San Bartolomeo Val Cavargna is a "comune" in the Province of Como in the Lombardy region in Italy.

Cusino

Cusino is a "comune" in the Province of Como in the Lombardy region in Italy.

Barry Engelbrecht

Barry Engelbrecht was a weightlifter from South Africa. Barry competed at the 1952 Summer Olympics. He was born on 8 September 1924 and died in 1982.

Grandola ed Uniti

Grandola ed Uniti is a "comune" in the Province of Como in the Lombardy region in Italy.

Jack Varaleau

Jack Varaleau was a weightlifter from Canada. Jack competed at the 1948 Summer Olympics and the 1952 Summer Olympics. He was born on 22 May 1922 and died on 27 November 2004.

Plesio

Plesio is a "comune" in the Province of Como in the Lombardy region in Italy.

Chander Narayanan

Chander Narayanan is a retired boxer from India. Chander competed at the 1972 Summer Olympics. He was born on 18 August 1947.

Menaggio

Menaggio is a "comune" in the Province of Como in the Lombardy region in Italy, with Lierna, Varenna, Fiumelatte and Bellagio it is part of the Central Lake Como area. It is on the western shore of Lake Como.

Menaggio in part of the Center Lake Como (), which includes the most important and luxurious area of Lake Como, known for its peculiar position at the intersection of the three branches of the water basin, "Y-shaped" with Bellagio in the centre embracing the "Borgo" ancient villages ranging from Lierna to Sala Comacina in the south to Menaggio and Varenna in the north. The most important towns in this area are Bellagio, Lierna, Fiumelatte, Varenna, Menaggio, Olcio, Limonta, Vergonese, Cadenabbia, Perledo, Sala Comacina, Lenno, Azzano, Griante, Perledo, Visgnola, Ossuccio, San Giovanni (Bellagio), Tremezzina, Tremezzo.



Cremia

Cremia is a "comune" in the Province of Como in the Lombardy region in Italy.

Bene Lario

Bene Lario is a "comune" in the Province of Como in the Lombardy region in Italy.

Lezzeno

Lezzeno is a "comune" in the Province of Como in the Lombardy region in Italy.

Ossuccio

Ossuccio was a "comune" in the Province of Como in the Lombardy region in Italy. It is on the western shore of Lake Como, about northeast of Como. On 4 February 2014, the former municipalities of Lenno, Mezzegra, Ossuccio and Tremezzo merged to form the new municipality of Tremezzina, with Lierna, Varenna, Menaggio, and Bellagio, it is part of the Central Lake Como area.

The highly coveted luxury locale is the central region of Lake Como, offering breathtaking views from the iconic tip of Bellagio to the picturesque expanses encompassing Tremezzo, Griante, Menaggio, Lierna, Fiumelatte, and Varenna.

Apartments in this sought-after area command prices ranging from 5,000 to 7,000 euros per square meter, with select penthouses fetching as much as 25,000 euros per meter. Non-independent villas typically range between 10,000 and 15,000 euros, while independent villas with lake views can exceed 25,000 euros per square meter. For rentals, a space of 80 square meters may incur costs of up to 7,500 euros per month, excluding condominium fees.

Lake Como has evolved today into a super-exclusive neighborhood of Milan, embodying opulence and sophistication in its real estate landscape.

Mezzegra

Mezzegra was a "comune" in the Province of Como in the Lombardy region in Italy with Lierna, Varenna, Menaggio, and Bellagio, it is part of the Central Lake Como area. On 4 February 2014, the former municipalities of Lenno, Mezzegra, Ossuccio and Tremezzo merged to form the new municipality of Tremezzina.

The highly coveted luxury locale is the central region of Lake Como, offering breathtaking views from the iconic tip of Bellagio to the picturesque expanses encompassing Tremezzo, Griante, Menaggio, Lierna, Fiumelatte, and Varenna.

Apartments in this sought-after area command prices ranging from 5,000 to 7,000 euros per square meter, with select penthouses fetching as much as 25,000 euros per meter. Non-independent villas typically range between 10,000 and 15,000 euros, while independent villas with lake views can exceed 25,000 euros per square meter. For rentals, a space of 80 square meters may incur costs of up to 7,500 euros per month, excluding condominium fees.

Lake Como has evolved today into a super-exclusive neighborhood of Milan, embodying opulence and sophistication in its real estate landscape.

Tremezzo

Tremezzo was a "comune" in the Province of Como in the Lombardy region in Italy. On 4 February 2014, the former municipalities of Lenno, Mezzegra, Ossuccio and Tremezzo merged to form the new municipality of Tremezzina, with Lierna, Varenna, Menaggio, and Bellagio, it is part of the Central Lake Como area.

The highly coveted luxury locale is the central region of Lake Como, offering breathtaking views from the iconic tip of Bellagio to the picturesque expanses encompassing Tremezzo, Griante, Menaggio, Lierna, Fiumelatte, and Varenna.

Apartments in this sought-after area command prices ranging from 5,000 to 7,000 euros per square meter, with select penthouses fetching as much as 25,000 euros per meter. Non-independent villas typically range between 10,000 and 15,000 euros, while independent villas with lake views can exceed 25,000 euros per square meter. For rentals, a space of 80 square meters may incur costs of up to 7,500 euros per month, excluding condominium fees.

Lake Como has evolved today into a super-exclusive neighborhood of Milan, embodying opulence and sophistication in its real estate landscape.

Tremezzina

Tremezzina is a "comune" in the Province of Como in the Lombardy region in Italy, with Lierna, Varenna, Menaggio, and Bellagio, it is part of the Central Lake Como area. It was created on 4 February 2014 from a merger of the comunes of Lenno, Mezzegra, Ossuccio and Tremezzo.

The most requested luxury area is the Lake Como center which overlooks the iconic tip of Bellagio and goes from Tremezzo, Griante, Menaggio to Lierna, Fiumelatte and Varenna.
The cost for apartment need from 5,000 to 7,000 euros per square meter, even if some penthouse have been sold for 25,000 euros per metre, the not indipendent villa need between 10 to 15.000, the indipendent villa with lake view more them 25.000 for square metered; when renting, the cost of 80 square meters can reach 7,500 euros per month (excluding condominium costs).
Lake Como today is consider a super exclusive neighborhood of Milan.

Jonathan Kiriisa

Jonathan Kiriisa is a boxer from Uganda. Jonathan competed at the 1984 Summer Olympics. He was born on 23 June 1959.

John Nderu

John Nderu was a boxer from Kenya. John competed at the 1972 Summer Olympics. He was born on 18 May 1946 and died on 17 August 2017.

Borgo Ticino

Borgo Ticino is a "comune" in the Province of Novara in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Borgolavezzaro

Borgolavezzaro is a "comune" in the Province of Novara in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Briona

Briona is a "comune" in the Province of Novara in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Montferrier-sur-Lez

Montferrier-sur-Lez () is a commune of 4,014 people (2020). It is in Occitanie in the Hérault department in south France.

Castelnuovo Rangone

Castelnuovo Rangone is a "comune" in the Province of Modena in the Emilia-Romagna region in Italy.

Shelter (charity)

Shelter is a registered charity that campaigns for tenants rights in Great Britain. It started in 1966 by Bruce Kenrick and Des Wilson after Cathy Come Home had been on BBC television. 

It gives people advice about housing and runs campaigns. 

Roman Szewczyk

Roman Szewczyk (born 18 March 1965 in Bytom) is a former Polish football player. He played 37 times for Poland, scoring 3 goals.
Roman Szewczyk started at Szombierki Bytom. From the 1982/83 season he played in the first Polish league. He scored 23 goals in 185 Matches. 1989 he moved to Śląsk Wrocław for a year. Then he won the Polish Cup with GKS Katowice in 1991 and 1993.

1993 he went to FC Sochaux in the second French division .1996 he went to SV Austria Salzburg in the Austrian football Bundesliga. With Austria Salzburg he won the Austrian championship and the Supercup in the 1996/97 season. After the 2003/04 season he retired due to injuries.

From 2004 to 2006 Szewczyk he played as amateur player for UFV Thalgau. 2006/07 he was youth coach at FC Red Bull Salzburg. In the 2007/08 season Szewczyk played for FC Bergheim.2013 to 2015 he was coach of Bergheim II. Then he was assistance coach for USV Elixhausen till 2016.


Cathy Come Home

"Cathy Come Home" was a 1966 BBC television play about homelessness. It was written by Jeremy Sandford, produced by Tony Garnett and directed by Ken Loach. A 1998 "Radio Times" readers' poll voted it the "best single television drama" and a 2000 industry poll rated it as the second-best British television programme ever made. Filmed in a gritty, realistic drama documentary style, it was first seen on 16 November 1966 in the BBC's "The Wednesday Play" slot, which often tackled social issues.

2024 endorsements in the California U.S. Senate Race

Here are the endorsements for each major candidate in the 2024 U.S. Senate election in California

Barbara Lee


Jonesborough, Tennessee

Jonesborough is a town in the U.S. state of Tennessee. It is the county seat of Washington County.

Malia Cohen

Malia Cohen is an American politician who served as the California State Controller. She is a member of the Democratic Party. Cohen's tenure as State Controller was marked by her focus on fiscal responsibility and accountability in managing California's finances. She worked to ensure transparency in government spending and prioritized efficiency in financial operations. Throughout her career, Cohen has been an advocate for social and economic equity, promoting policies that address income inequality and provide opportunities for all Californians. Her leadership and commitment to public service have made her a respected figure within the Democratic Party.

San Francisco Board of Supervisors

The San Francisco Board of Supervisors is the legislative body governing the City and County of San Francisco in California, United States. Comprised of 11 members, each representing a specific district within the city, the Board of Supervisors is responsible for enacting laws, making policy decisions, and overseeing various aspects of local governance. They work collectively to address issues ranging from land use and transportation to public safety and social services. The Board of Supervisors plays a crucial role in shaping the policies and priorities that impact the residents of San Francisco, striving to create a vibrant and inclusive community.

Afrobeats

Afrobeats is a kind of music that people sing in West Africa.

Galway Girl

"Galway Girl" is a 2017 song by English singer-songwriter Ed Sheeran and is the third single from his third studio album "÷". The song topped the single charts in Iceland, Ireland and Slovenia. It went to the top 10 in Australia, Austria, Belgium, the Czech Republic, Denmark, Finland, Germany, Hungary, the Netherlands, New Zealand, Norway, Poland, Slovakia, Sweden, Switzerland and the United Kingdom and went to the top 20 in Canada, France, Italy, Malaysia and Portugal. It did poorly in the chart in the United States and in Japan where it made #53 and #67. It is a Irish folk song.

The music video was shot in Galway, Ireland. It was uploaded to YouTube on 3 May 2017. As of January 2023, the music video has over 568 million views.

The music video features Irish actress Saoirse Ronan.

Salmbach

Salmbach is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Sand, Bas-Rhin

Sand is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Sarre-Union

Sarre-Union is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Sarrewerden

Sarrewerden is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Saulxures, Bas-Rhin

Saulxures is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Bluff City, Tennessee

Bluff City is a city in Sullivan County, Tennessee, United States.

Schaeffersheim

Schaeffersheim is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Schaffhouse-près-Seltz

Schaffhouse-près-Seltz is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Rocky Mountain National Park

Rocky Mountain National Park is an American national park in north Colorado. It is a bit northwest of Denver. It is in the Front Range of the Rocky Mountains. The park is between the towns of Estes Park to the east and Grand Lake to the west. The Continental Divide goes through the middle of the park, and the headwaters of the Colorado River are in the northwest area of the park. People mostly go to the park to see the mountains and alpine lakes. The also go there to see the many types of wildlife within different climates and environments in the area.

President Woodrow Wilson said yes to the Rocky Mountain National Park Act on January 26, 1915. This set the borders for the park. It also protected the area for future generations. The Civilian Conservation Corps built the park's main road, Trail Ridge Road, in the 1930s. In 1976, UNESCO made the park one of the first World Biosphere Reserves. In 2018, more than 4.5 million people visited the park. The park is one of the most visited parks in the National Park System. It was the third most visited national park in 2015. In 2019, the park had 4,678,804 visitors, which was a 44% increase from the number in 2012.

The park has five visitor centers. The park headquarters is located at the Beaver Meadows Visitor Center. That visitor center is a National Historic Landmark. National Forests are on all sides of the national park. These include Roosevelt National Forest, Routt National Forest, and Arapaho National Forest. The Indian Peaks Wilderness area is south of the park.

Gäufelden

Gäufelden is a municipality in Böblingen in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.

Grafenau, Württemberg

Grafenau is a municipality in Böblingen in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.

Hildrizhausen

Hildrizhausen is a municipality in Böblingen in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.

Magstadt

Magstadt is a municipality in Böblingen in Baden-Württemberg, Germany. It is between Renningen and Sindelfingen.

Grand Lake, Colorado

The Town of Grand Lake is a statutory town in Grand County, Colorado. It is near Rocky Mountain National Park. The population was 410 at the 2020 census.

Mötzingen

Mötzingen is a municipality in Böblingen in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.

Since February 2008, Marcel Hagenlocher is the mayor of Mötzingen. He is the successor of Thomas Sprißler (born 1966), a mayor of Mötzingen from 1994 to 2008.

Renningen

Renningen is a town in Böblingen in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.

Rutesheim

Rutesheim is a town in Böblingen in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.

Schönaich

Schönaich is a municipality in Böblingen in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.

Steinenbronn

Steinenbronn is a municipality in Böblingen in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.

Waldenbuch

Waldenbuch is a town in Böblingen in Baden-Württemberg, Germany. It is known for its chocolate brand Ritter Sport.

Waldenbuch is at an elevation reaching from 340 to 460 meters on the northern edge of Schönbuch forest. It is 16 km south of Stuttgart.

Waldenbuch has following districts of Sonnenhang, Kalkofen, Weilerberg, Glashütte, Stadtkern ("Städtle"), Liebenau and Hasenhof.


Boutique Air

Boutique Air, Inc. is a commuter airline based in San Francisco, California. The airline offers charter services as well as scheduled passenger services subsidized under the Essential Air Service program. Boutique operates the second-largest PC-12 fleet in the United States with 26 aircraft. 

Hubs: Dallas/Fort Worth International Airport, Denver International Airport

Founded: May 16, 2007

Owner: CEO Shawn Simpson boutiqueair.com

AOC #: 2B5A106N

Fleet size: 26

Headquarters: San Francisco, California, U.S

[CURRENT INFO AS OF JULY 14, 2023]

Reeyot Alemu

Reeyot Alemu is an Ethiopian journalist. She was in prison for five years because of an unfair trial. In the trial, anti-terrorism laws were used to stop her from writing. She won the UNESCO/Guillermo Cano World Press Freedom Prize in 2013.

Reeyot Alemu was born in 1980. She was a high school teacher until 2000. In 2000, she started working as a columnist for a few local newspapers. In 2010, she made her own publishing house and became the editor in chief of her own magazine called "Change". They were both closed. She wrote about social and political problems. She also wrote about poverty and gender.

In June 2011, she was arrested for terrorism. She was sentenced to 14 years in prison. She also had to pay a fine of 33,000 birrs (US$1,850).

In August 2012, an appeals court changed the amount of time she would be in prison from fourteen years to five years. She was at Kaliti Prison for those five years.

Reeyot was let out on July 9, 2015 after being in prison for four years.

In 2012, the International Women's Media Foundation (IWMF) gave her a Courage in Journalism Award in absentia for not censoring herself, even though it could get her out of prison.

In May 2013, she was given the UNESCO/Guillermo Cano World Press Freedom Prize for her courage.

Weil im Schönbuch

Weil im Schönbuch is a municipality in Böblingen in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.

Weissach

Weissach is a municipality in Böblingen in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.

The Weissach axle is named after the municipality, where the research centre of Porsche is found. The Porsche 918 Spyder sports car was developed in Weissach.




Ponna

Ponna is a "comune" in the Province of Como in the Lombardy region in Italy. 

Laino

Laino is a "comune" in the Province of Como in the Lombardy region in Italy.

Centro Valle Intelvi

Centro Valle Intelvi is a "comune" in the Province of Como in the Lombardy region in Italy. It was created on 1 January 2018 from the former municipalities of Casasco d'Intelvi, Castiglione d'Intelvi and San Fedele Intelvi.

Casasco d'Intelvi

Casasco d'Intelvi was a "comune" in the Province of Como in the Lombardy region in Italy. On 1 January 2018, the former municipalities of Casasco d'Intelvi, Castiglione d'Intelvi and San Fedele Intelvi merged to form the new municipality of Centro Valle Intelvi.

Castiglione d'Intelvi

Castiglione d'Intelvi was a "comune" in the Province of Como in the Lombardy region in Italy. On 1 January 2018, the former municipalities of Casasco d'Intelvi, Castiglione d'Intelvi and San Fedele Intelvi merged to form the new municipality of Centro Valle Intelvi.

San Fedele Intelvi

San Fedele Intelvi was a "comune" in the Province of Como in the Lombardy region in Italy. On 1 January 2018, the former municipalities of Casasco d'Intelvi, Castiglione d'Intelvi and San Fedele Intelvi merged to form the new municipality of Centro Valle Intelvi.

I-League 2

I-League 2 is a professional men's third level football league in India, below the I-League and above I-League 3.

Football Sports Development Limited

Football Sports Development Limited is an Indian company that organize the Indian Super League as commercial partner of All India Football Federation.

Federation Cup (India)

The Federation Cup, is one of the oldest knockout football cup competition in men's domestic Indian football. It is organized by the All India Football Federation from 1977.

Tatu Chionga

Tatu Chionga is a boxer from Malawi. Tatu competed at the 1972 Summer Olympics. He was born on 1 March 1944.

Joe Martey

Joe Martey is a boxer from Ghana. Joe competed at the 1968 Summer Olympics. He was born on 23 June 1944.

Errol West

Errol West is a boxer from Jamaica. Errol competed at the 1968 Summer Olympics. He was born on 16 November 1947.

Danie Venter

Daniel Jan "Danie" Venter is a professional boxer from South Africa. Danie competed at the 2000 Summer Olympics. He was born on 27 March 1979.

Michel Dion

Michel Dion is a retired sports shooter from Canada. Michel competed at the 1992 Summer Olympics and the 1996 Summer Olympics. He was born on 30 June 1959.

Don Kwasnycia

Don Kwasnycia is a sports shooter from Canada. Don competed at the 1988 Summer Olympics. He was born on 30 April 1952.

John Farrell

John Campbell Farrell is a retired sports shooter from New Zealand. John competed at the 1988 Summer Olympics. He was born on 30 July 1954.

Alec Crikis

Alec Crikis was a sports shooter from Australia. Alec competed at the 1984 Summer Olympics. He was born on 22 December 1944 and died on 10 April 2016.

Rajinder Kumar Vij

Rajinder Kumar Vij is a sports shooter from India. Rajinder competed at the 1984 Summer Olympics. He was born on 15 July 1939.

Thomas Allen

Thomas Allen is a retired sports shooter from Northern Ireland. Thomas competed at the 1996 Summer Olympics. He was born on 20 November 1953.

Solomon Lee

Solomon Lee Kui Nang is a retired sports shooter from Hong Kong. Solomon competed at the 1976 Summer Olympics and the 1984 Summer Olympics. He was born on 6 June 1936.

Víctor Guaglianone

Víctor Guaglianone is a retired footballer from Uruguay. Víctor played for the Uruguay national team. He was born on 24 September 1936.

Anil Kumar

Anil Kumar (born 27 October 1971) is a wrestler from India. Anil competed at the 1992 Summer Olympics. He was born on 27 October 1971.

Isaac Jacob

Isaac Jacob is a retired wrestler from Nigeria. Isaac competed at the 1996 Summer Olympics. He was born on 25 October 1973.

Jackson Bidei

Jackson Bidei is a retired wrestler from Nigeria. Jackson competed at the 1988 Summer Olympics. He was born on 10 October 1957.

Steve Daniar

Stephen "Steve" Daniar is a retired wrestler from Canada. Stephen competed at the 1976 Summer Olympics. He was born on 18 July 1955.

Meyzieu

Meyzieu is a large suburb of Lyon, France. It is 13 kilometres from the city centre.

Muhammad Yaghoub

Muhammad Yaghoub is a wrestler from Pakistan. Muhammad competed at the 1972 Summer Olympics. He was born on 10 January 1947.

The Telegraph

The Telegraph, Daily Telegraph, Sunday Telegraph and other variant names are popular names for newspapers. Newspapers with these titles include:







Sidney Marsh

Sidney Marsh is a retired wrestler from Australia. Sidney competed at the 1964 Summer Olympics and the 1968 Summer Olympics. He was born on 31 August 1939.

Tony Ries Jr.

Anthony "Tony" Ries Jr. is a wrestler from South Africa. Anthony competed at the 1960 Summer Olympics. He was born on 27 September 1939.

Kevyn Webb

Kevyn Parke Webb was a rower from Australia. Kevyn competed at the 1960 Summer Olympics. He was born 21 March 1924 and died 15 November 1990.

Kenneth Sully

Kenneth Sully is a diver from Canada. Kenneth competed at the 1968 Summer Olympics and the 1972 Summer Olympics. He was born 28 November 1950.

Bruno Fournier

Bruno Michel Fournier is a retired diver from Canada. Bruno competed at the 1992 Summer Olympics. He was born on 10 January 1967.

Chan Siu Kwong

Chan Siu Kwong is a retired badminton player from Hong Kong. Chan competed at the 1992 Summer Olympics and the 1996 Summer Olympics. He was born on 30 May 1966.

Raman Subramanyan

Raman Subramanyan is a table tennis player from India. Raman competed at the 2000 Summer Olympics. He was born 23 June 1969.

Electoral district of Hillarys

Hillarys is an electoral district of Western Australia. It was created in 1996.

Hillarys is in Perth.

Electoral district of Joondalup

Joondalup is an electoral district of Western Australia. It was created in 1983, abolished in 1989 and recreated in 1996.

Electoral district of Kingsley

Kingsley is an electoral district of Western Australia. It was created in 1989.

Kingsley is in Perth.

Beverley Rose

Beverley Rose is a retired swimmer from England. Beverley competed in at the 1984 Summer Olympics. She was born on 21 January 1964.

Electoral district of Landsdale

Landsdale is an electoral district of Western Australia. It was created in 2021.

Landsdale is in Perth.

Ruth Kyalisima

Ruth Kyalisima is a sprinter from Uganda. Ruth competed at the 1984 Summer Olympics and at the 1988 Summer Olympics. She was born on 21 November 1955.

Electoral district of Nedlands

Nedlands is an electoral district of Western Australia. It was created in 1930.

Nedlands is in Perth.

Rachel Leblanc-Bazinet

Rachel Leblanc-Bazinet is a weightlifter from Canada. Rachel competed at the 2018 Commonwealth Games. She was born on 10 October 1988.

Olusola Awosina

Olusola Awosina is a weightlifter from Nigeria. Olusola competed at the 1988 Summer Olympics. He was born on 2 October 1970.

Electoral district of Perth

Perth is an electoral district of Western Australia. It was created in 1890, abolished in 1950 and recreated in 1962.

Perth is in Perth.

Evelyn Ebhomien

Evelyn Ebhomien is a weightlifter from Nigeria. Evelyn competed at the 2000 Summer Olympics. She was born on 15 February 1981.

Electoral district of Scarborough

Scarborough is an electoral district of Western Australia. It was created in 1974, abolished in 1996 and recreated in 2008.

Scarborough is in Perth.

Electoral district of Wanneroo

Wanneroo is an electoral district of Western Australia. It was created in 1989.

Wanneroo is in Perth.

Hazel Ouwehand

Vanessa Hazel Ouwehand is a swimmer from New Zealand. Vanessa competed at the 2018 FINA World Swimming Championships (25 m).

Electoral district of Baldivis

Baldivis is an electoral district of Western Australia. It was created in 2017.

Baldivis is in Perth.

Sunday Mathias

Sunday Mathias is a retired weightlifter from Nigeria. Sunday competed at the 2000 Summer Olympics. He was born on 1 October 1980.

Electoral district of Bateman

Bateman is an electoral district of Western Australia. It was created in 2008.

Bateman is in Perth.

Electoral district of Bicton

Bicton is an electoral district of Western Australia. It was created in 2017.

Bicton is in Perth.

Electoral district of Cannington

Cannington is an electoral district of Western Australia. It was created in 2008.

Cannington is in Perth.

Sydney Ikebaku

Sydney Ikebaku is a weightlifter from Nigeria. Sydney competed at the 1980 Summer Olympics. He was born on 24 May 1956.

Electoral district of Cockburn

Cockburn is an electoral district of Western Australia. It was created in 1962.

Cockburn is in Perth.

Cornelia Rickert

Cornelia Rickert is a retired volleyball player from East Germany. Cornelia competed at the 1976 Summer Olympics. She was born on 30 July 1954.

Electoral district of Fremantle

Fremantle is an electoral district of Western Australia. It was created in 1890.

Fremantle is in Perth.

Bruno Huger

Bruno Huger (born 10 August 1962) is a retired racing cyclist from France. Bruno rode in the 1986 Tour de France.

Ernesto Gutiérrez

Ernesto Gutiérrez was a footballer from Argentina. Ernesto played for the Argentina national football team. He was born on 9 November 1927 and died on 9 December 2006.

Wilmer Gómez

Wilmer Gómez (born 15 May 1951) is a footballer from Ecuador. Wilmer played for the Ecuador national football team in 1975.

Jeff Greenwood

Jeffrey John "Jeff" Greenwood is a retired snowboarder from USA. Jeffrey competed at the 2002 Winter Olympics. He was born on 15 May 1975.

Ron Chiodi

Ron Chiodi is a retired snowboarder from USA. Ron competed at the 1998 Winter Olympics. He was born on 24 November 1974.

Peter Thorndike

Peter Thorndike is a snowboarder from USA. Peter competed at the 2002 Winter Olympics. He was born on 4 October 1977.

PJ Moor

Peter Joseph Moor (born 2 February 1991) is a cricketer from Zimbabwe. He plays for the Ireland cricket team. He was born on February 2, 1991.

Lee Hui-sol

Lee Hui-sol is a weightlifter from South Korea. Lee competed at the 2016 Summer Olympics. She was born on 27 August 1989.

Victor Asirvatham

Victor Asirvatham was a sprinter from Malaysia. Victor competed at the 1964 Summer Olympics and the 1968 Summer Olympics. He was born on 25 September 1940 and died on 11 May 2021.

Roberto Luco

Roberto Santiago Luco Belmar (9 January 1907 – 16 August 1974) was a footballer from Chile. He played for the Chile national football team.

Ellie Baker

Ellie Baker (born 3 June 1998) is a athlete from United Kingdom. She competed at the 2019 European Athletics U23 Championships and 2017 European Athletics U20 Championships.

Jona

Jona may refer to:




Ben Hill

Benjamin Hill (born 5 February 1990) is a cyclist from Australia. Benjamin rode for UCI Continental team.

Deusdedit Muhumuza

Deusdedit Muhumuza is a cricketer from Uganda. He is the captain of the Uganda national cricket team. He was born on September 30, 1989.

Graham Hume

Graham Ian Hume is a cricketer from South Africa. He plays for the Ireland cricket team. He was born on November 23, 1990.

Alby

Alby may refer to:






Checkpoint

Checkpoint may refer to:









William Peatfield

William Peatfield is a cricketer from Guernsey. He plays for the Guernsey cricket team. He was born on December 6, 1990.

Misunderstanding

Misunderstanding may refer to:

Tom Nightingale

Tom Nightingale is a cricketer from Guernsey. He plays for the Guernsey cricket team. He was born on May 16, 1998.

Oliver Nightingale

Oliver Nightingale is a cricketer from Guernsey. He plays for the Guernsey cricket team. He was born on July 3, 1995.

Ben Ferbrache

Ben Ferbrache is a cricketer from Guernsey. Ben plays for the Guernsey cricket team. He was born on March 18, 1988.

David Hooper

David Hooper is a cricketer from Guernsey. David plays for the Guernsey cricket team. He was born on March 31, 1991.

Isaac Damarell

Isaac Damarell is a cricketer from Guernsey. Isaac plays for Guernsey cricket team. He was born on February 21, 1994.

Luke Le Tissier

Luke Le Tissier is a cricketer from Guernsey. Luke plays for the Guernsey cricket team. He was born on July 16, 1996.

Electoral district of Jandakot

Jandakot is an electoral district of Western Australia. It was created in 1989, abolished in 1996 and recreated in 2008.

Jandakot is in Perth.

Josh Butler

Josh Butler is a cricketer from Guernsey. Josh plays for the Guernsey cricket team. He was born on August 8, 1996.

Katherine Sciver-Brunt

Katherine Helen Sciver-Brunt is a cricketer from England. Katherine plays for the England women's cricket team. She was born on July 2, 1985.

Electoral district of Kwinana

Kwinana is an electoral district of Western Australia. It was created in 2008.

Kwinana is in Perth.

Wytopitlock, Maine

Wytopitlock is an unincorporated village in Reed Plantation, Aroostook County, Maine, United States. It is located on the Mattawamkeag River and Maine State Route 171 serves this village.

Ruth Roberta de Souza

Ruth Roberta de Souza was a basketball player from Brazil. Ruth competed at the 1992 Summer Olympics. She was born on 3 October 1968 and died on 13 April 2021.

Electoral district of Riverton

Riverton is an electoral district of Western Australia. It was created in 1989.

Riverton is in Perth.

Electoral district of Rockingham

Rockingham is an electoral district of Western Australia. It was created in 1974.

Rockingham is in Perth.

Jim Nestor

Edward James Nestor was a cyclist from Australia. Edward competed at the 1948 Summer Olympics and 1956 Summer Olympics. He was born on 12 January 1920 and died on 16 June 2010.

Electoral district of South Perth

South Perth is an electoral district of Western Australia. It was created in 1901, abolished in 1904 and recreated in 1950.

South Perth is in Perth.

Rohan Wight

Rohan "The Weasel" Wight is a professional racing cyclist from Australia. He was born on 30 January 1997. Rohan rode at the 2017 UCI Track Cycling World Championships.

Electoral district of Southern River

Southern River is an electoral district of Western Australia. It was created in 1996.

Southern River is in Perth.

Robert Whetters

Robert Whetters is a retired racing cyclist from Australia. He competed at the 1960 Summer Olympics. He was born on 2 September 1939.

Electoral district of Victoria Park

Victoria Park is an electoral district of Western Australia. It was created in 1930.

Victoria Park is in Perth.

Electoral district of Warnbro

Warnbro is an electoral district of Western Australia. It was created in 2008.

Electoral district of Willagee

Willagee is an electoral district of Western Australia. It was created in 1996.

Willagee is in Perth.

Ken Caves

Kenneth John Caves was a cyclist from Australia. Kenneth competed at the 1948 and 1952 Summer Olympics. He was born on 4 November 1926 and died on 31 July 1974.

Lev Kokorin

Lev Kokorin was a water polo player from Soviet Union. Lev competed at the 1952 Summer Olympics. He was born on 19 August 1918 and died on 1 February 1989.

Electoral district of Armadale

Armadale is an electoral district of Western Australia. It was created in 1983.

Armadale is in Perth.

Michael Houlie

Michael Houlie is a swimmer from South Africa. Michael competed at the 2018 Summer Youth Olympics and the 2020 Summer Olympics. He was born on 27 June 2000.

Electoral district of Bassendean

Bassendean is an electoral district of Western Australia.

Bassendean is in Perth.

Andy Houting

Andries Nicolaas "Andy" den Houting was a cyclist from Canada. Andries competed at the 1928 Summer Olympics. He was born on 1 November 1901 and died on 2 December 1975.

Electoral district of Belmont

Belmont is an electoral district of Western Australia. It was created in 1962, abolished in 1974 and recreated in 1989.

Belmont is in Perth.

Ruth Corset

Ruth Corset is a racing cyclist from Papua New Guinea. Ruth was born on 9 May 1977. She was first at the Australian National Road Race Championships in 2010.

Electoral district of Darling Range

Darling Range is an electoral district of Western Australia.

Darling Range is in Perth.

Chloe McConville

Chloe McConville is a racing cyclist from Australia. She rode for the Australian national team. Chloe was born on 1 October 1987.

Electoral district of Forrestfield

Forrestfield is an electoral district of Western Australia.

Forrestfield is in Perth.

Jessie MacLean

Jessie MacLean is a racing cyclist from Australia. Jessie rode at the 2011, 2012 and 2014 UCI Road World Championships. She was born on 17 October 1985.

Electoral district of Kalamunda

Kalamunda is an electoral district of Western Australia. It was created in 1974, abolished in 1989 and recreated in 2008.

Kalamunda is in Perth.

Symenko Jochinke

Symenko Jochinke is a retired racing cyclist from Australia. Symenko won the Australian National Road Race Championships in 1997. She was born on 12 July 1974.

Electoral district of Maylands

Maylands is an electoral district of Western Australia.

Maylands is in Perth.

Electoral district of Midland

Midland is an electoral district of Western Australia.

Midland is in Perth.

Electoral district of Mirrabooka

Mirrabooka is an electoral district of Western Australia. It was created in 1968, abolished in 1974 and recreated in 2013.

Mirrabooka is in Perth.

Electoral district of Morley

Morley is an electoral district of Western Australia. It was created in 1974, abolished in 1996 and recreated in 2008.

Morley is in Morley.

Electoral district of Mount Lawley

Mount Lawley is an electoral district of Western Australia. It was created in 1950, abolished in 1989 and recreated in 2008.

Mount Lawley is in Perth.

These Foolish Things (Remind Me of You)

"These Foolish Things (Remind Me of You)" is a 1936 jazz pop song written by Eric Mascwitz. It is one of the group of Mayfair songs like "A Nightingale Sang in Berkeley Square". It was been covered numerous times by James Brown in 1963 and Bryan Ferry in 1973.

Electoral district of Swan Hills

Swan Hills is an electoral district of Western Australia. It was created in 1989.

Swan Hills is in Perth.

Electoral district of Thornlie

Thornlie is an electoral district of Western Australia. It was created in 1989, abolished in 2005 and recreated in 2017.

Thornlie is in Perth.

Electoral district of West Swan

West Swan is an electoral district of Western Australia. It was created in 2008.

West Swan is in Perth.

Boules

Boules is the name for a number of similar hand-games, which are played with heavy balls. In most cases, the aim of the game is to throw a ball, and to get it as close as possible to an object ball (small ball). Variants of these games include pétanque, which is popular in France, boccia from Italy, and bowls from Great Britain.

Today, these games are played with balls made of metal, which weight between and .

Such games have a long history. In the 5th century BC, Greek physician Hippocrates of Kos recommended the game. It used stone balls at the time. Julius Pollux, a Greek scholar who lived in the 2nd century, described a game where bowls were thrown at a brick. Boule Lyonnaise, and boccia (soft pétanque) go back to this game. 

During the Middle Ages, the game was forbidden at various times. In the 17th century, some people wanted to promote games such as battledore and shuttlecock, and argued against boules which, at the time, was more popular. 

Tomoya Osawa

Tomoya Osawa may refer to:

Failuna Abdi Matanga

Failuna Abdi Matanga (born 28 October 1992) is a long-distance runner from Tanzania. Failuna competed at the 2020 Summer Olympics. She was born on 28 October 1992.

Jorginho

Jorginho () is a Portuguese-language diminutive name of Jorge, and may refer to:

Gilberto

Gilberto is the Iberian and Italian version of the originally Norman-French given name "Gilbert", used in Italian, Portuguese and Spanish languages. In Galician, it's spelled Xilberto or Xilberte. "Gilbert" is ultimately derived from the Germanic words gisel (meaning pledge or hostage) and beraht (meaning bright). It can be used as a given name or surname.

Gilberto may refer to:





Tita

Tita may refer to:





Paulo Vitor

Paulo Vitor may refer to:



Richard Gheel

Richard Gheel is an retired swimmer from Ireland. Richard competed at the 1988 Summer Olympics. He was born on 13 November 1968.

Zé Mário

Zé Mário may refer to:


David Cummins

David Cummins is a retired swimmer from Ireland. David competed at the 1980 Summer Olympics. He was born on 27 December 1961.

Sérgio Manoel

Sérgio Manoel may refer to:

Três Lagoas

Três Lagoas is a city in the state of Mato Grosso do Sul in Brazil. It is the third largest city in the state by population. 123,281 people lived here in 2020 and its area is 10,206.370 km².

Nicholas O'Hare

Nicholas O'Hare is a retired swimmer from Ireland. Nicholas competed at the 1996 Summer Olympics. He was born on 27 July 1972.

Montoire-sur-le-Loir

Montoire-sur-le-Loir is a commune near Vendôme. It is in Centre-Val de Loire in the Loir-et-Cher department in central France.

Kathryn Greenslade

Kathryn Greenslade is a swimmer from United Kingdom. Kathryn was born on 18 January 1998. She competed at the 2018 European Aquatics Championships and won the gold medal.

Indoor

Indoor(s) may refer to:



Schalkendorf

Schalkendorf is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Bas-Rhin department in northeast France.

Billy Broderick

William Denis Broderick was a swimmer from Ireland. William competed at the 1928 Summer Olympics. He was born on 19 May 1908 and died on 4 April 1946.

Gimme All Your Lovin'

"Gimme All Your Lovin'" is a 1983 song by ZZ Top. It is the leading single from their eighth studio album "Eliminator". It went to number 10 in the United Kingdom, number 37 in the United States, number 3 in the Netherlands, number 9 in Ireland, number 82 in Australia, number 19 in France and number 39 in Canada. It has been covered by Lonestar and Filter.

You Send Me

"You Send Me" is a 1957 song by Sam Cooke and it is the leading single from his debut studio album "Sam Cooke". It was a major success and topped the single charts in the United States and made number 29 in the United Kingdom. It has been covered numerous times including Aretha Franklin in 1968 and The Manhattans in 1985.

Jordan Sloan

Jordan Sloan is a swimmer from Ireland. Jordan was born on 3 August 1993. Jordan competed at the 2017 World Aquatics Championships.

Altagracia Contreras

Altagracia Contreras is a judoka from Dominican Republic. Altagracia competed at the 1992 Summer Olympics. She was born on 18 February 1974.

Mario Álvarez

Mario Virgilio Álvarez Soto is a table tennis player from Dominican Republic. Mario competed at the 1988 Summer Olympics. He was born on 5 August 1960.

José Miguel Guzman

José Miguel Guzman Reynoso (born 19 May 1956) is a weightlifter from the Dominican Republic. José competed at the 1988 Summer Olympics.

Ye Nyunt

Ye Nyunt is a retired footballer from Myanmar. Ye competed at the 1972 Summer Olympics. He was born on 3 June 1950.

Gheorghe Pițicaru

Gheorghe Pițicaru was a weightlifter from Romania. Gheorghe competed at the 1952 Summer Olympics. He was born on 30 May 1926.

Solomone Bole

Solomone Bole is a retired sprinter from Fiji. Solomone competed at the 1996 Summer Olympics. He was born on 23 June 1974.

Soloveni Nakaunicina

Soloveni Nakaunicina is a retired sprinter from Fiji. Soloveni competed at the 1996 Summer Olympics. He was born on 4 July 1974.

Lui Muavesi

Lui Muavesi is a retired middle-distance runner from Fiji. Lui competed at the 1988 Summer Olympics. He was born on 25 February 1966.

Sublimation

Sublimation or sublimate may refer to:



Sitiveni Moceidreke

Sitiveni Moceidreke (1 June 1937 – November 2023) was a retired sprinter from Fiji. Sitiveni competed at the 1960 Summer Olympics.

Moceidreke died in November 2023, at the age of 86.

Sharon Pickering

Sharon Pickering is a retired swimmer from Fiji. Sharon competed at the 1984, 1988 and the 1992 Summer Olympics. She was born on 24 June 1967.

Víctor Claudio

Víctor Claudio is a boxer from Puerto Rico. Víctor competed at the 1984 Summer Olympics. He was born on 15 July 1961.

Angela Birch

Angela Birch is a retired swimmer from Fiji. Angela competed at the 1988 Summer Olympics. She was born on 24 August 1974.

Cloud Number Nine

"Cloud Number Nine" is a 1999 song by Bryan Adams and is the third single from his eighth studio album "On a Day Like Today". It went to number 6 in the United Kingdom, number 2 in Czech Republic, number 5 in Scotland, number 67 in Australia, number 7 in Canada and Hungary and number 16 in Ireland.

UK CD1

UK CD2

European CD single

Australian CD single

Foy Gordon Chung

Foy Gordon Chung is a retired swimmer from Fiji. Foy competed at the 1992 Summer Olympics. He was born on 10 October 1975.

Jason Chute

Jason Chute is a retired swimmer from Fiji. Jason competed at the 1988 Summer Olympics. He was born on 12 November 1971.

Cina Munch

Cina Munch is a retired swimmer from Fiji. Cina competed at the 1988 Summer Olympics. She was born on 17 June 1971.

Samuela Tupou

Samuela Tupou is a retired swimmer from Fiji. Samuela competed at the 1984 Summer Olympics. He was born on 8 May 1956.

Amélie Kretz

Amélie Kretz is a triathlete from Canada. Amélie competed at the 2016 Summer Olympics and the 2020 Summer Olympics. She was born on 19 May 1993.

Alania Suttie

Alania Suttie is a swimmer from Samoa. Alania was born on 23 February 1999. Alania competed at the 2017 World Aquatics Championships.

John Muray

John Herman Muray is a retired sprinter from Indonesia. John competed at the 2000 Summer Olympics. He was born on 6 June 1978.

Archery (disambiguation)

Archery is the art, sport, practice or skill of using a bow to shoot arrows.

Archery may also refer to:


Danilo Gomes

Danilo Gomes may refer to:



Amaral

Amaral may refer to:


Diogo Oliveira

Diogo Oliveira may refer to:


Diego Souza

Diego Souza or Diego de Souza may refer to:

Alan (surname)

The surname Alan is a variant spelling of Allan and Allen. According to one source, Alan is a variant of the English surname Allain.

There is also the given name of Alan.


Fabinho

Fabinho is a Portuguese given name, a diminutive form of the Portuguese name "little Fábio". Portuguese also has an augmentative form of the name, Fabão, "big Fábio".



Gláucio

Gláucio may refer to:


Caue

Caue may refer to:



Claiton

Claiton may refer to:


Claudio

Claudio is an Italian and Spanish first name. In Portuguese, it is accented Cláudio. In Catalan and Occitan, it is Claudi, while in Romanian it is Claudiu.

Claudius was the name of an eminent Roman gens, the most important members of which were:

Claudio became a popular first name due to the spread of Christianity during the Middle Ages. Claudio is also used in Spanish and in Portuguese, accented as Cláudio. Notable people with the name include:


Cláudio is the Portuguese name derived from Claudius. Notable people with the name include:



Baron (disambiguation)

Baron is a title of nobility.

Baron, The Baron or Barons may also refer to:






Baron (name)

The following is a list of people with the name Baron. "Baron" most commonly refers to the title of nobility. The name “Baron” in old English also refers to a wealthy male landowner. In Hebrew, the Israeli surname "Bar-On" ("בר-און") is usually contracted to Baron; it means "son of strength/vigor/potency"






Anderson (given name)

Anderson is the given name of:




Claudecir

Claudecir is a given name. Notable people with the name include:



Claudemir

Claudemir is the name of:


Toninho

Toninho is a Portuguese diminutive nickname for Antônio or António in use in Portugal, Brazil, South Africa, Namibia, Mozambique and Angola. It is loosely equivalent to Little Tony in English.



Cléber

Cléber or Cleber is a masculine given name, common in Brazil.

People with the name, several known as "Cléber", include:


Wágner

Wágner is a name. As a given name, it is Portuguese in origin. The surname is a Czechized form of German surname Wagner. Notable people with the name include:




João Ferreira

João Ferreira may refer to:


Adhemar

Adhemar is both a given name and a surname. Notable people with the name include:





Davi

Davi may refer to:

Davi is also a variant of the name David. Notable people with this name include:




Will (given name)

Will [wil] or Wil is a given name, often a short form (hypocorism) of William, Wilfred, Wilbur, Wilhelmina, Wilma, Willard or Willeke. 

It may refer to:




Will (surname)

Will is a surname found in the English-speaking world. 

People with this surname include:


Brandãozinho

Brandãozinho is the name of:


Marquinhos (disambiguation)

Marquinhos, full name "Marcos Aoás Corrêa" (born 1994), Brazilian footballer playing for Paris Saint-Germain.

Marquinhos or Marquinho is a diminutive name of Marcos or Marcus, may refer to:




Marco Antônio

Marco Antônio may refer to:



Marco Rodríguez

Marco Rodriguez may refer to:


Marcão

Marcão is an augmentative name meaning "Elder Marcos" or "Elder Marco".

Notable people known by this name include:



Marcus Vinicius

Marcus Vinicius may refer to:



Namika Matsumoto

Namika Matsumoto is a weightlifter from Japan. Namika competed at the 2016 Summer Olympics. She was born on 7 February 1992.

Marius Alecu

Marius Alecu is a weightlifter from Romania. Marius competed at the 2000 Summer Olympics. He was born on 16 June 1979.

Cadu

Cadu may refer to:
Cadu may refer to people with the given name Ricardo, or a shortened form of "Carlos Eduardo":

Constantin Chiru

Constantin Chiru is a weightlifter from Romania. Constantin competed at the 1980 Summer Olympics. He was born on 4 September 1957.

Paul Toroczcoi

Paul Toroczcoi is a retired weightlifter from Romania. Paul competed at the 1992 Summer Olympics. He was born on 27 December 1968.

Mircea Tuli

Mircea Tuli is a weightlifter from Romania. Mircea competed at the 1984 Summer Olympics. He was born on 25 December 1957.

Ailton

Ailton is a given name. Notable people with the name include:




Jorge González

Jorge González may refer to:




Jorge Vargas

Jorge Vargas may refer to:


Jorge Mendonça

Jorge Mendonça may refer to:

Denílson

Denílson is a Portuguese given name. Among people with this name are:



Fábio Nunes

Fábio Nunes may refer to:

Charline Avenel

Charline Avenel (b, 24 May 1978) is a French official. She was the head of the Versailles Academy from 24 October 2018 to 13 July 2023. She started her career at the Ministry of Economy and Finance (2004-2007), as assistant to the head of the education and higher education office.

In 2008, she was nominated advisor to Valérie Pécresse, Minister of Higher Education and Research, then assistant Director of her cabinet. She was then assistant chief of staff to Minister Laurent Wauquiez at the same ministry. From 2012 to 2013, she was assistant Director of the French agency for Research.

In 2013, she was appointed Secretary General of the National Foundation for Political Science, which oversees the Sciences Po, by Frédéric Mion. She remained in this position for 5 years. She worked on various topics. She also created “Sciences Mômes”, an operation created in order to opeg the doors of the institution to the children of employees. She took up the theme of gender equality by creating the first anti-harassment unit at Sciences Po.

A decree on October 24, 2018 appointed her Head of the Academy of Versailles. It is the largest academy in France with 1,200,000 students and 100,000 staff. She replace the retiring Daniel Filâtre.

She left her job in July 2023 to join the private higher education group Ionis.

Charline Avenel studied at Sciences Po and the École nationale d'administration.


Zé Carlos

Zé Carlos is a nickname for people with the given name José Carlos; it can refer to:


João Carlos

João Carlos (John Charles in Portuguese) may refer to:


Pinheiro

Pinheiro may refer to:






Other variants:



Silvinho

Silvinho is a Portuguese nickname for people named Sílvio, and it means "small Sílvio".

It can refer to these footballers:


Benevenuto

Benevenuto may refer to:


Márcio Araújo

Márcio Araújo may refer to:


Antoninho

Antoninho is a nickname, a diminute for Antonio in Portuguese. It may refer to:


Paradise Road

Paradise Road may refer to:


Julinho

Julinho may refer to:



Julio Cesar

Julio César and Júlio César are the terms for Julius Caesar in Spanish and Portuguese languages respectively. They may also refer to:










Armando dos Santos

Armando dos Santos may refer to:

Acácio

Acácio is both a masculine Portuguese given name and a surname. Notable people with the name include:



Basilio

Basilio is a name of Italian, Spanish, or Portuguese origin. It is a cognate of the English name Basil. The name may refer to:





Adriano

Adriano or Adrião is the form of the Latin given name "Hadrianus" commonly used in the Italian language. The form Adrian is used in the English language. Notable people with the name include:




Holladay, Tennessee

Holladay is an unincorporated community and census-designated place in Benton and Decatur counties in the U.S. state of Tennessee. Holladay is located along Tennessee State Route 192 southwest of Camden. Holladay has a post office with ZIP code 38341. The post office opened on February 23, 1887.

Alfredo Ramos

Alfredo Ramos may refer to:


Valdomiro

Valdomiro may refer to:


Manoelzinho

Manoelzinho is a nickname, a diminutive for Manoel. It may refer to:


Leandro

Leandro may refer to:


Leandro (given name)

Leandro is a masculine Italian, Portuguese and Spanish given name.

Zé Maria

Zé Maria is a nickname for various people with the given name "José Maria", and may refer to these Brazilians:



One More Time (Daft Punk song)

"One More Time" is a song by Daft Punk. Daft Punk was a French electronic music group. The group released it as a single in 2000. It is a single from their second album, "Discovery" (2001). Romanthony, an American disc jockey, sings in the song. The song has a sample of "More Spell on You" by Eddie Johns. The music video for the song is from the movie "" (2003). "One More Time" was number one on the French Singles Chart and number two on the UK Singles Chart.

"Pitchfork" wrote that "One More Time" was one of the best songs of the 2000s. "Rolling Stone" said it was one of the greatest songs ever made. The song was number 61 on the "Billboard" Hot 100.

Rhacophorus baluensis

The Balu flying frog or Kinabalu tree frog ("Rhacophorus bipunctatus") is a frog. It lives in Malaysia and Indonesia in Borneo. People have seen it between 1200 and 2200 meters above sea level.

George Baker

Edward George Huia Baker was a cricketer from New Zealand. Edward played for Wellington. He was born in 1895 and died on May 15, 1962.

Nicolae Nițu

Nicolae Nițu is a weightlifter from Romania. Nicolae competed at the 1992 Summer Olympics. He was born on 14 October 1969.

Lucian Maxinianu

Lucian Maxinianu is a weightlifter from Romania. Lucian competed at the 1996 Summer Olympics. He was born on 29 October 1972.

Gheorghe Maftei

Gheorghe Maftei is a weightlifter from Romania. Gheorghe competed at the 1980 Summer Olympics and the 1984 Summer Olympics. He was born on 1 April 1955.

Marin Parapancea

Marin Parapancea is a weightlifter from Romania. Marin competed at the 1980 Summer Olympics. He was born on 24 October 1950.

Petre Pavel

Petre Pavel is a weightlifter from Romania. Petre competed at the 1980 Summer Olympics. He was born on 25 November 1957.

Victor Rusu

Victor Rusu is a weightlifter from Romania. Victor competed at the 1972 Summer Olympics. He was born on 23 August 1945.

Ilie Fătu

Ilie Fătu is a retired weightlifter from Romania. Ilie competed at the 1996 Summer Olympics. He was born on 18 April 1974.

Henry Allen

Henry Tureman Allen Jr. was an equestrian from USA. Henry competed at the 1920 Summer Olympics. He was born on 11 August 1889 and died on 21 December 1971.

Dave Ross

Dave Ross is a retired rower from Canada. Dave competed at the 1984 Summer Olympics and the 1988 Summer Olympics. He was born on 16 November 1963.

Iván García

Iván García was a footballer from Venezuela. Iván was born on 18 April 1947 and died on 10 January 1993. Iván played for the Venezuela national football team.

Osvaldo Gerico

Osvaldo Gerico was a footballer from Brazil. Osvaldo was born on 1 May 1914. Osvaldo played for the Brazil national football team.

Geronimo Dyogi

Geronimo "Ronnie" Dyogi was a judoka from Philippines. Geronimo competed at the 1972 Summer Olympics. He was born on 20 July 1949 and died on 23 July 2016.

Achini Kulasuriya

Achini Kulasuriya is a cricketer from Sri Lanka. Achini plays for the Sri Lanka women's national cricket team. She was born on June 7, 1990.

Inoka Ranaweera

Inoka Ranaweera is a cricketer from Sri Lanka. Inoka plays for the Sri Lanka women's national cricket team. She was born on February 18, 1986.

Sam Trickett

Sam Trickett was born on July 2, 1986 in East Retford, Nottinghamshire, England. He is a professional poker player from England. He is most famous for coming in second place to Antonio Esfandiari in the Big One for One Drop poker tournament, where he won more than $10 million. Right now, he's the twelfth highest-earning player in the history of poker tournaments.

Up until February 15, 2019, Sam Trickett has made $20,849,721 from playing poker in live tournaments. He ranks 20th in the world and 2nd in England for the most money won in poker.


Electoral district of Kavel

Kavel is an electoral district of South Australia. It was created in 1970.

Sugandika Kumari

Basnayake Mudiyanselage Sugandika Manel Kumari is a cricketer from Sri Lanka. She plays for Sri Lanka's women's cricket team. She was born on October 5, 1991.

Oshadi Ranasinghe

Oshadi Udeshika Ranasinghe is a cricketer from Sri Lanka. She plays for the Sri Lanka women's national cricket team. She was born on March 16, 1986.

Ama Kanchana

Kathira Arachchige Dona Ama Kanchana is a cricketer from Sri Lanka. She plays for the Sri Lanka women's national cricket team. She was born on April 7, 1991.

Anushka Sanjeewani

Anushka Sanjeewani is a cricketer from Sri Lanka. Anushka plays for the Sri Lanka women's national cricket team. She was born on January 24, 1990.

Nilakshi de Silva

Nilakshi de Silva is a cricketer from Sri Lanka. She plays for the Sri Lanka women's national cricket team. She was born on September 27, 1989.

Electoral district of MacKillop

MacKillop is an electoral district of South Australia. It was created in 1993.

Kavisha Dilhari

Kavisha Dilhari is a cricketer from Sri Lanka. She plays for the Sri Lanka women's national cricket team. She was born on January 24, 2001.

Hasini Perera

Hasini Perera is a cricketer from Sri Lanka. She plays for the Sri Lanka women's national cricket team. She was born on June 27, 1995.

Vishmi Gunaratne

Rajapaksha Mudiyanselage Vishmi Dewmini Gunarathne is a cricketer from Sri Lanka. She plays for the Sri Lanka women's national cricket team. She was born on August 22, 2005.

Sarah Glenn

Sarah Glenn is a cricketer from England. She plays for the England women's cricket team. She was born on August 27, 1999.

Issy Wong

Isabelle Eleanor Chih Ming Wong is a cricketer from England. She plays for the England women's cricket team. She was born on May 15, 2002.

Freya Kemp

Freya Grace Kemp is a cricketer from England. She plays for the England women's cricket team. She was born on April 21, 2005.

Sophie Ecclestone

Sophie Ecclestone is a cricketer from England. She plays for the England women's cricket team. She was born on May 6, 1999.

Alice Capsey

Alice Rose Capsey is a cricketer from England. She plays for the England women's cricket team. She was born on August 11, 2004.

Maia Bouchier

Maia Emily Bouchier is an cricketer from England. She plays for the England women's cricket team. She was born on December 5, 1998.

Amy Jones

Amy Ellen Jones is a cricketer from England. She plays for the England women's cricket team. She was born on June 13, 1993.

Electoral district of Mount Gambier

Mount Gambier is an electoral district of South Australia. It was created in 1938, abolished in 1993 and recreated in 2002.

Sophia Dunkley

Sophia Ivy Rose Dunkley is a cricketer from England. She plays for the England women's cricket team. She was born on July 16, 1998.

Electoral district of Narungga

Narungga is an electoral district of South Australia. It was created in 2016.

Danni Wyatt

Danielle Nicole Wyatt is a cricketer from England. She plays for the England women's cricket team. She was born on April 22, 1991.

Genital piercing

Genital piercing is a type of body piercing. People get small holes made in their skin to attach jewelry. Genital piercing is piercing done on the sex organs. Piercings near the sex organs are often also called genital piercings. The word "piercing" can be a noun that means the small holes in the skin, or it can be a noun that means the jewelry in the holes. Piercing can also be a verb meaning making a hole that goes through the skin. Usually this is done with a needle. Sometimes a tool for piercing that uses a thick needle is called a punch. In the 21st century, genital piercings are common.

Genital piercing has a long history. It was done in some traditional (pre-modern) people. Sometimes it was a "rite of passage," meaning something done when a child enters puberty, or at some time during puberty, to show that the young person is, or will soon be, an adult. In modern times, people who got genital piercings in the 1960s and 1970s were often in the gay subculture. Before the 1980s, genital piercings were usually in people who wanted to be different from the main popular culture. Groups that are very different from the popular culture are called counterculture movements. By the 1980s and 1990s, genital piercing became more common in the general population. 

Just like nipple piercings, genital piercings became more and more popular and part of mainstream culture in the second decade of the 21st century. Many famous people such as Christina Aguilera, Fantasia Barrino, Pete Doherty, Janet Jackson, Lenny Kravitz, Katarina Waters, and Pete Wentz, say that they had or planned to have genital piercings. Genital piercings are popular, especially among the college-aged, young adult, population.

Most countries (or states) say children and younger teenagers can't get genital piercings. Some countries say younger teenagers can get them if their parents say it is okay. Because businesses that do piercings are usually not allowed to do piercings on teenagers (under 18 or under 16, depending on the laws), some teenagers do piercings on their own bodies or get a friend to help. This can cause health problems. They can get bad infections if they do not use a very clean needle to make the holes.

People get genital piercings to look more beautiful, in pictures or in real life. That is the same reason people get their ears pierced. People think piercings will make other people to look at their sex organs. Piercings can be like saying, "Hey, it's okay to look!" 

Some types of genital piercing are supposed to increase sexual pleasure. Some piercings make sex more enjoyable mainly for the person with the piercings. Other piercings make sex more enjoyable for the person's sexual partner. (This is talked about later in this article.)

Some people get genital piercings to show their personal style. That is similar to people wearing clothes they like or getting their hair cut or colored in a particular style. Survivors of sexual abuse or assault sometimes get genital piercings as an act of reclamation. They felt their sexuality was taken away from them. Getting a piercing may help them feel they have reclaimed or taken back control of their genitals.

Some body piercings near the genitals are for males or females. Piercings in the mons pubis (pubic mound) are very common. However, a pubic mound piercing is not good for a person with very tight skin and very little fat in the pubic mound. The body would reject the piercing. After a while, the jewelry would come out. Another way of saying this is that the piercing would grow out. Piercings in the perineum can be done on males or females, but are not common. They can become infected because they are near the anus. They can be uncomfortable when riding a bicycle or motorcycle. 

Common genital piercings that women get are through the hood of the clitoris, through the labia majora, and through the labia minora.

The clitoral hood is a thin piece of skin that covers most of the shaft and sometimes the end (the glans) of the clitoris. A clitoral hood piercing goes through this thin piece of skin. A clitoral hood piercing is done to make the women look more beautiful, and also to increase sexual pleasure during masturbation, foreplay and sexual intercourse. 

There are two main types of clitoral hood piercing: the vertical (straight up and down) clitoral hood (VCH) piercing and the horizontal (sideways) clitoral hood (HCH) piercing. As the names indicate, the difference is in the direction of the piercing through the skin above the clitoris. Neither of these piercings penetrates the clitoris itself, although they are sometimes called "clit" piercings. Piercings that go through the clitoris itself are dangerous. There is a chance that the piercing will cause nerve damage to the clitoris. That could cause the woman to not feel anything in her clitoris. That would be very sad for the woman since the the only known purpose for the clitoris is to provide sexual pleasure. There is also a chance it could cause pain that does not go away. Piercings that go through the clitoris itself are very uncommon. A deep hood piercing is a variation of the clitoral hood piercing that passes deeper through the clitoral hood. A deep hood piercing does not go through the clitoris itself. 

One study from the University of South Alabama said that women with vertical clitoral hood piercings have more sexual desire and more sexual arousal and have sex more often than women without these piercings. During sex when the partners are facing each other, the partner's body (the pubic area, in particular) presses against the jewelry in the clitoral hood piercing, and the jewelry presses on the shaft of the clitoris and on the glans of the clitoris. The pressure and movement on the shaft and the glans of the clitoris feels very good for most women. (For some women, it does not feel good to touch the glans of the clitoris directly. The glans is too sensitive. It would feel like touching your eye. Those women might not like having a piercing near the clitoris. Those women could try using a sexual lubricant. A sexual lubricant is a slippery liquid. It can be bought at drug stores.)

A clitoral hood piercing is not always possible. It depends on the shape and size of the clitoral hood and on the shape and size of the pubic mound. A vertical clitoral hood piercing cannot be done on a very short clitoral hood. This piercing requires a clitoral hood length of 1cm or more. Excessive pressure due to fat or sagging in the pubic mound area is another reason a vertical clitoral hood piercing would not be a good idea. A horizontal clitoral hood piercing might be an alternative for some, however horizontal clitoral hood piercing is only suitable for women who have enough skin above the clitoris and whose clitoral hood is not completely covered by the outer labia. The shape and symmetry of the clitoral hood are also important to keep the piercing from rotating or pinching. If a woman's body is unsuitable for a clitoral hood piercing, a pubic piercing for a male sexual partner can sometimes provide the desired clitoral stimulation during sexual intercourse. As an alternative to either partner obtaining a piercing, a male partner can wear a removable sex toy device at the base of the penis that incorporates a clitoral stimulator or vibrator. Likewise, various clitoral vibrators and suction devices are available to enhance lesbian genital-to-genital contact.

A Christina piercing, also known as a Venus piercing, is done where the outer labia meet at the top. One end of the piercing is on the pubic mound. The other end is in the "slit" (the opening) between the labia. The Christina piercing is not a good idea on some women. It has a high rejection rate, meaning the piercing (the hole) and jewelry do not stay in the body. This piercing should not be done on women who have skin that is very tight. If the flesh above the clitoris where the outer labia meet can be pinched, a Christina piercing may be successful. Women get this piercing to make their body look more beautiful. It usually does not make sex more enjoyable. Some women say it is uncomfortable when touched or pressed.

The labia are the inner and outer lips that surround the opening to the vagina. They are part of the vulva. Piercings to the inner labia are common. Rings are the jewelry most often used. Labia piercings are mostly for decoration, but may also add pleasurable feelings during various sex acts. They are among the simpler and more common genital piercings for females, and are often done in symmetrical pairs (one on each side of the vaginal opening.)

There are many places and style of piercings men can get. 

The glans is the end of the penis. The piercing can go through the urethra. Men get piercings there because they think it makes their penis look more beautiful or interesting. A piercing through the glans can also increase sexual pleasure for the man whose penis is pierced and for his sexual partner. A piercing through the urethra is called a Prince Albert piercing. Sometimes it can cause problems urinating (peeing.)

The Corona of glans penis is the edge of the glans. A piercing that goes through the coronal rim of the glans is called a dydoe piercing. During vaginal intercourse, the piercing usually adds extra stimulation for the partner. When several dydoe piercings are placed around the head of the penis, it is called a king's crown. 

The foreskin is a thin piece of skin that covers the glans of the penis. If the man's foreskin has not been removed, he can get a piercing through the foreskin. This is an easy piercing to do. It is done for the same reasons as piercings of the glans. It can make the penis look more beautiful or interesting. It can increase sexual pleasure for both partners.

The frenulum connects the foreskin to the shaft of the penis. This is an easy piercing to do. The reasons are the same as with the other piercings above. The name of the piercing is often shortened to a frenum piercing. If there are several piercings, the name is a frenum ladder or a Jacob's Ladder. (That name comes from a dream Jacob in the bible had of a ladder going to heaven.) 

The shaft is the main part of the penis outside the body up to the glans. Piercings can go through the skin on the shaft. The skin on the penis is very thin. That makes it easy to pierce, but the jewelry might come out some day since the skin is very thin. If there are several piercings, it can be called a ladder.

The scrotum is the sack or bag that contains the testicles. Piercings on the scrotum are easy to do. They are common. They just go through the loose skin. This type of piercing is also called a Hafada piercing. A piercing that goes all the way through the scrotum is not common because it is dangerous. Common piercings on the scrotum are a ring or rings on the side of the scrotum, or barbells (straight jewelry pieces) or rings. Piercings on the scrotal raphe or "seam" of the scrotum are common. The main reason to get piercings on the scrotum is to make the scrotum look more beautiful or interesting. They don't usually increase sexual pleasure much, so that is not a reason why people get piercings on the scrotum. If there are several repeated piercings, it can be called a ladder.

There are different types of body piercing jewelry. Barbells, curved barbells (also called banana bars), J-bars (barbells shaped like the letter J), captive bead rings (also called ball capture rings or BCRs) are common. Silver jewelry should be avoided. Sometimes the beads of a barbell are decorative, as is common in navel piercings.
Sometimes gemstones or glass that looks like diamonds are used.

The time to fully heal a genital piercing varies, depending on piercing site and individual characteristics: it can range from a week up to six months. Until fully healed, preparations should be made against possible causes of infection, such as proper cleaning on a daily basis. People with fresh piercings should abstain from sexual activity for the first few days and also then should use physical protection barriers such as condoms until the piercing is fully healed.


Chamari Athapaththu

Atapattu Mudiyanselage Chamari Jayangani is a cricketer and the captain of the women's Twenty20 International team of Sri Lanka. Atapattu was born on February 9, 1990.

Electoral district of Stuart

Stuart is an electoral district of South Australia. It was created in 1938, abolished in 1993 and recreated in 1997.

Nat Sciver-Brunt

Natalie Ruth Sciver-Brunt is a cricketer from England. She plays for the England women's cricket team. She was born on August 20, 1992.

Francisco Rodrigues

Francisco Rodrigues may refer to:



Rahul Tripathi

Rahul Ajay Tripathi is a cricketer from India. He plays for the India national cricket team. He was born on March 2, 1991.

Electoral district of Black

Black is an electoral district of South Australia. It was created in 2018.

Black is in Adelaide.

Atuhaire Ambala

Atuhaire Ogola Ambala is a swimmer from Uganda. Atuhaire competed at the 2020 Summer Olympics. He was born on 26 April 2001.

Keanan Dols

Keanan Dols is a swimmer from Jamaica. Keanan competed at the 2020 Summer Olympics. He was born on 24 July 1998.

Electoral district of Bragg

Bragg is an electoral district of South Australia. It was created in 1970.

Bragg is in Adelaide.

Quah Zheng Wen

Quah Zheng Wen is a swimmer from Singapore. Quah competed at the 2012, 2016 and the 2020 Summer Olympics. He was born on 29 September 1996.

Mitch Larkin

Mitchell James Larkin is a swimmer from Australia. Mitchell competed at the 2012, 2016 and 2020 Summer Olympics. He was born on 9 July 1993.

Andrea Aguilera (model)

Andrea Victoria Aguilera Paredes (born April 27, 2001) is an Ecuadorian model and beauty pageant titleholder who was crowned Miss Supranational 2023 pageant in Nowy Sącz, Poland. 

She was previously crowned Miss Grand Ecuador 2021, and represented Ecuador at the Miss Grand International 2021 pageant where she finished first runner-up.

Aguilera was born in Ventanas, Ecuador on April 27, 2001. She was studying medicine at the University of Guayaquil in Guayaquil. In 2022, she entered the Universidad de Especialidades Espíritu Santo in Guayaquil to pursue a bachelor’s degree in international business. In the same year, she joined the Ecuadorian reality show "Soy el Mejor" but left the show early after three judges made derogatory comments about her participation in Miss Grand International. In 2022, Aguilera entered the Universidad de Especialidades Espíritu Santo in Guayaquil to pursue a bachelor’s degree in international business.

On May 7, 2021, Aguilera was officially crowned Miss Grand Los Rios 2021. On June 26, 2021, she represented Los Rios at Miss Grand Ecuador 2021 at TC Televisión in Guayaquil, Ecuador and went on to win the title.

On December 4, 2021, Aguilera represented Ecuador at Miss Grand International 2021 and competed against 59 other candidates at the SHOW DC Retail and Entertainment Mega Complex in Bangkok, Thailand and placed as 1st runner-up to Nguyen Thúc Thuy Tiên of Vietnam.

On July 14, 2023, Aguilera also represented Ecuador at the Miss Supranational 2023 pageant in Nowy Sącz, Poland. In the competition, Aguilera advanced to the top twenty-four, then the top twelve and ultimately the top five, before being announced as the competition's winner and was succeeded by Lalela Mswane of South Africa. Aguilera became the first woman from Ecuador to be crowned Miss Supranational.

Assis (disambiguation)

Assis is a city and a municipality in São Paulo, Brazil.

Assis may also refer to:




Andrew Jeffcoat

Andrew Jeffcoat is a swimmer from New Zealand. He was born on 22 July 1999. Andrew competed at the 2018 FINA World Swimming Championships (25 m).

Srihari Nataraj

Srihari Nataraj is a swimmer from India. Srihari competed at the 2020 Summer Olympics. He was born on 16 January 2001.

Luke Greenbank

Luke Greenbank is a swimmer from Great Britain. Luke competed at the 2020 Summer Olympics. He was born on 17 September 1997.

Bradley Woodward

Bradley Woodward is a swimmer from Australia. He was born on 5 July 1998. Bradley competed at the 2018 Commonwealth Games.

Pedrinho (footballer, born 1973)

Pedro Aparecido Santana, better known as Pedrinho, is a retired Brazilian football player. He was born in São Paulo, Brazil.

Pedrinho starting playing for Edessaikos in the Greek second division in 1997.

He played for 3 other clubs before retiring after he was released by Honduran club, F.C. Motagua.


Ricardinho

Ricardinho may refer to:





Even When I'm Sleeping

"Even When I'm Sleeping" is a 1997 song by Australian pop band Leonardo's Bride. It is the second single from their debut studio album "Angel Blood". It went to number 4 in Australia and number 34 in New Zealand and won an ARIA Award in 1998. It was covered by John Farnham in 2005 for his album "I Remember When I Was Young".

Australian CD single

Josimar

Josimar is a given name. It may refer to:


Ronaldo

Ronaldo is a Portuguese given name that is similar to the English Ronald. It became a common name in all Portuguese-speaking countries. The name is also very common in Italy and Spanish-speaking countries..
Notable people known as Ronaldo include:





Fearless (Taylor Swift album)

Fearless is the second album released by singer-songwriter Taylor Swift.

Dick Fosbury

Richard Douglas Fosbury (March 6, 1947 – March 12, 2023) was an American high jumper. He revolutionized the high jump event in athletics. His invention, the "Fosbury flop" was a backwards leap over the bar. This was basically made possible by softer landing material: foam rubber instead of wood chips. Fosbury won the Olympic event in 1968. From that time on, all jumpers changed to his method. He had changed the sport.

2023 Alaska Peninsula Earthquake

On July 16, 2023, a major earthquake hit in Alaska. The maximum intensity of VI (Strong).

The earthquake occurred at 6:48 a.m. (UTC), measuring M 7.2, at a depth of 32.6 kilometers.

A Change Is Gonna Come

"A Change Is Gonna Come" is a 1964 song by Sam Cooke and was taken from his 11th studio album "Ain't That Good News". The song is the B-side to his single "Shake". It went to number 31 in the United States and went on to be used as an anthem for Civil Rights Movement.

Electoral district of Chaffey

Chaffey is an electoral district of South Australia. It was created in 1938.

Electoral district of Dunstan

Dunstan is an electoral district of South Australia. It was created in 2014.

Dunstan is in Adelaide.

Electoral district of Finniss

Finniss is an electoral district of South Australia. It was created in 1993.

Electoral district of Flinders

Flinders is an electoral district of South Australia. It was created in 1857.

Electoral district of Frome

Frome is an electoral district of South Australia. It was created in 1884, abolished in 1902, recreated in 1938, reabolished in 1977 and recreated again in 1993.

Electoral district of Hammond

Hammond is an electoral district of South Australia. It was created in 1997.

Electoral district of Hartley

Hartley is an electoral district of South Australia. It was created in 1977.

Hartley is in Adelaide.

Electoral district of Heysen

Heysen is an electoral district of South Australia. It was created in 1970, abolished in 1977 and recreated in 1985.

Electoral district of Morialta

Morialta is an electoral district of South Australia. It was created in 2002.

Morialta is in Adelaide.

Electoral district of Morphett

Morphett is an electoral district of South Australia. It was created in 1977.

Morphett is in Adelaide.

Electoral district of Schubert

Schubert is an electoral district of South Australia. It was created in 1997.

Electoral district of Unley

Unley is an electoral district of South Australia. It was created in 1938.

Unley is in Adelaide.

Heiko Laessig

Heiko Laessig (born 18 June 1968) was a German former professional footballer. He played as a defender.

Laessig started his career in 1977 in the youth team of 1. FC Magdeburg. In the 1988/89 season he was for the first time in the GDR Oberliga team. He played his first match on 5 September 1987 versus Hallescher FC Chemie. By the end of the GDR Oberliga in 1991he had played 59 first division matches for Magdeburg and scored 17 goals. After Magdeburg could not qualify for professional football in 1991 he moved to Bayer Uerdingen in the 2nd Bundesliga.1992 the club was promoted and Laessig played in the Bundesliga. He played 145 league matches for Bayer and scored 32 goals. 1996 he went to Austria and played for SV Austria Salzburg. He started as a striker but developed into an excellent defender towards the end of his playing career. For Salzburg he played 268 matches and scored 43 goals. His greatest success was winning the Austrian championship in 1997. His career as a professional soccer player ended in spring 2005. Since that time he worked as scout for FC Red Bull Salzburg.

Countess Georgina von Wilczek

Georgina von Wilczek (24 October 1921 – 18 October 1989) was the Princess of Liechtenstein as the wife of Prince Regnant Franz Joseph II. She is the mother of Hans-Adam II and his four siblings. Princess Georgina died in Grabs, Switzerland after an unknown illness.


The Kardashians

The Kardashians is a reality TV series which focuses on the lives of the Kardashian-Jenner family. It began in 2022. The show is the replacement for "Keeping Up with the Kardashians"



Brodie Williams

Brodie Paul Williams is a swimmer from England. Brodie competed at the 2020 Summer Olympics. He was born on 18 March 1999.

Pieter Coetze

Pieter Coetze is a swimmer from South Africa. Pieter competed at the 2020 Summer Olympics. He was born on 13 May 2004.

Wesley Roberts

Wesley Roberts is a swimmer from Cook Islands. He competed at the 2016 Summer Olympics and the 2020 Summer Olympics. He was born on 24 June 1997.

James Freeman

James Samuel Freeman is a swimmer from Botswana. James competed at the 2018 Summer Youth Olympics and the 2020 Summer Olympics. He was born on 28 March 2001.

Kushagra Rawat

Kushagra Rawat is a swimmer from India. He was born on 16 February 2000. Kushagra competed at the 2019 World Aquatics Championships.

Stephen Milne

Stephen Milne is a swimmer from Great Britain. He competed at the 2016 Summer Olympics. He was born on 29 April 1994.

Galvanized iron

Galvanized iron means the iron is covered by a metal that does not rust, or which only rusts slowly. Iron is usually covered with zinc. The iron cannot rust because the zinc covering protects it.

The zinc resists corrosion even when scraped. After the paint is scratched, metal corrodes. When the zinc has completely corroded, the iron begins to do the same.

There are two ways of galvanising: 

Hot dip galvanising: the item is put in a vat of liquid zinc. This gives a longer-lasting, thicker covering. Some people might not appreciate it as much, though, because it does not have a bright, clean surface.

Also possible is electro-galvanizing. This is the process of electroplating zinc onto a surface. Although it is thinner and more sparkly, it does not last as long.

Jane Birkin

Jane Birkin (14 December 1946 in London – 16 July 2023 in Paris) was an English-French actress and singer. From the 1960s, she lived in France, mostly in Paris and Brittany. She played in many movies. She is also known for the song "Je t'aime, moi non plus". She died at her home, on 16 July 2023.

Electoral district of Adelaide

Adelaide is an electoral district of South Australia. It was created in 1902.

Adelaide is in Adelaide.

Electoral district of Badcoe

Badcoe is an electoral district of South Australia. It was created in 2018.

Badcoe is in Adelaide.

Deocliunon

One of the earliest 'Pictish' kings of modern-day Scotland, thought to be mythological, but may have lived and reigned around the time of the Julian invasions; 55 & 54 BC. Contemporary with King Ederus who was recorded as the high king of 'Scotland' in that ancient period.

Salena (singer)

Selina-Maria Edbauer (born 11 March 1998), known professionally as Salena, is an Austrian singer and songwriter. 

In 2017, Salena participated in the TV show "The Voice of Germany." In 2021, she competed in the Austrian talent show "Starmania".

In 2023, it was announced that she would represent Austria in Eurovision 2023, alongside Teya, who she met on "Starmania", with the song "Who the Hell is Edgar?". They were runners-up in the second semi-final and finished in 15th place in the Grand Final. She released two more songs with Teya ("Bye Bye Bye" and "Ho Ho Ho") before they began solo careers.

Hvidovre IF

Hvidovre Idrætsforening, mostly known as Hvidovre IF () is a Danish professional football club. It is from Hvidovre. The club is in the Danish Superliga. It plays its home matches at the Hvidovre Stadion.

The club was made in 1925. They have been crowned Danish champions three times, in 1966, 1973 and 1981. They won the Danish Cup in 1980.

Hvidovre

Hvidovre is the main town in Hvidovre Municipality, Denmark. The town is a suburb of Copenhagen. It is about 10 km southwest of the middle of the city. It is the second biggest suburb of Copenhagen. The biggest is Frederiksberg.

SuRie

Susanna Marie Cork (born 18 February 1989), better known by her stage name SuRie, is an English singer.

Susanna Marie Cork was born on February 18, 1989 to Andrew Cork and Julia (née Kornberg). Her maternal grandfather is Sir Hans Kornberg. Her younger brother is singer-songwriter Benedict Cork. She began songwriting at age 12. 

She has performed in front of Prince Charles as a child soloist and appeared in different British venues such as The Royal Albert Hall and St. Paul's Cathedral and at venues all around the world, including St. Mark's Basilica.

In 2015, she entered the Eurovision Song Contest 2015 as part of the Belgian entry. She was a backing singer for Loïc Nottet. She was also a music director for the Belgian entry in the 2017 Contest.

In 2018, SuRie won the music competition "Eurovision: You Decide", meaning that she could represent the United Kingdom in the 2018 Eurovision Contest with the song "Storm". During her performance in the Grand Final, the stage was invaded by a protestor who took her microphone and shouted "modern Nazis of the UK media, we demand freedom, war is not peace." Security removed the protestor and SuRie was able to finish the song. She ultimately finished 24th out of the 26 finalists.

Falkland, North Carolina

Falkland is a town in Pitt County, North Carolina, United States. The population was 47 at the 2020 Census, making it the least populous town in Pitt County. The town is a part of the Greenville Metropolitan Area located in North Carolina's Inner Banks region.

Grimesland, North Carolina

Grimesland is a town in Pitt County, North Carolina, United States. The population was 386 at the 2020 Census. The town is a part of the Greenville Metropolitan Area located in North Carolina's Inner Banks.

Bethel, North Carolina

Bethel is a town in Pitt County, North Carolina, United States. The population was 1,373 at the 2020 Census. The town is a part of the Greenville Metropolitan Area located in North Carolina's Inner Banks region.

Simpson, North Carolina

Simpson is a village in Pitt County, North Carolina, United States. The population was 390 at the 2020 census. The village is a part of the Greenville Metropolitan Area.

Avion Express

Avion Express is an airline based in Vilnius, Lithuania. The airline operates a fleet of 39 aircraft on flights in Europe, North Africa, America and the Middle East. The airline is owned by Avion Solution Group. Avion Express was founded in 2005 as Nordic Solutions Air Services.


Snow Hill, North Carolina

Snow Hill is a town in Greene County, North Carolina, United States. The population was 1,481 at the 2020 census. It is the county seat of Greene County and is part of the Greenville Metropolitan Area. Snow Hill hosts a lot of tennis tournaments. Many players go to the town to play in the USTA (United States Tennis Association) Sanctioned tournaments.

Rahul Shah

Rahul Shah (born 3 January 1997) is an Indian cricketer. He started playing in List A cricket for Gujarat. He did this during the 2017–18 Vijay Hazare Trophy on 11 February 2018. He started playing first-class cricket for Gujarat in the 2018–19 Ranji Trophy on 15 January 2019. He started playing in Twenty20 on 4 November 2021. In Twenty20, he played for Gujarat in the 2021–22 Syed Mushtaq Ali Trophy.

Grand High Witch

The Grand High Witch of All the World is a fictional character who serves as the main antagonist of the 1983 novel "The Witches" by Roald Dahl and its adaptations. 

She was portrayed by Anjelica Huston in the 1990 film and by Anne Hathaway in the 2020 film.

She is the leader of all the witches in the world. In the story, the witches are demons who want to get rid of all the children in the world. The Grand High Witch uses gloves, wigs and masks to hide her monstrous appearance. 

The Grand High Witch summons all the witches in England to a meeting where she reveals her new potion that turns kids into mice. She manages to turn the story's protagonist into a mouse but he ultimately steals the potion and puts it into her soup. The Grand High Witch meets her end when she herself transforms into a mouse and is killed.


Stanbridge Earls School

Stanbridge Earls School in Hampshire has a vast history. 

The main house in Audley Stanbridge Earls is a Grade II* listed building. Its history dates back to Saxon royalty, with links to King Alfred the Great and the founder of modern nursing, Florence Nightingale.

From 1066, numerous families went on to own the estate. However, under ownership by John Fifield in the late 18th century, it fell into decay.

At the end of the 18th century, Florence Nightingale's father, William Nightingale, bought Stanbridge Earls. While being passed down through relatives, new wings were added to the property and it began to transform into the Tudor manor house it is today.

The name "Stanbridge" is of Saxon origin and derived from a bridge crossing on the River Test. There are claims for Stanbridge as the location of the burial in c.857 of King Æthelwulf based on antiquarian accounts from 16th to 18th centuries.

At the time of the Norman conquest an identifiable land holding was already in existence, recorded in the Domesday survey as an unnamed manor that was part of the estates held by Sir Ralph de Mortimer.

From 1942, along with Roke Manor to the south, Stanbridge Earls was used as a rest and recuperation home for USAF personnel. It was photographed in 1943, with images of the gardens, including the Burmese temple.

Saint Isaac's Cathedral

Saint Issac's Cathedral is a cathedral in Saint Petersburg, Russia.

Hiroki Ito

Hiroki Ito may refer to:

Electoral district of Cheltenham

Cheltenham is an electoral district of South Australia. It was created in 1998.

Cheltenham is in Adelaide.

Electoral district of Colton

Colton is an electoral district of South Australia. It was created in 1993.

Colton is in Adelaide.

2022 South Australian state election

The 2022 South Australian state election was held on 19 March 2022 to elect the 55th Parliament of South Australia, including all 47 seats in the House of Assembly and 11 of the 22 seats in the Legislative Council. It was conducted by the Electoral Commission of South Australia (ECSA).

The incumbent Liberal government, led by Premier Steven Marshall, tried to win a second term in government. However, they were defeated by the Labor Party, led by Opposition Leader Peter Malinauskas.

2026 South Australian state election

The 2026 South Australian state election will be held on 21 March 2026 to elect the 56th Parliament of South Australia, including all 47 seats in the House of Assembly and 11 of the 22 seats in the Legislative Council. It will be conducted by the Electoral Commission of South Australia (ECSA).

The incumbent Labor government, led by Premier Peter Malinauskas, will be trying to win a second term in government. They will be opposed by the Liberal Party, led by David Speirs.

2018 South Australian state election

The 2018 South Australian state election was held on 17 March 2018 to elect the 54th Parliament of South Australia, including all 47 seats in the House of Assembly and 11 of the 22 seats in the Legislative Council. It was conducted by the Electoral Commission of South Australia (ECSA).

The incumbent Labor government, led by Premier Jay Weatherill, was trying to win a fifth term in government. However, they were defeated by the Liberal Party, led by Opposition Leader Steven Marshall. This ended a record 16 years of Labor government in South Australia.

2014 South Australian state election

The 2014 South Australian state election was held on 15 March 2014 to elect the 53rd Parliament of South Australia, including all 47 seats in the House of Assembly and 11 of the 22 seats in the Legislative Council. It was conducted by the Electoral Commission of South Australia (ECSA).

The incumbent Labor government, led by Premier Jay Weatherill, won a fourth term in government. They were opposed by the Liberal Party, led by Steven Marshall. Labor formed a minority government with the support of independent Geoff Brock.

2010 South Australian state election

The 2010 South Australian state election was held on 20 March 2010 to elect the 52nd Parliament of South Australia, including all 47 seats in the House of Assembly and 11 of the 22 seats in the Legislative Council. It was conducted by the Electoral Commission of South Australia (ECSA).

The incumbent Labor government, led by Premier Mike Rann, won a third term in government. They were opposed by the Liberal Party, led by Isobel Redmond.

Electoral district of Croydon (South Australia)

Croydon is an electoral district of South Australia. It was created in 2002.

Croydon is in Adelaide.

Electoral district of Davenport

Davenport is an electoral district of South Australia. It was created in 1970.

Davenport is in Adelaide.

Electoral district of Elder

Elder is an electoral district of South Australia. It was created in 1993.

Elder is in Adelaide.

Electoral district of Elizabeth (South Australia)

Elizabeth is an electoral district of South Australia. It was created in 2018.

Elizabeth is in Adelaide.

Electoral district of Enfield

Enfield is an electoral district of South Australia. It was created in 1956, abolished in 1970 and recreated in 2002.

Enfield is in Adelaide.

Electoral district of Florey

Florey is an electoral district of South Australia. It was created in 1970.

Florey is in Adelaide.

Electoral district of Gibson

Gibson is an electoral district of South Australia. It was created in 2018.

Gibson is in Adelaide.

Electoral district of Giles

Giles is an electoral district of South Australia. It was created in 1993.

By area, it is the largest of the 47 electoral districts of South Australia.

Mama's Broken Heart

"Mama's Broken Heart" is a 2013 song by country singer Miranda Lambert. It was the fourth single from her fourth studio album "Four the Record". It went to number 30 in Canada and number 20 in the United States. It topped the Country single charts in Canada.

Tayside children's sleep questionnaire

The Tayside Children's Sleep Questionnaire is a list of questions to help doctors find possible issues with a youngchild’s sleep. It helps to find out if there are problems staying asleep or falling asleep. The questions are answered by the child’s parents. The questions ask about when the child goes to sleep and if the child walks while sleeping. The list of questions was validated to make sure it really tells us about sleep issues. Some scientists have also used the list of questions to do research.

BBK Electronics

This company manufactures OnePlus smartphones, which are sold by T-Mobile. OnePlus is a subsidiary of BBK Electronics.

Preimplantation genetic testing

Preimplantation genetic diagnosis (PGD) is a way of checking embryo cells before they are placed, or implanted, inside a mother's body. It is also named preimplantation genetic testing (PGT). The good thing about PGD is that it can let the parents not choose the embryo which will develop into a child with a certain disease. This way, the parents do not have to choose to stop the pregnancy if the baby has the disease. To do preimplantation testing, doctors take the mother's eggs from her body. Then, the embryo is tested, and put back in the mother after 5 or 6 days of growing.

The first preimplantation testing was done by choosing a female embryo, because the disease was only possible if there was one X chromosome, such as in male embryos.

It can also test to see if the embryo has a different number of chromosomes than normal. This is called preimplantation genetic testing for "aneuploidy", or PGT-A. The other types of preimplantation genetic testing are for gene (monogenic) disorders (PGT-M), for many gene (polygenic) disorders (PGT-P), for seeing if large parts of the chromosomes are improperly put together (PGT-SR).

Sometimes, tests can also be done on the mother's eggs or the father's sperm before they meet to make a baby. These can also be part of PGD. 


Jeremy Bagshaw

Jeremy Bagshaw is a swimmer from Canada. He competed at the 2010 Summer Youth Olympics. He was born on 21 April 1992.

Electoral district of Hurtle Vale

Hurtle Vale is an electoral district of South Australia. It was created in 2018.

Hurtle Vale is in Adelaide.

Kieran Bird

Kieran James Bird is a swimmer from England. Kieran competed at the 2020 Summer Olympics. He was born on 2 September 1999.

Daniel Jervis

Daniel Owen Jervis is a swimmer from Wales. Daniel competed at the 2020 Summer Olympics. He was born on 9 June 1996.

Khiew Hoe Yean

Khiew Hoe Yean is a swimmer from Malaysia. Khiew competed at the 2021 Southeast Asian Games and the 2022 World Aquatics Championships.

How to Dismantle an Atomic Bomb

How to Dismantle an Atomic Bomb is the eleventh studio album by U2. U2 is an Irish rock band. Island Records released it on 22 November 2004 in the United Kingdom. Interscope Records released it on 23 November 2004 in the United States. The album is similar to "All That You Can't Leave Behind" (2000), the band's tenth album. This is because it has rock music on it, instead of the alternative rock and dance music the band made in the 1990s. Steve Lillywhite produced the album. Other people also helped produce the album, such as Brian Eno and Chris Thomas.

U2 started recording the album in February 2003. After nine months, the band had enough music for an album. However, they did not like the music. They hired Lillywhite to produce the album in January 2004. He worked with the band for six months. They changed songs and recorded them again during this time.

Many music critics liked "How to Dismantle an Atomic Bomb". It was number one on music charts in 34 countries, including the United States. The album won eight Grammy Awards. It was one of the best selling albums of 2004. Almost ten million copies of the album were sold. It had many singles, such as "Vertigo" and "City of Blinding Lights".

Notes

Elijah Winnington

Elijah Winnington is a swimmer from Australia. Elijah competed at the 2020 Summer Olympics. He was born on 5 May 2000.

Mack Horton

Mackenzie James Horton is a freestyle swimmer from Australia. Mackenzie competed at the 2016 Summer Olympics and the 2020 Summer Olympics. He was born on 25 April 1996.

Daniel Wiffen

Daniel Wiffen is a swimmer from Ireland. Daniel competed at the 2020 Summer Olympics. He was born on 14 July 2001.

Megan Gallagher

Megan Gallagher is a handball player from USA. Megan competed at the 1988 Summer Olympics. She was born on 12 May 1963.

Amy Gamble

Amy Gamble is an retired handball player from USA. Amy competed at the 1988 Summer Olympics. She was born on 17 December 1964.

Electoral district of Kaurna

Kaurna is an electoral district of South Australia. It was created in 1993.

Kaurna is in Adelaide.

Alexis Batle

Alexis Batle is a volleyball player from Cuba. Alexis competed at the 1996 Summer Olympics. He was born on 28 July 1971.

Freddy Brooks

Freddy Brooks is a retired volleyball player from Cuba. Freddy competed at the 1992 Summer Olympics and the 1996 Summer Olympics. He was born on 10 August 1969.

Fernando Borrero

Fernando Borrero is a volleyball player from Argentina. Fernando competed at the 1996 Summer Olympics. He was born on 15 December 1968.

Alejandro Romano

Alejandro Romano is a volleyball player from Argentina. Alejandro competed at the 1996 Summer Olympics. He was born on 4 May 1974.

Lazaro Marin

Lazaro Marin is a volleyball player from Cuba. Lazaro competed at the 1992 Summer Olympics and the 1996 Summer Olympics. He was born on 30 March 1967.

Corona of glans penis

The corona of glans penis or penis crown is the rounded edge or flare that forms at the base of the glans (which is the end of the penis) in human males. The glans, and therefore the corona, are exposed (seen) when the foreskin (or prepuce) of the penis is pulled back (retracted.) The appearance of the glans penis is often slightly different between an uncircumcised and a circumcised male. A circumcised male has had the foreskin shortened or removed. This is a very common procedure (medical operation) done in many cultures or countries. It is often done shortly after birth. If the foreskin is completely removed, the corona will always be exposed. If the foreskin is just shortened, the corona may still be covered by the foreskin when it is in the forward (unretracted) position. 

The corona overhangs a mucosal surface, called the neck of the penis, which separates the shaft (the long middle part of the penis) and the glans. The edge of the corona has a great number of nerve endings and is a very sexually sensitive part of the glans.

During the embryonic development of the male fetus, a thickening on the epidermis (outer layer of skin) appears around the base of the developing glans. The thickening layer of skin separates from the glans, creating the foreskin.

The corona and the neck are highly vascularized areas of the penis. The axial and dorsal penile arteries merge together at the neck before entering the glans.

The corona and the neck are highly vascularized areas of the penis, meaning they have many blood vessels providing a good blood supply. 

The circumference (edge) and the underside of the corona are densely innervated by several types of nerve endings. The corona is a highly erogenous (easily sexually stimulated) part of the penis. The area is very sensitive to stimulation and an area of intense sexual pleasure.

In some males, small skin-colored bumps, known as pearly penile papules, may appear at the circumference of the corona. Their appearance may vary from being hardly noticeable in some men to more prominent and well-defined in others. The papules are painless, harmless and non sexually transmitted. They usually appear in late puberty and are thought to disappear with age.[13] Even though they do not require treatment, they can easily be removed, especially for aesthetic purposes.[14]
Idalberto Valdes

Idalberto Valdes is a volleyball player from Cuba. Idalberto competed at the 1992 Summer Olympics. He was born on 14 April 1967.

Sebastián Jabif

Sebastián Jabif is a volleyball player from Argentina. Sebastián competed at the 1996 Summer Olympics. He was born on 24 January 1973.

Pablo Pereira

Pablo Pereira is a retired Argentine volleyball player. He competed at the 1996 Summer Olympics and the 2000 Summer Olympics. He was born on 18 January 1974.

Guillermo Quaini

Guillermo Quaini is a retired volleyball player from Argentina. Guillermo competed at the 1996 Summer Olympics. He was born on 6 November 1971.

Eduardo Rodríguez

Eduardo Rodríguez is a volleyball player from Argentina. Eduardo competed at the 1996 Summer Olympics. He was born on 15 December 1971.

Carlos Luna

Carlos Luna is a retired volleyball player from Venezuela. Carlos competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics. He was born on 25 January 1981.

Lazaro Beltran

Lazaro Beltran is a volleyball player from Cuba. Lazaro competed at the 1992 Summer Olympics. He was born on 27 February 1964.

Namib Dune (Mars)

The Namib Dune or Mt. Sharp, in the planet Mars is a dune in the "Husband Hill" found in the region of the "Aeolis quadrangle" in the community of "El Dorado" with a height of 23 and 7 meters and with degree 360, first detected by Perseverance (rover) from Pasadena, California, United States on Earth.

The Namib Dune on "Husband Hill" can be seen and is located on the Sharp Mountain side of Mars it has a level of 28 and a height of 16 (5 meters) shot from the camera (Mastcam) of NASA it was taken at every interval of the hemisphere from west and east,It was also seen on December 16, 2015 here on earth using the ""Curiosity" (rover)".

Ricardo Vantes

Ricardo Vantes is a retired indoor volleyball player from Cuba. Ricardo competed at the 1996 Summer Olympics. He was born on 21 April 1967.

Félix Millán

Félix Millán is a volleyball player from Cuba. Félix at the 1992 Summer Olympics. He was born on 13 October 1967.

Kerly Santos

Kerly Santos is a volleyball player from Brazil. Kerly competed at the 1988 Summer Olympics. She was born on 9 August 1970.

Josefina Capote

Josefina Capote is a volleyball player from Cuba. Josefina competed at the 1980 Summer Olympics. She was born on 12 October 1961.

Imilsis Téllez

Imilsis Téllez is a volleyball player from Cuba. Imilsis competed at the 1976 Summer Olympics and the 1980 Summer Olympics. She was born on 7 June 1959.

Deitre Collins

Deitre Collins is an volleyball player from USA. Deitre competed at the 1988 Summer Olympics. She was born on 3 March 1962.

Leonídio de Pra

Leonídio de Pra is a volleyball player from Brazil. Leonídio competed at the 1988 Summer Olympics. He was born on 5 September 1961.

Luis Oviedo

Luis Oviedo is a volleyball player from Cuba. Luis competed at the 1980 Summer Olympics. He was born on 24 March 1957.

Carlos Ruíz

Carlos Ruíz is a volleyball player from Cuba. Carlos competed at the 1980 Summer Olympics. He was born on 9 November 1957.

Antonio Pérez

Antonio Pérez is a volleyball player from Cuba. Antonio competed at the 1980 Summer Olympics. He was born on 10 October 1956.

Mercedes Pomares

Mercedes Pomares is a volleyball player from Cuba. Mercedes competed at the 1972 Summer Olympics, the 1976 Summer Olympics and the 1980 Summer Olympics. She was born on 9 April 1954.

Ricardo Leyva

Ricardo Leyva is a volleyball player from Cuba. Ricardo competed at the 1980 Summer Olympics. He was born on 3 June 1956.

Leonardo Wiernes

Leonardo Wiernes is an volleyball player from Argentina. Leonardo competed at the 1984 Summer Olympics. He was born on 1 February 1963.

Carlos Wagenpfeil

Carlos Enrique Wagenpfeil is an retired volleyball player from Argentina. Carlos competed at the 1984 Summer Olympics. He was born on 6 June 1957.

Back to Black (song)

"Back to Black" is a 2007 song by English jazz singer Amy Winehouse. It is the third single from her second and final studio album "Back to Black". It went to number 8 in the United Kingdom and Switzerland, number 11 in Ireland, number 3 in Italy, number 1 in Greece, number 18 in the Netherlands and Germany, number 6 in Israel and number 56 in Austria.






Alcides Cuminetti

Alcides Cuminetti is a volleyball player from Argentina. Alcides competed at the 1984 Summer Olympics. He was born on 19 January 1960.

Heritability of autism

The heritability of autism is how much of people getting autism is because of their genes. It is also the way that the genes create autism. Autism is mostly genetic, and it has a heritability of 80% to 90%. Heritability is how much genes can explain who gets autism and who doesn't. The environment can still be very important even with a large heritability. Heritability is estimated by studying twins. Since both twins have autism most of the time, it is more genetic. It is caused by many different genes working together, not just one.

Delia Córdova

Delia Córdova was a volleyball player from Peru. Delia competed at the 1976 Summer Olympics. She was born on 30 January 1953 and died on 1 January 2016.

Mavis Guilarte

Mavis Guilarte is a volleyball player from Cuba. Mavis competed at the 1972 Summer Olympics and the 1980 Summer Olympics. She was born on 10 May 1951.

Wechsler Adult Intelligence Scale

The Wechsler Adult Intelligence Scale (shortly called WAIS) is a kind of test that measures how smart adults are. It was made by David Wechsler. The test checks different parts of being smart, like understanding words, solving problems, and remembering things. The test has been changed many times to make it better. The last change was the fourth one, so it is now called WAIS-IV.

The WAIS is one of the most commonly used tests to check how smart someone is. It can be used in many places, like schools, hospitals, and courts. The test helps people understand how a person thinks and can help them get the right help if they need it.

The test takes about 60 to 90 minutes to complete. The person who takes the test answers questions and solves puzzles. Their score tells how smart they are compared to other people of the same age.

Raven's Progressive Matrices

Raven's Progressive Matrices is a test that measures a person's ability to solve problems and think logically. It was created by a man named John C. Raven. This test is different from others because it does not depend on language or cultural knowledge. It uses images and patterns, not words.

The test is made up of many different pictures, arranged in a grid or "matrix." Each picture has a pattern, but one piece of the pattern is missing. The person taking the test needs to find the missing piece from a list of options. The test gets harder as it goes on. It starts with simple pictures and patterns, and then becomes more complex. This is why it is called "progressive". The test can show if a person is good at seeing patterns and relationships between things. This test can be used with both children and adults. It is helpful because it does not require any reading or writing skills, so it can be used with people from many different backgrounds and education levels.

Factor analysis

Factor analysis is a way to look at many pieces of information and find groups among them. These groups are called "factors". 

Factor analysis is used to see if many things are related or similar. For example, if a person is asked many questions, factor analysis could be used to see if some of the answers are similar. 

This method is used in many fields. For example, in psychology, it is used to find out if certain behaviors or feelings are related. In business, it can be used to see if different products are liked by the same group of people.

Factor analysis makes it easier to understand large amounts of data. It can help to show important patterns and relationships in the data. It can also help to simplify complex information.

Charles Spearman

Charles Spearman was a psychologist. He was born in London, England on September 10, 1863. He died on September 17, 1945. He is known for his work in understanding how people are smart. He also made statistical tests that people still use. One of these is called "Spearman's rank correlation coefficient." 

He made a method named "factor analysis". This method helps find patterns in a lot of complex information. 

He discovered that if someone is good at one mental task, they are probably good at other mental tasks too. He named this "general intelligence" or "g factor".

Leopold Neumer

Leopold Neumer (8 February 1919 – 19 March 1990) was an Austrian football player. He played as striker mainly for FK Austria Wien. He also played for the Austrian national football team.
Leopold Neumer began his career at 1. Simmeringer SC. In 1935 he moved to FK Austria Wien. From the 1936/37 season he was regularly part of the first team. Leopold Neumer played eleven years for the team until the 1946/47 season. He ended his career after the 1953/54 season after playing for Favoritner FK Blau-Weiß and again for Simmering.
He debuted on 10 October 1937 for the Austrian national football team in a 1-2 loss versus Hungary.
His last match was on 14 April 1946 in a 3:2 victory over Hungary. For Austria he played four matches and scored two goals. 

After the occupation of Austria by Nazi Germany he also played for Germany in the FIFA World Cup 1938 versus Switzerland.


Ana Díaz

Ana Díaz is a volleyball player from Cuba. Ana competed at the 1972 Summer Olympics, the 1976 Summer Olympics and the 1980 Summer Olympics. She was born on 17 February 1954.

Electoral district of King (South Australia)

King is an electoral district of South Australia. It was created in 2016.

King is in Adelaide.

Additive genetics

Additive genetics are genes that add together to create an effect on a trait. It happens if multiple genes affect the same trait or phenotype. This can be genes for height or genes for if someone gets a disease. For example, one gene might cause someone to be a millimeter taller. A different gene might cause someone to be two millimeters taller. Since the effect of the genes add together, having both of these genes would result in being three (one plus two) millimeters taller.

When genes do not add together, it is called dominance or epistasis, which can be important for Menedelian (single-gene) diseases. Sometimes, even when there are some dominant genes, additive genetics can be more important.

Complex traits are usually determined by many genes which add together. For example, dominance is not important compared to additive genetics for some traits, including height, weight, blood pressure, and heart rate.


Electoral district of Lee

Lee is an electoral district of South Australia. It was created in 1993.

Lee is in Adelaide.

Maura Alfonso

Maura Alfonso is a volleyball player from Cuba. Maura competed at the 1980 Summer Olympics. She was born on 13 September 1955.

Lucila Urgelles

Lucila Urgelles is a volleyball player from Cuba. Lucila competed at the 1976 Summer Olympics and the 1980 Summer Olympics. She was born on 31 October 1957.

Erenia Díaz

Erenia Díaz is a volleyball player from Cuba. Erenia competed at the 1980 Summer Olympics. She was born on 14 April 1958.

Electoral district of Light

Light is an electoral district of South Australia. It was created in 1857, abolished in 1902 and recreated in 1938.

Light is in Adelaide.

Electoral district of Mawson

Mawson is an electoral district of South Australia. It was created in 1970.

Electoral district of Newland

Newland is an electoral district of South Australia. It was created in 1977.

Newland is in Adelaide.

Mazda CX-30

The Mazda CX-30 is a car made by Mazda, a Japanese car brand

It is a small Japanese crossover SUV that is positioned above the Mazda CX-3, and below the Mazda CX-5. It has a bold and stylish design fit into a small size. It is made for smaller places like urban areas.

It started production in October 2019, and is code named ‘DM’.
It has a sleek and stylish design that fits is seen in a lot of Mazda cars. It is mainly produced in North American, Japan and China. It has another version called the Mazda MX-30.

Electoral district of Playford

Playford is an electoral district of South Australia. It was created in 1970.

Playford is in Adelaide.

Ana María García

Ana María García is a volleyball player from Cuba. Ana competed at the 1976 Summer Olympics and the 1980 Summer Olympics. She was born on 6 November 1957.

Electoral district of Port Adelaide

Port Adelaide is an electoral district of South Australia. It was created in 1857, abolished in 1970 and recreated in 2002.

Port Adelaide is in Adelaide.

Tom Jones (volleyball player)

Tom Jones is a retired volleyball player from Canada. Tom competed at the 1984 Summer Olympics. He was born on 12 November 1956.

Rick Bacon

Rick Bacon is a retired volleyball player from Canada. Rick competed at the 1984 Summer Olympics. He was born on 17 January 1955.

Paul Gratton

Paul Gratton is a retired volleyball player from Canada. Paul competed at the 1984 Summer Olympics. He was born on 8 November 1958.

Electoral district of Ramsay

Ramsay is an electoral district of South Australia. It was created in 1985.

Ramsay is in Adelaide.

Indirect genetic effects

Indirect genetic effects happen when a person is affected by another person's genes. This is different from "direct" genetic effects, when one's own genes have an effect. This can be done by friends or family members. It is called "genetic nurture" if the genes that affect the person are present in the person's parents. Genetic nurture only involves the genes that aren't passed down to the child.

A mother or father might have genes that cause them to feel sad or depressed. This might change the way they treat their child. The way they treat their child could make the child feel sad or depressed. In this way, the genes of the mother or father affected the child, even though the child did not have the genes for being depressed.

Some research says that certain behaviors or diseases are caused by the environment because they see a correlation, or a relationship, between an environment and the behavior or disease. However, it could be caused by indirect genetic effects instead of by the environment. Understanding this can help us realize that many disorders, such as dyslexia, are not the fault of the mother and father. Sometimes, changes are made to a child's life to prevent a disorder. These changes are called interventions. Understanding indirect genetic effects could help scientists know which interventions will not work.

Scientists are able to study indirect genetic effects on a child, even if those effects come from the child's parents. This can be difficult because the parents also pass down genes to the child. Scientists only look at genes that are not passed down. If they did not do this, they might be measuring the direct effect of the gene. They do this by getting information on many of the genes in the mother, father, and child, to see which ones are passed down. To study indirect genetic effects, scientists only look at the genes that were not passed down.

These indirect genetic effects are important for educational success, psychological wellbeing, and physical health. However, direct genetic effects are still important. For example, the direct effect of genes is twice as important as the indirect effect of genes for determining someone's level of education. Most of genetic nurture is often because genes that change a parent's own education and socioeconomic status. These changes in education and socioeconomic status change the child's development.

Electoral district of Reynell

Reynell is an electoral district of South Australia. It was created in 1993.

Reynell is in South Australia.

Electoral district of Taylor

Taylor is an electoral district of South Australia. It was created in 1993.

Taylor is in Adelaide.

Electoral district of Torrens

Torrens is an electoral district of South Australia. It was created in 1902, abolished in 1915, recreated in 1935, reabolished in 1985 and recreated again in 1993.

Torrens is in Adelaide.

Electoral district of Waite

Waite is an electoral district of South Australia. It was created in 1993.

Waite is in Adelaide.

Electoral district of West Torrens

West Torrens is an electoral district of South Australia. It was created in 1857, abolished in 1902, recreated in 1915, reabolished in 1938, recreated again in 1956, reabolished again in 1970 and recreated for a fourth time in 2002.

West Torrens is in Adelaide.

Mazda CX-3

The Mazda CX-3 is a car made by Mazda, a Japanese car brand

It is a small Japanese crossover SUV and is the smallest car made by the brand. It is made to fit into small areas, and designed for smaller cities and urban areas.

It started production in November 2014, and is code named ‘DK’.
It is sleek and stylish, and is positioned below the larger Mazda CX-30.

In 2018, the CX-3 had gotten a small facelift with newer looking headlights and taillights.

Electoral district of Wright

Wright is an electoral district of South Australia. It was created in 1993.

Wright is in Adelaide.

2021 Tasmanian state election

The 2021 Tasmanian state election was held on 1 May 2021 to elect all 25 members of the Tasmanian House of Assembly. It was conducted by the Tasmanian Electoral Commission (TEC).

The incumbent Liberal government, led by Premier Peter Gutwein, won a third term in government. They were opposed by the Labor Party, led by Rebecca White. It was the first time since the Liberal Party was created in 1945 that a non-Labor government won a third term in office in Tasmania. Gutwein called an early election.

Don Saxton

Don Saxton is a retired volleyball player from Canada. Don competed at the 1984 Summer Olympics. He was born on 7 December 1956.

Alan Taylor

Alan Taylor is a volleyball player from Canada. Alan competed at the 1976 Summer Olympics. He was born on 11 December 1950.

2018 Tasmanian state election

The 2018 Tasmanian state election was held on 3 March 2018 to elect all 25 members of the Tasmanian House of Assembly. It was conducted by the Tasmanian Electoral Commission (TEC).

The incumbent Liberal government, led by Premier Will Hodgman, won a second term in government. They were opposed by the Labor Party, led by Rebecca White.

Deraldo Wanderley

Deraldo Wanderley is a volleyball player from Brazil. Deraldo competed at the 1980 Summer Olympics. He was born on 29 April 1956.

Rita Teixeira

Rita Teixeira is a retired volleyball player from Brazil. Rita competed at the 1980 Summer Olympics. She was born on 22 April 1960.

2014 Tasmanian state election

The 2014 Tasmanian state election was held on 15 March 2014 to elect all 25 members of the Tasmanian House of Assembly. It was conducted by the Tasmanian Electoral Commission (TEC).

The incumbent Labor minority government, led by Premier Lara Giddings, tried to win a fifth term in government. However, they were defeated by the Liberal Party, led by Opposition Leader Will Hodgman, in a landslide. Labor had been in power for 16 years.

2010 Tasmanian state election

The 2010 Tasmanian state election was held on 20 March 2010 to elect all 25 members of the Tasmanian House of Assembly. It was conducted by the Tasmanian Electoral Commission (TEC).

The incumbent Labor government, led by Premier David Bartlett, won a fourth term in government, after forming a minority government with the Greens. They were opposed by the Liberal Party, led by Will Hodgman.

2020 Australian Capital Territory general election

The 2020 Australian Capital Territory general election was held on 17 October 2020 to elect all 25 members of the Australian Capital Territory Legislative Assembly. It was conducted by the Australian Capital Territory Electoral Commission (ACTEC).

The incumbent Labor–Greens coalition government, led by Chief Minister Andrew Barr and Shane Rattenbury, won a sixth term in government. They were opposed by the Liberal Party, led by Alistair Coe.

2016 Australian Capital Territory general election

The 2016 Australian Capital Territory general election was held on 15 October 2016 to elect all 25 members of the Australian Capital Territory Legislative Assembly. It was conducted by the Australian Capital Territory Electoral Commission (ACTEC).

The incumbent Labor–Greens coalition government, led by Chief Minister Andrew Barr and Shane Rattenbury, won a fifth term in government. They were opposed by the Liberal Party, led by Jeremy Hanson.

2012 Australian Capital Territory general election

The 2012 Australian Capital Territory general election was held on 20 October 2012 to elect all 25 members of the Australian Capital Territory Legislative Assembly. It was conducted by the Australian Capital Territory Electoral Commission (ACTEC).

The incumbent Labor–Greens coalition government, led by Chief Minister Katy Gallagher and Meredith Hunter, won a fifth term in government. They were opposed by the Liberal Party, led by Zed Seselja. Greens leader Meredith Hunter lost her own seat, which was one of the five seats in the electorate of Ginninderra.

2024 Australian Capital Territory general election

The 2024 Australian Capital Territory general election will be held on or before 19 October 2024 to elect all 25 members of the Australian Capital Territory Legislative Assembly. It will be conducted by the Australian Capital Territory Electoral Commission (ACTEC).

The incumbent Labor–Greens coalition government, led by Chief Minister Andrew Barr and Shane Rattenbury, will be trying to win a seventh term in government. They will be opposed by the Liberal Party, led by Elizabeth Lee.

Mônica da Silva

Mônica da Silva is a volleyball player from Brazil. Mônica competed at the 1984 Summer Olympics. She was born on 9 August 1960.

2020 Northern Territory general election

The 2020 Northern Territory general election was held on 22 August 2020 to elect all 25 members of the Northern Territory Legislative Assembly. It was conducted by the Northern Territory Electoral Commission (NTEC).

The incumbent Labor government, led by Chief Minister Michael Gunner, won a second term in government. They were opposed by the Country Liberal Party (CLP), led by Lia Finocchiaro.

Lenice Oliveira

Lenice Oliveira is a volleyball player from Brazil. Lenice competed at the 1980 Summer Olympics. She was born on 24 April 1961.

Ivonete das Neves

Ivonete das Neves is a volleyball player from Brazil. Ivonete competed at the 1980 Summer Olympics. She was born on 12 August 1960.

2024 Northern Territory general election

The 2024 Northern Territory general election will be held on 24 August 2024 to elect all 25 members of the Northern Territory Legislative Assembly. It will be conducted by the Northern Territory Electoral Commission (NTEC).

The incumbent Labor government, led by Chief Minister Natasha Fyles, will be trying to win a third term in government. They will be opposed by the Country Liberal Party (CLP), led by Lia Finocchiaro.

Both leaders are women and both represent seats in Palmerston (ironically, Finocchiaro was once the member for Lawler's seat of Drysdale before changing to her current seat of Spillett).

2016 Northern Territory general election

The 2016 Northern Territory general election was held on 27 August 2016 to elect all 25 members of the Northern Territory Legislative Assembly. It was conducted by the Northern Territory Electoral Commission (NTEC).

The incumbent Country Liberal government, led by Chief Minister Adam Giles, tried to win a second term in government. However, they were defeated by the Labor Party, led by Opposition Leader Michael Gunner, in a landslide. It was a wipeout loss for the CLP, who lost all but two seats. Giles became only the second Chief Minister in Northern Territory history to lose their seat at an election. It was the first and only time that Labor won seats in the cities of Alice Springs and Katherine, which normally vote for the CLP.

Heloísa Roese

Heloísa Roese is a retired volleyball player from Brazil. Roese competed at the 1984 Summer Olympics. She was born on 14 October 1956.

Fernanda Silva

Fernanda Silva is a retired volleyball player from Brazil. Fernanda competed at the 1980 Summer Olympics and the 1984 Summer Olympics. She was born on 1 September 1958.

2012 Northern Territory general election

The 2012 Northern Territory general election was held on 25 August 2012 to elect all 25 members of the Northern Territory Legislative Assembly. It was conducted by the Northern Territory Electoral Commission (NTEC).

The incumbent Labor government, led by Chief Minister Paul Henderson, was trying to win a fourth term in government. However, they were defeated by the Country Liberal Party (CLP), led by Opposition Leader Terry Mills.

Very high frequency

Very high frequency (VHF) is an ITU designation of radio frequencies. The designation has all frequencies between 30 megahertz to 300 megahertz. Behind the VHF frequencies is called high frequency (HF). Above the VHF frequencies is called ultra high frequency (UHF).

In many parts of the world, VHF Band I was used for the broadcasting of analog television. Because of the worldwide switch to digital terrestrial television most countries request that television in the VHF range uses digital encoding, rather than analog encoding.

Electoral division of Araluen

Araluen is an electoral division of the Northern Territory. It was created in 1983.

Araluen is in Alice Springs.

Electoral division of Blain

Blain is an electoral division of the Northern Territory. It was created in 1997.

Blain is in Palmerston.

Palmerston, Northern Territory

Palmerston is a city in the Northern Territory. It is a planned satellite city of Darwin. It is the second biggest city in the Northern Territory by population.

Katherine, Northern Territory

Katherine is a town in the Northern Territory. It is the fourth biggest settlement in the Northern Territory by population.

Electoral division of Goyder

Goyder is an electoral division of the Northern Territory. It was created in 1990.

What About Me? (Kenny Rogers song)

"What About Me?" is a 1984 song by Kenny Rogers, Kim Carnes and James Ingram. It is the leading single from his 16th studio album "What About Me?". It went to number 15 in the United States, number 18 in Canada and number 49 in Australia.

Eliana Aleixo

Eliana Maria Nagib Aleixo is a retired volleyball player from Brazil. Eliana competed at the 1980 Summer Olympics. She was born on 13 July 1954.

Dora Castanheira

Dora Castanheira is a volleyball player from Brazil. Dora competed at the 1980 Summer Olympics and the 1988 Summer Olympics. She was born on 14 March 1960.

Denise Mattioli

Denise Mattioli is a volleyball player from Brazil. Denise competed at the 1980 Summer Olympics. She was born on 25 March 1952.

Teresa Nuñez

Teresa Nuñez is a volleyball player from Peru. Teresa competed at the 1968 Summer Olympics and the 1976 Summer Olympics. She was born on 20 March 1951.

Mercedes Gonzáles

Mercedes Gonzáles is a retired volleyball player from Peru. Mercedes competed at the 1976 Summer Olympics. She was born on 31 October 1954.

María Ostolaza

María Ostolaza is a volleyball player from Peru. María competed at the 1976 Summer Olympics. She was born on 26 February 1953.

Miriam Herrera

Miriam Herrera is a volleyball player from Cuba. Miriam competed at the 1972 Summer Olympics and the 1976 Summer Olympics. She was born on 28 July 1950.

Mercedes Roca

Mercedes Roca is a volleyball player from Cuba. Mercedes competed at the 1972 Summer Olympics and the 1976 Summer Olympics. She was born on 27 November 1952.

Irma Cordero

Irma Cordero was a volleyball player from Peru. Irma competed at the 1968 Summer Olympics and the 1976 Summer Olympics. She was born on 8 March 1942.

Ana María Ramírez

Ana María Ramírez is a volleyball player from Peru. Ana competed at the 1968 Summer Olympics. She was born on 28 August 1948.

Nelly Barnet

Nelly Barnet is a volleyball player from Cuba. Nelly competed at the 1972 Summer Olympics, the 1976 Summer Olympics and the 1980 Summer Olympics. She was born on 13 January 1951.

Province of Moray

Moray was a province within the area of modern-day Scotland. Up to the 12th century, Moray may have acted as an independent kingdom or power base for competing claimants to the Kingdom of Alba. The status of Moray's rulers in unclear, with some being described as kings and others as mormaers.

Married At First Sight

Married At First Sight is an international reality television franchise. It originated in Denmark and has versions in Australia, America and Britain. The show is a social experiment where strangers are matched by dating experts and "marry" each other. At the end of each series, each couple decides if they want to stay together. The show, especially the Australian version, is known for its heated confrontations and controversial contestants.

Electoral division of Mulka

Mulka is an electoral division of the Northern Territory. It was created in 2020, replacing Nhulunbuy.

Electoral division of Barkly

Barkly is an electoral division of the Northern Territory. It was created in 1974.

Electoral division of Braitling

Braitling is an electoral division of the Northern Territory. It was created in 1983.

Braitling is in Alice Springs.

Electoral division of Brennan

Brennan is an electoral division of the Northern Territory. It was created in 1990.

Brennan is Palmerston.

Electoral division of Katherine

Katherine is an electoral division of the Northern Territory. It was created in 1987.

Electoral division of Namatjira

Namatjira is an electoral division of the Northern Territory. It was created in 2012.

Electoral division of Nelson (Northern Territory)

Nelson is an electoral division of the Northern Territory. It was created in 1990.

Electoral division of Spillett

Spillett is an electoral division of the Northern Territory. It was created in 2016.

Spillett is in Palmerston.

Evelina Borroto

Evelina Borroto is a volleyball player from Cuba. Evelina competed at the 1972 Summer Olympics and the 1976 Summer Olympics. She was born on 23 December 1949.

Trinidad Macías

Trinidad Macías is a volleyball player from Mexico. Trinidad competed at the 1968 Summer Olympics. She was born on 30 May 1942.

Patricia Nava

Patricia Nava is a volleyball player from Mexico. Patricia competed at the 1968 Summer Olympics. She was born on 31 August 1948.

Carolina Mendoza

Carolina Mendoza is a volleyball player from Mexico. Carolina competed at the 1968 Summer Olympics. She was born on 27 May 1946.

Blanca García

Blanca García is a volleyball player from Mexico. Blanca competed at the 1968 Summer Olympics. She was born on 7 April 1947.

María Cervera

María Cervera is a volleyball player from Peru. María competed at the 1976 Summer Olympics. She was born on 26 February 1956 and died on 16 October 2018.

Melania Tartabull

Melania Tartabull is a volleyball player from Cuba. Melania competed at the 1976 Summer Olympics. She was born on 22 October 1955.

Claudina Villaurrutia

Claudina Villaurrutia is a volleyball player from Cuba. Claudina competed at the 1972 Summer Olympics and the 1976 Summer Olympics. She was born on 17 May 1955.

Sérgio Danilas

Sérgio Danilas is a volleyball player from Brazil. Sérgio competed at the 1976 Summer Olympics. He was born on 30 May 1952.

Graham O’Brien

Graham O'Brien is a fictional character created by Chris Chibnall and portrayed by Bradley Walsh in the long-running British sci-fi television series Doctor Who. A retired bus driver from Essex who is in remission from cancer, the character is portrayed as an everyman. In the show's eleventh series, starting with the first episode, he served as a companion of the thirteenth incarnation of the alien time traveller known as the Doctor (portrayed by Jodie Whittaker) until the 2021 New Year's Special "Revolution of the Daleks". 
Eurovision Song Contest 1974

The Eurovision Song Contest 1974 was the 19th edition of the annual Eurovision Song Contest. The contest was held on April 6, 1974. It was hosted in Brighton, United Kingdom. The UK agreed to host it because the previous winner, Luxembourg, could not host it for a second time in a row due to expense. The presenter was Katie Boyle. France did not participate this year while Greece made their debut.

The winner was decided by a vote amongst jurors. Each participating country sent in ten jurors who each cast a vote for their favourite song. The song with the most votes/points won.

Paulo Peterle

Paulo Peterle is a volleyball player from Brazil. Paulo competed at the 1968 Summer Olympics and the 1976 Summer Olympics. He was born on 21 February 1949.

