Ali Tennant

Lorne Alistair Tennant, better known as Ali Tennant, is a British singer-songwriter and producer/vocal mentor from London, England. He is signed to BMG Chrysalis.
Beginning his song writing career in 1998, he has had credits on 17 top ten albums, 7 of which reached #1, as well as 4 singles, one of which debuted at #1. In subsequent years, Tennant has been a vocal coach and producer of a number of high profile clients such as The X Factor, The Voice UK, Jessie J ("Alive"), David Guetta ("Nothing But The Beat"), JLS ("JLS", "Outta This World", "Jukebox", "Evolution"), The Saturdays ("On Your Radar"), Olly Murs ("Olly Murs") and more.

Ministro Perejil

Ministro Perejil was the name given by Macarena Olona to Félix Bolaños on May 2022 at the Congress of Deputies.

It first was used by Vox, but it is know used by some right-wing newspapers. 

Macarena said Bolaños Ministro Perejil the day he finished her term at the Congress of Deputies, prior to the 2022 Andalusia elections. Bolaños joked saying Macarena de Salobreña, because she said she was from there to present herself to the Andalusia elections.

Bolaños get angry because of Olona reply.

Panorama (The Cars album)

Panorama is the third studio album by American new wave band The Cars, released in 1980.

The record marked a departure from the upbeat pop rock and hard rock of the group's previous albums, embodying a more aggressive and experimental sound. It was not as commercially successful as The Cars' previous or subsequent albums (until 1987's "Door to Door"). However, it peaked at number 5 on the "Billboard" 200 chart and has been certified platinum by the RIAA.

As a single from the album, the song "Touch and Go" peaked at number 37 on the "Billboard" 200.

Shake It Up (The Cars album)

Shake It Up is the fourth studio album by American rock band The Cars, released in 1981. It was the last The Cars album to be produced by Roy Thomas Baker. A much more pop-oriented album than its predecessor, its title track became their first Billboard top ten hit.
"Shake It Up" and "Since You're Gone" appear on "The Last American Virgin" soundtrack album.

"I'm Not the One" was remixed upon its inclusion on their 1985 "Greatest Hits" album, with special attention paid to the electronic percussion and echo effects. This song is also featured in the Adam Sandler movie "Billy Madison".

Door to Door (album)

Door To Door is the sixth studio album by American new wave band The Cars, released in 1987. While it was a mild commercial success, the album was panned by critics.

King Gizzard &amp; the Lizard Wizard

King Gizzard & the Lizard Wizard are an Australian rock band. They were made in Melbourne, Victoria in 2010. The band's members are Stu Mackenzie, Ambrose Kenny-Smith, Cook Craig, Joey Walker, Lucas Harwood and Michael Cavanagh. They are known for making many different types of music. They are also known for the large amount of music they have made. As of January 2024, the band has made 25 studio albums and three extended plays (EPs).

When the band started, they made music that sounded similar to garage rock. Later, they started making music that sounded more similar to psychedelic rock. Some of their first psychedelic rock albums are "Float Along – Fill Your Lungs", "Oddments" and "I'm in Your Mind Fuzz". Other music the band has made has been jazz, progressive rock, thrash metal, folk rock, and funk.

The band's first popular album was "Nonagon Infinity" (2016). The album was made so that when it ended, it looped back to the start. It won an award at the ARIA Music Awards. It was also their first album to go into the top 20 on the Australian albums chart. The album made King Gizzard more popular.

In 2017, the band made and released five albums. One of these albums ("Polygondwanaland") was put in the public domain. Since then, they have released many more albums. Many of these albums have been released independently.


Move Like This

Move Like This is the seventh and final album by American rock band The Cars, released on May 10, 2011 by Concord Music Group. The album featured all of the original band members except for bassist and vocalist Benjamin Orr, who died of pancreatic cancer in 2000.

The first single from the album, "Sad Song", was released in mid-March. Other songs in the album include "Blue Tip" and "Free". FMQB described "Free" as a "return to the classic Cars sound that fans know and love."

According to "Billboard" magazine, the album was recorded in engineer Paul Orofino's home studio in Millbrook, New York. The Cars did not add a new bassist to the line-up to replace Orr; instead, keyboardist Greg Hawkes programmed or performed all of the bass parts on the album.

"Move Like This" makes the first Cars reunion to feature vocalist Ric Ocasek since their 1988 split. In 1997, Ocasek was quoted as saying the band would "never" reunite. A partial reunion of the band occurred in 2005 when Hawkes and lead guitarist Elliot Easton toured with singer Todd Rundgren as "The New Cars"; neither Ocasek nor Cars drummer David Robinson participated, and Rundgren's line-up broke up after two years of touring.

This was the last appearance by Ric Ocasek before his death on 15 September 2019. 
In April 2011, the band announced a North American tour to promote the album. The eleven-city tour kicked off May 10 in Seattle and wrapped up May 26 at the House of Blues in Boston. The performances and track listings received mixed reviews: "Hollywood Reporter" reviewer Erik Pedersen found "Move Like This" to be a "surprisingly good" album but described the May 12 Hollywood Palladium show as "icy" and unenthusiastic. "San Jose Mercury News" reviewer Jim Harrington described the band's performance at Oakland's Fox Theater as "incredibly flat and dispassionate", but praised the band's "solid" musicianship.

Songs performed on the tour include the "Move Like This" tracks "Blue Tip", "Keep on Knocking", "Sad Song", "Free", "Drag on Forever" and "Hits Me", as well as material from the band '70s and '80s albums. On tour, Orr's bass parts were performed by Hawkes on keyboard and bass; the vocals on songs originally sung by Orr ("Just What I Needed", "Let's Go" and "Moving in Stereo") were performed by Ocasek.

This enhanced CD also has videos for "Sad Song" and "Blue Tip". "Rocket USA" is a cover of a 1977 song by the American band Suicide, from their self-titled debut.

Gahirat

Gahrat is a village in lower Chitral District, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, Pakistan. Gahirat castle was built here in 1912.


Greatest Hits (The Cars album)

Greatest Hits is a compilation album by the new wave band The Cars. It was released in October 1985 on Elektra Records. "Tonight She Comes," a previously unreleased song, was issued as a single in 1985 to support this greatest hits package. The album was a commercial success, going six times platinum.

Georgie Denbrough

<nowiki> </nowiki>Georgie Elmer Denbrough (also known as "Georgie") is a fictional character from the novel It by Stephen King. He also appears in the 1990 TV miniseries, and theatrical film series. In the Indian TV series, Georgie is played by Prashant Rane. He's played by Jackson Robert Scott in the 2017 and 2019 films, and he's played by Tony Dakota in the 1990 miniseries. 

Just What I Needed: The Cars Anthology

Just What I Needed: The Cars Anthology is a greatest hits compilation by 1980s new wave rock group The Cars. It features most of the band's singles, as well as many album tracks, B-sides and previously unreleased tunes.
While the 1985 "Greatest Hits" disc contained the band's most popular hit singles, "Just What I Needed" includes an album's rarities and unreleased tracks, plus the album's deeper tracks and requisite hits.

"I'm Not the One" is the original 1980 album version, while the "Greatest Hits" was a 1986 remix. "Greatest Hits" also includes "Heartbeat City," which is not included on "Just What I Needed."
The next three songs were B-sides that had never been released on CD before:

The next 4 tracks were recorded as demos in 1977. "Leave or Stay" and "Ta Ta Wayo Wayo" were eventually re-recorded for the band's 1987 "Door to Door" album; the other 2 tracks were never re-recorded. All 4 tracks were previously unreleased recordings.
The next unreleased track is an unfinished outtake from the band's first album, featuring only Ocasek & Hawkes. It was eventually re-recorded for 1979's "Candy-O".
The previously unreleased "Slipaway" was recorded as a 24-track demo by The Cars between their first and second albums. Rather than record a finished studio version, The Cars gave the song to Ian Lloyd, who published his version later in 1979. 
The following two tracks, both versions, were initially made as backing tracks for Bebe Buell to record vocals for her 1981 EP "Covers Girl". These versions feature lead vocals from Ric Ocasek and Ben Orr, and have not been previously released.

Dynamic equilibrium

A reversible process is said to be in dynamic equilibrium when the forward and reverse processes occur at the same rate, resulting in no observable change in the system.Once dynamic equilibrium is established, the concentrations or partial pressures of all species involved in the process remain constant.

Danja (record producer)

Floyd Nathaniel Hills (born 22 February 1982), better known as Danja, is a Grammy Award-winning American record producer, musician and songwriter. 

Albert Productions

Albert Productions is an Australian record label founded in 1964 by Ted Albert, whose family owned the influential Australian music publishing company J. Albert & Son and the Macquarie radio station. 

Richie Tozier

<nowiki> </nowiki>Richard "Richie" Tozier is a fictional character from the It novel. He also appears in 1990 miniseries, Woh, and the theatrical film series. He is a stand-up comedian in the It miniseries and film. He's a disc-jockey in the 1998 TV series.

Dave Gahan

Dave Gahan (; born David Callcott; 9 May 1962) is an English singer-songwriter. He is best known as the lead singer of the New wave band Depeche Mode. Gahan has been the singer for the band since it started in 1980. "Q" magazine listed him at No. 73 on its list of the "100 Greatest Singers". He was No. 27 on its list of "The 100 Greatest Frontmen". Gahan is known for his "commanding presence on stage" and his "huge, deep baritone voice". In 2020, Gahan was made a member of the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame as a member of Depeche Mode.

Although Martin Gore is the main songwriter for Depeche Mode, Gahan has written many songs to the albums "Playing the Angel" (2005), "Sounds of the Universe" (2009), "Delta Machine" (2013), "Spirit" (2017) and "Memento Mori" (2023). He wrote four songs that were released as singles. These were "Suffer Well" in 2005, "Hole to Feed" in 2009, "Should Be Higher" in 2013 and "Cover Me" in 2017.

Gahan's albums as a solo artist are "Paper Monsters" (released 2003) and "Hourglass" (2007). He also wrote lyrics for some songs on the Soulsavers albums "The Light the Dead See" (2012), "Angels & Ghosts" (2015) and "Imposter" (2021). 

Martin Gore

Martin Lee Gore (born 23 July 1961) is an English singer-songwriter, musician, record producer and DJ. He is one of the members of the Synth-pop band Depeche Mode. Gore is the main songwriter for the band. He is the band's guitarist and keyboardist. He has also provided lead vocals occasionally. Gore has a tenor singing voice. It contrasts with Dave Gahan's baritone voice. He is also known for his stage persona. Gore has also released several solo albums. He has performed with former Depeche Mode member Vince Clarke as part of VCMG.

Peter Gordeno (musician)

Peter Dean Gordeno (born 20 February 1964) is an English songwriter, producer and multi-instrumentalist. Since 1998, he has performed with Depeche Mode. He plays keyboard parts on some songs. He also sings some backing vocals and plays bass guitar. He and Andrew Phillpott were backing musicians with Martin Gore on a short tour called "A Night with Martin L. Gore" in 2003.


Unforgettable (French Montana song)

"Unforgettable" is a hip-hop song by French Montana featuring Swae Lee. It was released on April 7, 2017. It is from French Montana's second studio album, "Jungle Rules". The song peaked at number 3 on the US "Billboard" Hot 100. It is French Montana's first song as a lead artist to reach the Top 10, and his first successful song. The music video for the song has over 1.4 billion views on YouTube.

Elmler Akademiyasi (Baku Metro)

Elmler Akademiyasi is a Baku Metro station. It was opened on 31 December 1985. It is named after the Azerbaijan National Academy of Sciences () which is nearby.


Sahil (Baku Metro)

Sahil is a Baku Metro station. It was opened on 6 November 1967.


Gara Garayev (Baku Metro)

Gara Garayev is a Baku Metro station. It was opened on 6 November 1972. It was previously named Avrora after the Russian cruiser during the Soviet Era. It is now named after the Azerbaijani composer, Gara Garayev.


Super Freaky Girl

"Super Freaky Girl" is a hip-hop/pop-rap song by Trinidadian-American rapper Nicki Minaj. It was released on August 12, 2022. The song samples Rick James' 1981 single "Super Freak". Critics have compared this song to Minaj's 2014 single "Anaconda". This is because both songs sample classic songs and have sexually explicit lyrics. The song's lyrics are about Minaj's sexual goals and career as a musician. The song is Minaj's third US number-one single. It is her first number-one single as a solo musician.

Frizzle Fry

Frizzle Fry is the first studio album by Primus. Primus is an American rock band. The album was released on February 7, 1990. It had the band's first single, "John the Fisherman". Todd Huth played the guitar for many songs.

It is the band's only album released by Caroline Records. After making "Frizzle Fry", Primus became more popular. They joined a larger record label named Interscope Records. "Frizzle Fry" was released again in 2002. This release of the album had an extra song on it. Les Claypool has said that "Frizzle Fry" is his favorite Primus album.

Avtovagzal (Baku Metro)

Avtovağzal is a Baku Metro station. It was opened on 19 April 2016, connecting the Baku International Bus Terminal to the Baku Metro network.


Darnagul (Baku Metro)

Darnagul is a Baku Metro station. It was opened on 29 June 2011.


Hazi Aslanov (Baku Metro)

Hazi Aslanov is a Baku Metro station. It was opened on 10 December 2002. It is named after the Azerbaijani-Soviet major general, Hazi Aslanov.


David Robinson

David Robinson (born April 2, 1949 in Woburn, Massachusetts) is an American rock drummer. He was in many rock bands like The Modern Lovers, DMZ, and The Cars.

He went to Woburn Memorial High School. 

David has left the music industry and was not involved in the formation of The New Cars.

Shake It Up &amp; Other Hits

Shake It Up & Other Hits is a budget compilation album of songs by The Cars, released by Rhino Records in 2001.

Gypsy Woman

Gypsy Woman (She's Homeless) is a Garage house song by American singer Crystal Waters. It was released on April 3, 1991. It is from her debut album, Surprise. It is famous for its La da dee la da da verse. It reached number-one on the charts in 8 countries.

Complete Greatest Hits (The Cars album)

Complete Greatest Hits is a compilation album by new wave band The Cars, released in 2002 by Elektra Records and Rhino Records, containing 20 singles in chronological order of their original release.

The Essentials (The Cars album)

The Essentials is a compilation of hits by The Cars, released by WEA International in 2005.

The Cars Unlocked: The Live Performances

The Cars Unlocked: The Live Performances is a 2006 live album and video of American new wave band The Cars.

AllMusic's Greg Prato gave the album a positive review, with the editorial staff giving it four out of five stars. Prato praises the diversity of the video options while criticizing part of the quality of the recordings, summarizing that it is "a most welcome addition to the Cars' discography".
All songs written by Ric Ocasek, except where noted
DVD
CD

The Elektra Years 1978–1987

The Elektra Years 1978-1987 is a boxed set containing some six albums released by the new wave rock band The Cars during that time period. Each album was newly remastered by Ted Jensen, under the supervision of Ric Ocasek. It was released in 2016 on Elektra Records.

It's All I Can Do

"It's All I Can Do" is a song by the American rock band The Cars. It is the third track from their 1979 album "Candy-O". It was written by the band's lead vocalist and rhythm guitarist, Ric Ocasek, and features bassist, Benjamin Orr, on vocals. It was released as a single on September 25, 1979, and peaked at number 41 on the "Billboard" Hot 100.
The demo version featured a different pitch of vocals with a echo-related tone, and the guitar solo is missing.
According to Brett Milano, narrator of the mini anthology "book" inside the case, said "It's All I Can Do was an affecting, straight-ahead piece of romantic pop, give or take a line like 'When I was crazy, I thought you were great.'"

The Cars North American Tour Spring 2011

The Cars North American Tour Spring 2011 is a 2011 concert tour by American band The Cars. Announced in April 2011 before the release of the band's album "Move Like This", the concerts feature material from "Move Like This" and the band's albums from the '70s and '80s. Singer/guitarist Ric Ocasek, keyboardist Greg Hawkes, guitarist Elliot Easton and drummer David Robinson performed as a quartet; original Cars singer and bassist Benjamin Orr died in 2000. Orr's bass parts were played by Hawkes on keyboard and bass; Ocasek performed vocals on songs originally sung by Orr ("Just What I Needed", "Let's Go" and "Moving in Stereo").

Double Life (song)

"Double Life" is a single by the American rock band The Cars from their second album "Candy-O". The song consists of an opening verse of Ric Ocasek singing lead vocals, then followed by all band members participating in a backing vocal verse with Ocasek still singing lead vocals during the entire bands verse as backing vocals at the same time. It then leads into a guitar solo, the vocal verse following the same pattern as the opening verse throughout the song.

The song features a short guitar solo by lead guitarist Elliot Easton, who plays a series of high-speed solo licks over a G major musical background. Some of his solo phrases deliberately end on F, the dominant seventh of G, reinforcing its role as the dominant seventh chord.

Touch and Go

"Touch and Go" is a song by American rock band The Cars from their 1980 album "Panorama". It peaked at number 37 on the US Billboard Hot 100 chart in 1980. 

The song's verses feature the use of polymeter. The bass and drums are playing in a time signature of 5/4, while the vocals, keyboards, and guitar are playing in 4/4. For the lengthy pre-chorus and chorus, all instruments (and vocals) conform to the 4/4 signature. As with the guitar solo, only some sections are "stretched out" to give Elliot Easton more measures on Eminor, F, and G, to build his flashy, yet melodic, solo.
"Touch and Go" was released as the debut single from "Panorama". It peaked at number 37 on the US "Billboard" Hot 100 chart in 1980, making it the highest-charting US single from "Panorama". Its follow-up singles, "Don't Tell Me No" and "Gimme Some Slack" failed to chart.

"Touch and Go" has appeared on many of The Cars' compilation albums. These include "Greatest Hits", "", "Complete Greatest Hits", "Shake It Up & Other Hits", and "The Essentials". Aside from "Just What I Needed: The Cars Anthology", it is the only "Panorama" track to appear on said albums.

Everything at Once

Everything at Once is a song written and recorded by Lenka, released on November 5, 2012. It is from her second studio album Two. It was originally released as a promotional single in 2011, but about a year later, it was re-released as a single. It reached number-one on a billboard chart in Germany.

If We Ever Meet Again

"If We Ever Meet Again" is a pop/dance song by American producer Timbaland featuring Katy Perry, released on December 1, 2009. It is from Timbaland's third studio album "Shock Value II" and later added to Perry's deluxe third studio album "Teenage Dream". This song reached number one in New Zealand and the Czech Republic, and also peaked in the top ten in 15 countries.

Bed (Nicki Minaj song)

"Bed" is a pop song by Nicki Minaj featuring Ariana Grande, released on June 14, 2018. It is from Minaj's fourth studio album Queen. This marks the fourth collaboration between the two.

Love Myself (Hailee Steinfield song)

Love Myself is an electropop song and debut single by actress and singer Hailee Steinfeld, released on August 7, 2015. It is from her debut EP, Haiz. The lyrics speak of self-confidence, and an "ode to masturbation" in the media. It reached the top 10 in Belgium, Israel, and the United States.

Never Gonna Not Dance Again

Never Gonna Not Dance Again is a pop song by American singer Pink, released on November 4, 2022. It is from her ninth upcoming studio album, Trustfall. Critics have described this song as "vibrant, joyful, and euphoric" and "an upbeat anthem about dancing through our perpetually hard times". It commercially reached the top 10 in 7 countries.

Popping boba

Popping boba, also known as Popping pearls, is a topping used in bubble tea. Unlike traditional tapioca pearls (which are made of tapioca), Popping boba consists of a gel-like skin with juice of any flavor on the inside. This requires a spherification process.
Popping boba is also used as a topping in smoothies, slushies, and frozen yogurt.


Straight ally

A straight ally, heterosexual ally, or hetero ally (often simply called an ally) is a heterosexual and cisgender person who supports LGBT rights and movements. Straight allies help members of the LGBT community. Straight allies think that heteronormativity, homophobia, transphobia, and biphobia is just plain rude. 

Tell Her About It

"Tell Her About It" is a 1983 song by Billy Joel. It is the leading single from his ninth studio album "An Innocent Man". It went to number 1 in the United States, number 2 in Ireland, number 3 in South Africa, number 4 in the United Kingdom, number 5 in Canada, number 9 in Australia and number 12 in New Zealand.



Sweetest Pie

"Sweetest Pie" is a pop rap song by American rapper Megan Thee Stallion and British singer Dua Lipa, released on March 11, 2022. It is from Stallion's second studio album Traumazine, as it is the lead single in that album. Comercially, the song has peaked through the top 10 in Canada, Hungary, The Netherlands, and The United States.

Woman (Doja Cat song)

"Woman" is a song by American rapper Doja Cat, released on October 1, 2021. The lyrics speak of femininity and feminism. It is a sleeper success, spending several months on the charts until peeking to the top 10 and 5, as it entered in the top 10 in 12 countries, mainly in Europe.

Swalla

"Swalla" is a dancehall song by Jason Derulo featuring Nicki Minaj and Ty Dolla Sign, released on February 24, 2017. The song was originally going to be the first single from Jason Derulo's fifth studio album. Commercially, the song has peaked the top 10 in 23 countries, making it a worldwide success.

South of the Border (Ed Sheeran song)

"South of the Border" is a Latin pop/Hip hop/R&B/Pop rap song by British singer-songwriter Ed Sheeran featuring Cuban-American singer Camila Cabello and Dominican-American singer Cardi B, released on July 12, 2019. It is in Sheeran's fourth studio album, "No.6 Collaborations Project". Comercially, it reached the top eight and got certified Gold or higher in eleven countries.

Dandelions (song)

"Dandelions" is a pop song by Ruth B., released on April 28, 2017. It is from her debut album, Safe Haven. In August 2021, it was re-issued separately in a "slowed + reverb" version. In 2022, the song went viral on TikTok and peaked at the top 10 in India, Malaysia, Singapore, and the United States.

James Wilkinson

James Wilkinson (March 24, 1757 – December 28, 1825) was an American soldier, politician, and double agent who was connected with several scandals and controversies.
He served in the Continental Army during the American Revolutionary War, but he was forced twice to quit. He was twice the Senior Officer of the U.S. Army, selected to be the first Governor of the Louisiana Territory in 1805, and commanded two unsuccessful campaigns in the St. Lawrence River theater during the War of 1812. He died while posted as a peacekeeper in Mexico City.

In 1854, following long archival research in the Spanish archives in Madrid, Louisiana historian Charles Gayarré exposed Wilkinson as having been a highly paid spy in the service of the Spanish Empire. In the years since Gayarré's research became public, Wilkinson has been terribly strongly criticized by American historians and politicians. According to President Theodore Roosevelt, "In all our history, there is no more despicable character." However, he has been defended, especially in breaking up the Burr conspiracy.
James Wilkinson was born on March 24, 1757, the son of Joseph Wilkinson and Alethea (Heighe) Wilkinson. Wilkinson's birthplace was about three miles (5 km) northeast of Benedict, Charles County, Maryland, on a farm south of Hunting Creek in Calvert County. 

Wilkinson's grandfather had been good enough rich to buy a large property known as Stoakley Manor in Calvert County. Even though James Wilkinson's family lived on a smaller estate than those of Maryland's elite, they still saw themselves as members of the higher social class. According to historian Andro Linklater, Wilkinson grew up with the idea that "the image of respectability excused the reality of betrayal". His father received Stoakley Manor but by then the family was in debt. Joseph Wilkinson died in 1763, and in 1764 Stoakley Manor was broken up and sold. Wilkinson's older brother Joseph received what was left of the manor property after his father died. As the second son, James Wilkinson received no land.

Wilkinson's father had left him with the last words of "My son, if you ever put up with an insult, I will disinherit you." Biographer Andro Linklater argued that this upbringing led to Wilkinson's aggressive reaction toward perceived insults. Wilkinson's early education by a private teacher was given money by his mother-based grandmother. His study of medicine at the University of Pennsylvania, also was given money by his grandmother, was interrupted by the American Revolutionary War.

Wilkinson married Ann Biddle (1742–1807) of the well-known Biddle family of Philadelphia on November 12, 1778, in Philadelphia. She was a first cousin of Charles Biddle, an business partner of Aaron Burr, and Wilkinson's marriage to the energetic Biddle helped his career as a politician and general. She died on February 23, 1807.

The couple had four sons: John (1780–1796), James Biddle (c. 1783–1813), Joseph Biddle (1789–1865), and Walter (born 1791). James and Walter both served as Captains in the US Army. 

On March 5, 1810, Wilkinson married Celestine Laveau Trudeau, widow of Thomas Urquhart and daughter of Charles Laveau Trudeau. They were the parents of twin girls Marie Isabel and Elizabeth Stephanie. Celestine's father, known in Louisiana as Don Carlos Trudeau, had served in the Spanish government of New Orleans. When the United States gained control of the city, he remained in New Orleans and made english-sounding his name.

Marie Isabel Wilkinson died in infancy. Elizabeth Stephanie Wilkinson (1816-1871) married Professor Toussaint Francois Bigot (1794-1869) in 1833.

Wilkinson first served in Thompson's Pennsylvania rifle military unit, 1775 to 1776, and was put into use as a captain in September 1775. He served as an assistant to Nathanael Greene during the Siege (attack) of Boston, participated in the placing of guns on the Dorchester Heights in March 1776, and following the British abandonment of Boston, went with the rest of the Continental Army to New York where he left Greene's staff and was given command of an infantry company.

Sent to Canada as part of the reinforcements for Benedict Arnold's army attacking Quebec, he arrived just in time to see the arrival of 8,000 British reinforcements under General John Burgoyne – which caused the collapse of the American effort in Canada. He became assitant to Arnold just before to the final retreat and left Canada with Arnold on the very last boat out. Shortly after that, he left Arnold's service and became an assitant to General Horatio Gates in August 1776.

When Gates sent him to Congress with official messages about the victory at the Battle of Saratoga in 1777, Wilkinson kept the Continental Congress waiting while he attended to personal affairs. When he finally showed up, he added to his own role in the victory, and was brevetted as a brigadier general (despite being only 20 years old at the time) on November 6, 1777, and selected to the newly created Board of War. The promotion over more senior colonels caused a bunch of angry people yelling among Continental officers, especially because Wilkinson's gossiping seemed to show that he was a participant in the Conway Cabal, a conspiracy to replace George Washington with Horatio Gates as commander-in-chief of the Continental Army. Gates soon had enough of Wilkinson, and the young officer was forced to quit in March 1778. On July 29, 1779, Congress selected him as the clothier-general of the Army, but he quit on March 27, 1781, due to his "lack of ability for the job".

Connecticut Post

The Connecticut Post is a daily newspaper in Bridgeport, Connecticut. It serves Fairfield County and the Lower Naugatuck Valley. The Post has Municipalities that include areas like Ansonia, Bridgeport, Darien, Derby, Easton, Fairfield, Milford, Monroe, New Canaan, Orange, Oxford, Redding, Ridgefield, Seymour, Shelton, Stratford, Trumbull, Weston, Westport and Wilton. It is owned by the Hearst Corporation, a multinational corporate media conglomerate with $4 billion in revenues. The "Connecticut Post" also gains revenue by offering classified advertising for job hunters with minimal regulations.

Quérénaing

Quérénaing is a commune in the Nord department in north France. It belongs to the Communauté d'agglomération Valenciennes Métropole. The popularity was 925 people in 2007.

The Daily Voice (American hyperlocal news)

Daily Voice, formerly Main Street Connect, is an American community journalism company based in Norwalk, Connecticut. It operates many town-based news web sites in Westchester County, Dutchess County, Putnam County, Rockland County in New York; Bergen County, Passaic County in New Jersey; and Fairfield County, Connecticut.

WRRV

WRRV (92.7 FM) is an American radio station. It is located in Middletown, New York. The station serves Orange County. It broadcast area includes parts of the mid Hudson Valley and Catskills Mountains. The station is owned by Townsquare Media. It broadcasts an alternative rock radio format. WRRV's programming is simulcast on 96.9 WRRB Arlington, New York. WRRB serves the Mid-Hudson Valley, north of WRRV's signal.

WRKI

WRKI (95.1 MHz, "I-95") is an American commercial FM radio station licensed in Brookfield, Connecticut, and serves Fairfield, Litchfield and New Haven Counties in Connecticut. From its tower at more than 1200 feet above sea level (HAAT:194 m./674 ft.) WRKI's 29,500 watt signal can be heard in such large Connecticut cities as Bridgeport, Danbury, Stamford and New Haven.

The Journal News

The Journal News is an American newspaper in New York State serving the New York counties of Westchester, Rockland, and Putnam, better known as the Lower Hudson Valley. It is owned by Gannett.

San Antonio Express-News

The San Antonio Express-News is an American daily newspaper located in San Antonio, Texas. It is owned by Hearst Corporation and has offices in San Antonio and Austin, Texas. The "Express-News" is the third largest newspaper in the state of Texas, with a daily circulation of nearly 100,000 copies in 2016.

SFGATE

SFGATE is an American news website. It is based out of San Francisco, California. The website covers news, culture, travel, food, politics and sports in the Bay Area, Hawaii and California. The site is owned by Hearst Newspapers. It has between 25 and 30 million readers a month. It is the second most popular news site in California after the Los Angeles Times.

One Touch of Nature (1909 movie)

One Touch of Nature is a 1909 American silent drama movie directed by D. W. Griffith and stars Arthur V. Johnson, Florence Lawrence, and Marion Leonard.


Pippa Passes (movie)

Pippa Passes is a 1909 American silent drama movie directed by D. W. Griffith and stars Gertrude Robinson, George Nichols, and Arthur V. Johnson. The movie is based on a play Pippa Passes by Robert Browning.


The Politician's Love Story

The Politician's Love Story is a 1909 American silent drama movie directed by D. W. Griffith and stars Mack Sennett, Kathlyn Williams, and Lee Dougherty.


The Prussian Spy

The Prussian Spy is a 1909 American silent drama movie directed by D. W. Griffith and stars Marion Leonard, Harry Solter, and Owen Moore.


The Red Man's View

The Red Man's View is a 1909 American western movie directed by D. W. Griffith and stars Owen Moore, James Kirkwood, and Kate Bruce.


The Renunciation

The Renunciation is a 1909 American silent movie directed by D. W. Griffith and stars Mary Pickford, Anthony O'Sullivan, and James Kirkwood.


Resurrection (1909 movie)

Resurrection is a 1909 American silent drama movie directed by D. W. Griffith and stars Arthur V. Johnson, Florence Lawrence, and Marion Leonard.


The Road to the Heart

The Road to the Heart is a 1909 American silent comedy-drama movie directed by D. W. Griffith and stars David Miles, Anita Hendrie, and Herbert Yost.


The Roue's Heart

The Roue's Heart is a 1909 American silent drama movie directed by D. W. Griffith and stars Harry Solter, Linda Arvidson, and John R. Cumpson.


A Rude Hostess

A Rude Hostess is a 1909 American silent comedy movie directed by D. W. Griffith and stars Marion Leonard, Arthur V. Johnson, and Frank Powell.


Corpus (linguistics)

A Corpus (NOTE Irregular plural: "Corpora") is a database of collected Multi-word examples of natural human language(s) as actually used.

83 (movie)

83 is a 2021 Indian Hindi language biographical sports movie. It was written and directed by Kabir Khan and produced by Deepika Padukone, Kabir Khan, Vishnu Vardhan Induri, Sajid Nadiadwala, Reliance Entertainment. It was based on the 1983 Cricket World Cup, where the Indian national cricket team won the match. The movie starred Ranveer Singh, Deepika Padukone, Jiiva, Pankaj Tripathi, Tahir Raj Bhasin, Saqib Saleem, Jatin Sarna, Chirag Patil, Dinker Sharma, Nishant Dahiya, Harrdy Sandhu, Sahil Khattar, Ammy Virk, Adinath Kothare, Dhairya Karwa and R. Badree.

It premiered at the Red Sea International Film Festival on 15 December and released around the world on 24 December 2021 (Christmas Eve) in conventional 2D and 3D formats. It was distributed by Reliance Entertainment and PVR Pictures in Tamil, Telugu, Kannada and Malayalam languages, apart from the original version.


Mamara language

Mamara is a language of Mali.

Kalamse language

Kalamse is a language of Burkina Faso and Mali.

2022–2023 Peruvian unrest

The 2022–2023 Peruvian unrest is a series of demonstrations in Peru. They were called by the ousted president, Pedro Castillo. They began on 7 December 2022. Police shot demonstrators in Ayacucho and Juliaca.

Tagdal

Tagdal (Tuareg name: "Tagdalt") is a mixed Northern Songhay language of central Niger. There are two dialects in the language namely Tagdal proper and Tabarog.

Tasawaq

Tasawaq is a Northern Songhay language also called "Ingelshi". It is spoken in a small community in Niger.

Tetserret

Tetserret is a language of Niger, it has features of a berber language

Koyra Chiini language

Koyra Chiini is a language of Mali.

Maurice Ferares

Maurice Ferares (5 January 1922 – 18 December 2022) was a Dutch resistance member, politician, writer and violist.

Ferares was born in Amsterdam in 1922 and grew up in the neighbourhood Transvaalbuurt. He was a member of the Jewish working-class family. He studied violin at the Conservatorium van Amsterdam until but he was refused as being Jew in early 1942 during World War II. He became a resistance member during World War II and survived the holocaust. He became a politician. Over the years, Ferares was a member of the Communist Party of the Netherlands (CPN), (RCP), Labour Party (PvdA) and Socialist Party (SP). He remained socially engaged in East Amsterdam. Ferares also wrote several non-fiction books.

Ferares died on 18 December 2022, at the age of 100.

Globin

The globins are a superfamily of heme-containing globular proteins. They bind and transport oxygen.

Two prominent members include myoglobin and hemoglobin. Both of them reversibly bind oxygen in a heme prosthetic group. They are in many organisms.

Ward Smets

Edouard "Ward" Smets known as Nonkel Ward (21 November 1929 – 23 December 2022) was a Belgian puppeteer from Antwerp. He was a puppeteer for 67 years.

Smets was born in Seefhoek, Antwerp in 1929. He had a brother who was 18 years older. During World War II he lost both his parents. He lived for four years in the "Heilig Kruis" boys' home in Zandhoven. He worked for a while at the .

In the mid-1960s he performed at theatre in Antwerp. In 1965 he played 26 albums of "Piet Pienter en Bert Bibber" at the "Kalkoense Haan" room in Antwerp. Smets made the dolls himself. His wife Denise Matthys made the clothes. Until a late age he gave puppet shows. When he was eigthy years old, he created eight village figures from on a (heritage day).

Smets died at residential care campus WZC Cadiz in Antwerp on 23 December 2022, at the age of 93.

Reza Safaei

Reza Safaei (; born June 27, 1990 in Kuhdasht) is an Iranian volleyball player. He plays as an opposite for the Iranian club Paykan.

Safaei in 2012 was invited to play for the Iran senior national team by Julio Velasco. He made his first match in the 2013 Islamic Solidarity Games in Indonesia.

Islamic Solidarity Games

Gold medal (1): 2013

Gold medal (1): Asian Men's Club Volleyball Championship (2011)

Iranian Super League. 2014–15 Iranian Volleyball Super League


AA

AA, Aa, Double A, or Double-A may refer to:




















Eloise Greenfield

Eloise Greenfield (May 17, 1929 – August 5, 2021) was an American writer of children's books and poetry. She was well-known for her sense of rhythm and description of the African-American experience, including efforts to end racism in the United States.





Robert Juranic

Robert Juranic (29 May 1904 – 8 December 1973) was an Austrian footballer.
He played for Floridsdorfer AC and Libertas Wien in Austria, FC St. Gallen in Switzerland and Jednota Zilina in Slovakia as forward.

He played in six matches for the Austria national football team from 1926 to 1928 and scored three goals. He debuted on 30 May 1926 in a 4-1 win versus France. In this match he also scored his first goal for the national team. His last match was a 2-0 win versus Switzerland on 28 October 1928.

Larry LaLonde

Reid Laurence "Larry" LaLonde (born September 12, 1968) is an American guitarist. He is known for playing guitar for Primus. He has been in Primus since 1989. He was in other bands before he joined Primus. These bands are Possessed and Blind Illusion. 

LaLonde was born in Oakland, California. Joe Satriani taught him how to play the guitar. LaLonde started a heavy metal band named Blizzard when he was in high school. He left the band to join Possessed. Possessed is a death metal band. He helped make the band's first album, "Seven Churches". This was one of the first death metal albums. It was released in 1985.

Possessed released one more album before the band ended. It ended in 1987. LaLonde joined the band Blind Illusion in 1988. LaLonde became friends with Les Claypool in the band. In 1989, Claypool asked him to join Primus. Primus was Claypool's funk metal band. LaLonde left Blind Illusion, and joined Primus.

After LaLonde joined the band, Primus started making music. Their first album was named "Suck on This". It was a live album. In 1990, the band released the album "Frizzle Fry". This was the band's first successful album. Primus joined Interscope Records, a big record label. They made five more albums. Two of these albums were certified platinum by the RIAA. In 2000, the band stopped making music.

When Primus stopped making music, LaLonde made a new band. It was named No Forcefield. He made it with Bryan Mantia. Mantia had played the drums for Primus. No Forcefield made two albums.

In 2002, Primus started making music again. They made more albums. They also made compilation albums.

Consumerism

With the Industrial Revolution, companies started to produce more goods that they would be able to sell. Overproduction occurs when there is more supply of a good than there is demand for it. Manufacturers use concepts such a planned obsolescence and advertising to manipulate consumer spending. Consumerism is a concept to counter this: it tells people to buy more and more goods. 

In 1899, Thorstein Veblen published a book on consumerism, called "The Theory of the Leisure Class". In the book, Veblen looked at the widespread values and economic institutions which started with the widespread "leisure time" in the beginning of the 20th century. He also introduces the concepts of conspicuous and vicarious consumption and waste. All are related to display of status, and not on how useful or functional something is. Today, these kinds of goods are known as Veblen goods. 

In economics, consumerism is used for economic policies that say that consumption is important. Consumers can choose freely what products they buy. Manufacturers should focus on the goods people want (and buy). Society should be organized accordingly. 

People who prefer a simple life (sometimes called a slow life) and people who look at the effects of capitalism have criticized the concept of consumerism. Experts often say that there are physical limits to consumerism. An economy cannot grow without bounds; overconsumption is also a problem. Both have a direct impact on the environment, such as overexploitation of natural resources, or the increase in waste. Larger effects include climate change. Some research that criticizes the concept, says that consumerism also has an effect on society as a whole: it makes class barriers stronger, and increases inequalities. 

Heraclius

Heraclius (; c. 575 – 11 February 641), was Eastern Roman emperor from 610 to 641. His rise to power began in 608, when he and his father, Heraclius the Elder, the exarch of Africa, led a revolt against Phocas, an unpopular emperor. Later in Heraclius' reign officialy used "Basileus" partially replacing the traditional "Imperator, Caesar and Augustus". He placed Greek as the official languange of the Eastern Roman Empire in place of Latin and even promoting Greek Culture but nevertheless had kept much of ancient roman traditions.

Heraclius's rule was marked by a number of military campaigns. The year Heraclius came to power, the empire was threatened on many sides. Heraclius immediately took charge of the Byzantine–Sasanian War of 602–628. The first fights of the campaign ended in defeat for the Byzantines; the Persian army fought their way to the Bosphorus but Constantinople was protected by unbreakable walls and a strong navy, and Heraclius was able to avoid total defeat. Soon after, he started changes to rebuild and strengthen the military. Heraclius drove the Persians out of Asia Minor and pushed deep into their territory, defeating them clearly in 627 at the Battle of Nineveh. The Persian king Khosrow II was overthrown and executed by his son Kavad II, who soon for a peace treaty, agreeing to withdraw from all occupied territory. This way diplomatic relations were restored.

However, Heraclius soon lost many of his newly regained lands to the Rashidun Caliphate. Newly appearing from the Arabian Peninsula, the Muslims quickly won the Sasanian Empire by force. In 636, the Muslims marched into Roman Syria, defeating Heraclius's brother Theodore. Within a short period of time, the Arabs conquered Mesopotamia, Armenia and Egypt. Heraclius responded with changes which let his successors fight the Arabs and avoid total destruction.

Heraclius entered diplomatic relations with the Croats and Serbs in the Balkans. He tried to repair the schism in the Christian church in regard to the Monophysites, by promoting a compromise doctrine called Monothelitism. The Church of the East (commonly called Nestorian) was also involved in the process. Eventually this project of togetherness was rejected by all sides of the argument.



Damocles

In Greek mythology, Damocles () was a friend of (), the king of Syracuse from 405 to 367 BC.

According to legend, when he spoke of the good life of King Dionysus, the king invited him to a banquet (large public meal). A sword was placed above Damocles, held up by a single thread. Damocles was scared of the sword, and felt that he could not enjoy his meal with it hanging above him. Dionysus said that this sword was a metaphor for the pressures put on those in public life, and that they must conduct themselves accordingly.

The legend was told by Cicero in his "" ("Conversations at Tusculum"), Book V.


Mario Judah

Mario Judah (Born Dec 6, 1999) is a Ugandan-American rapper, singer-songwriter, and record producer. Judah began to produce music at the age of 19 in 2017. He rose to fame as an internet meme with his single, "Die Very Rough" and his criticism of American rapper Playboi Carti.

Anointing

Anointing is a blessing through the ritual adding of oil or fat to the head or body of a person or thing. Most religions do a version of this.


Lenka

Lenka (Born March 19, 1978) is an Australian singer-songwriter and actress best known for her song "The Show" which is from her debut album, Lenka (album)". The reason why her hit song The Show, is very popular, is because it is used in many advertisements, most notably Old Navy. Her song Everything at Once was used in a Windows 8 advertisement.

Admission

Admission may refer to:






Ruth B.

Ruth Berhe (born July 2, 1995), known by her stage name Ruth B., is a Canadian singer-songwriter. She was born and raised in Edmonton, Alberta by Ethiopians. Berhe started her music career by singing songs on the platform Vine in 2013. She released her first EP "The Intro" in November 2015. Then she released her first album "Safe Haven" in May 2017. Her 2017 song, "Dandelions", was a sleeper hit in 2022, gaining international popularity due to TikTok.

Clover Park

Clover Park is a suburb of Auckland, New Zealand. It is in South Auckland and is northwest of Papatoetoe. It is the Manukau District.

Cupcakke

Elizabeth Eden Harris, known more professionally as Cupcakke (also stylized as CupcakKe), is an American rapper. She is known for her hypersexual. She is known as her songs like CPR, Deepthroat, and more. rapping and support for LGBT, feminism, and autism awareness.

Tutti Frutti (song)

"Tutti Frutti" is a 1955 song by Little Richard and taken from his debut studio album "Here's Little Richard". It was his first major hit of his career. It was covered by Elvis Presley for the B-side to his 1956 hit single "Blue Suede Shoes" and went to number 20 in the United States. It has also been covered by Peter Kraus, Adriano Celentano, Johnny Hallyday;, the MC5, Fleetwood Mac and Queen.

Volga (disambiguation)

The Volga is a river of Russia.

Volga may also refer to:












DeLisle, Mississippi

DeLisle is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Harrison County, Mississippi, United States.

Agricola, Mississippi

Agricola is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in George County, Mississippi, United States.

Benndale, Mississippi

Benndale is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in George County, Mississippi, United States.

Henderson Point, Mississippi

Henderson Point is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Harrison County, Mississippi, United States.

Lyman, Mississippi

Lyman is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Harrison County, Mississippi, United States.

Saucier, Mississippi

Saucier is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Harrison County, Mississippi, United States.

Bolivar, Mississippi

Bolivar is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Bolivar County, Mississippi, United States.

Scott, Mississippi

Scott is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Bolivar County, Mississippi, United States.

Skene, Mississippi

Skene is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Bolivar County, Mississippi, United States.

Symonds, Mississippi

Symonds is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Bolivar County, Mississippi, United States.

Jordan Pickford

Jordan Lee Pickford (born 7 March 1994) is an English football player. He plays as a goalkeeper for Everton and the England national team.

England U21

England

Individual

Kings &amp; Queens (Ava Max song)

Kings and Queens is a Power pop song by American singer Ava Max, released on March 12, 2020. It is from her debut studio album, Heaven & Hell. The lyrics speak of feminism, matriarchy, and Female empowerment. This song gained positive reviews from critics, and also reached the top 10 in 17 countries.

Floyon

Floyon is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 520 people lived there.


Fontaine-au-Bois

Fontaine-au-Bois is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 674 people lived there.


Fontaine-au-Pire

Fontaine-au-Pire is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 1,220 people lived there.


A priori (disambiguation)

A priori (Latin, 'from the earlier') is a term used in philosophy and epistemology.

A priori or apriori may also refer to:



Forest-en-Cambrésis

Forest-en-Cambrésis is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 570 people lived there.


A posteriori (disambiguation)

A posteriori (Latin, 'from the later') is a term used in philosophy and epistemology.

A posteriori may refer to:


Forest-sur-Marque

Forest-sur-Marque is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 1,462 people lived there.


My Head &amp; My Heart

"My Head & My Heart" is a dance/pop song by Ava Max, released on November 19, 2020. It is from her debut album, "Heaven & Hell". The song samples ATC's 2000 debut single "Around the World (La La La La La)". Commercially, the song reached the top 10 in 10 countries.

Groß-Gerau

Groß-Gerau is the capital of Groß-Gerau in Hesse, Germany. It is in the southern Frankfurt Rhein-Main Region and its surrounding area.

Groß-Gerau is twinned with:


Aalto

Aalto is a Finnish surname meaning "wave". Notable people with the surname include:



Fournes-en-Weppes

Fournes-en-Weppes is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 2,231 people lived there.


Get Lucky (Daft Punk song)

"Get Lucky" is a funk/disco/pop song by French electronic music duo Daft Punk featuring American musicians Pharrell Williams and Nile Rodgers, released on April 19, 2013. It is from Daft Punk's fourth and final studio album Random Access Memories. Commercially, it reached the top 10 in 27 countries.

Bisexual community

The bisexual community, also known as the bi+, m-spec, bisexual/pansexual, or bi/pan/fluid community, are members of the LGBT community who identify as bisexual, pansexual, omnisexual, polysexual, biromantic, and sexually fluid. People in the bisexual community have romantic or sexual attraction to more than one gender. These communities come together with the lesbian, gay, and transgender communities for bigger LGBT events such as LGBT pride parades. The terms plurisexuality and multisexuality are used sometimes.

The bisexual community has bi-specific events and conferences. They also have publications, such as "Bi Women Quarterly," websites and organizations, like BiNet USA and the Bisexual Resource Center, magazines, such as "Bi Community News," writer's groups, media, including the books "Bi Any Other Name" and "Getting Bi," leaders and politicians, such as Robyn Ochs and Katie Hill, and mental health associations. Bisexual groups began forming in the 1980s in many cities. September 23 is Celebrate Bisexuality Day. The week beginning on the Sunday before Celebrate Bisexuality Day is Bisexual Awareness Week.

People who identify as bisexual can get hatred and distrust (biphobia), stereotyping, and denial (bisexual erasure) from people of all sexual orientations. People may say bisexuals are just unsure of their feelings or going through a "phase" and will or should "decide" or "discover" which sex they are attracted to. On the other hand, there is also increasing support, inclusion, and visibility of bisexuals in the LGBT community.





Ghissignies

Ghissignies is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 511 people lived there.


Fressies

Fressies is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 571 people lived there.


Fressain

Fressain is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 880 people lived there.


Frelinghien

Frelinghien is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 2,447 people lived there.


Frasnoy

Frasnoy is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 376 people lived there.


A Rural Elopement

A Rural Elopement is a 1909 American silent drama movie directed by D. W. Griffith and stars Linda Arvidson, George Gebhardt, and Harry Solter.


Nieppe

Nieppe is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 7,512 people lived there.


The Sacrifice (1909 movie)

The Sacrifice is a 1909 American silent drama movie directed by D. W. Griffith and stars Harry Solter, Florence Lawrence, and Linda Arvidson.


The Salvation Army Lass

The Salvation Army Lass is a 1909 American silent drama movie directed by D. W. Griffith and stars Florence Lawrence, Harry Solter, and Charles Inslee.


Gœulzin

Gœulzin is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 1,049 people lived there.


Jenlain

Jenlain is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 1,145 people lived there.


Schneider's Anti-Noise Crusade

Schneider's Anti-Noise Crusade is a 1909 American silent comedy movie directed by D. W. Griffith and stars John R. Cumpson, Florence Lawrence, and Anita Hendrie.


Only (Nicki Minaj song)

"Only" is a hip-hop song by Trinidadian-American rapper Nicki Minaj featuring rappers Chris Brown, Drake, and Lil Wayne, released on October 28, 2014. It is from Minaj's third studio album, "The Pinkprint", as it is the third single from the album. "Only" is described as a hip hop sing with "icy" production that sits "omniously" under dirty lyrical metaphors.

Jolimetz

Jolimetz is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 854 people lived there.


Haspres

Haspres is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 2,680 people lived there.


Gommegnies

Gommegnies is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 2,308 people lived there.


Gondecourt

Gondecourt is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 4,031 people lived there.


Oudezeele

Oudezeele is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 677 people lived there.


Tukoh Taka

"Tukoh Taka" is a reggaeton/pop 2022 FIFA Fan Festival anthem by Trinidadian-American rapper Nicki Minaj featuring musicians Maluma and Myriam Fares, released on November 18, 2022. It was released by FIFA for the official 2022 FIFA World Cup soundtrack.

Navalagamella

Navalagamella is a municipality in the Community of Madrid in Spain.

Haveluy

Haveluy is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 3,304 people lived there.


Gognies-Chaussée

Gognies-Chaussée is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 730 people lived there.


Masny

Masny is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 4,109 people lived there.


Saint-Pierre-Brouck

Saint-Pierre-Brouck is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 985 people lived there.


Sleeper hit

A sleeper hit is a movie, song, video game, or other entertainment release that was not successful when it was released, but later on became a success. A sleeper hit may have little to no promotion. It also might not have had a successful launch until a fan of the sleeper hit gathers its attention by advertising it. Because of this its popularity increased.

Examples: 

Foundations-Kate Nash 

Talk to me-Chris Andreucci

The Bitter Truth

The Bitter Truth is the fourth studio album by Evanescence. The album was released on March 26, 2021.

Holque

Holque is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 903 people lived there.


Ibagué

Ibagué is a city in Colombia. It is the capital of Tolima Department. In 2018, 529,635 people lived there, which makes it the seventh-largest city by population in Colombia.

Altiplano

The Altiplano (Spanish for "high plain"), Collao (Quechua and Aymara: Qullaw, meaning "place of the Qulla") or Andean Plateau, is the largest high plateau on Earth outside Tibet. It is in South America. Most of the Altiplano is in Bolivia. Its northern parts are in Peru, and its southwestern parts are in Chile.

There are many cities on the Altiplano. These include El Alto, La Paz, Oruro, and Puno. The northeastern part of the Altiplano is more humid than the southwestern part. The southwestern part has several salares (salt flats) because of its aridity. At the Bolivia–Peru border lies Lake Titicaca. This lake is the largest lake in South America.

Many pre-Columbian cultures come from the Altiplano. These include the Chiripa, Tiawanaku and the Inca Empire. Spain conquered the region in the 16th century.

Today, major economic activities in the Altiplano include mining, llama and vicuña herding, and services (in its cities). Many tourists visit the region.

Fool's Overture

"Fool's Overture" is a 1977 song by English rock band Supertramp and is the closing track from their third studio album "Even in the Quietest Moments...". It clocks in at nearly eleven minutes long. It talks about the Second World War and the famous Winston Churchill speech.

Cornufer wolfi

Wolf's sticky-toed frog ("Cornufer wolfi") is a frog. It lives in Papua New Guinea and some of the Solomon Islands. People have seen it as high as 1250 meters above sea level.

List of Warner Bros. movies

The following are list of Warner Bros. movies. This list does not include direct-to-video releases or movies from New Line Cinema before to its merger with Warner Bros. in 2008. It also does it include third-party movies or movies Warner gained the rights to as a result of mergers or acquisitions such as Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer's pre-May 1986 library or RKO Radio Pictures' library. From 1928 to 1936, movies by First National continued to be credited only to "First National Pictures". In July 1936, stockholders of First National Pictures, Inc. (primarily Warner Bros.) voted to end the corporation. No separate First National Pictures were made after this.


Find the River

"Find the River" is a 1993 song by alternative rock band R.E.M. and is the sixth and final single from their eighth studio album "Automatic for the People". It went to number 54 in the United Kingdom and number 3 in Iceland. It did not chart in the United States.

All songs were written by Bill Berry, Peter Buck, Mike Mills, and Michael Stipe.

UK 7-inch and cassette single

UK CD single

Myriam Fares

Myriam Fares(born May 3, 1983) is a Lebanese singer, actress, dancer, and entertainer. She was born to a Maronite Christian family in Sidon District. She has been targeted by extremists for trolling in 2015 for celebrating Easter.

List of programs broadcast by Nicktoons

This is a list of television programs currently and formerly broadcast by the children's cable television channel Nicktoons, a sister network to Nickelodeon in the United States.

An asterisk (*) indicates that the program has or had new episodes aired on Nicktoons.

Viacom licensed much of Nicktoons' programming from unrelated companies in temporary broadcast deals. Exceptions included 4Kids' "Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles" series (which Viacom purchased along with the rights to the "TMNT" franchise) and "" (which Viacom acquired after becoming a co-owner of its production company, Rainbow S.p.A.).

An asterisk (*) indicates that the program had new episodes aired on Nicktoons.


So Am I (song)

"So Am I" is an electropop song by American singer Ava Max. It was released on March 7, 2019. It is from her debut studio album, "Heaven & Hell". The lyrics speak of self-love, being an outcast, and not fitting into society. A remixed version by South Korean boy band NCT 127 was released on July 3, 2019 with additional rap verses in both English and Korean.

Barbie Tingz

"Barbie Tingz" is a hip hop song by Trinidadian-American rapper Nicki Minaj, released on April 12, 2018. The song has been included as an additional track on the Target and Japanese exclusive versions of Minaj's fourth studio album, Queen. Commercially, the song managed to peak at number one in New Zealand.

1926–27 Austrian Cup

The 1926-27 Austrian Cup was the cup competition in Austrian football.
First round with teams from the Second league


First round with teams from the highest league


Breakfast in America (song)

"Breakfast in America" is a 1979 song by English rock band Supertramp and is the title track to their sixth studio album of the same name. It went to the top ten in Ireland, the United Kingdom and South Africa. It went to number 62 in the United States and did not chart in Australia and New Zealand.

An Innocent Man (song)

"An Innocent Man" is a 1983 song by Billy Joel and is the title track of ninth studio album of the same name. It went to number 3 in Ireland, number 8 in the United Kingdom, number 10 in the United States, number 16 in Canada, number 23 in Australia and number 24 in New Zealand.

Waiting for Your Love

"Waiting for Your Love" is a 1983 song by Toto. It is from their fourth studio album "Toto IV". It went to number 73 in the United States when released as a single.

Additive color

Additive color or additive mixing is a property of a color model. It predicts the appearance of colors made by happening together part lights, i.e. the perceived color can be predicted by summing the number-based representations of the part-related colors. Modern recipes of Grassmann's laws describe the additivity in the color perception of light mixtures in terms of algebraic equations. Additive color predicts perception and not any sort of change in the photons of light themselves. These predictions are only related in the limited scope of color matching experiments where viewers match small patches of uniform color isolated against a grey or black background.

The combination of two of the common three additive primary colors in equal proportions produces an additive secondary color—cyan, magenta or yellow. Additive color is also used to predict colors from overlapping projected colored lights often used in theater-based lighting for plays, concerts, circus shows, and night clubs.

Komi language

The Komi language (, "komi kyv"), also known as Zyryan, Zyrian or Komi-Zyryan (Komi: коми-зырян кыв, komi-zyrjan kyv), is one of the two types of the Komi language. The other type is Permyak.

Komi is spoken by the Komi peoples native to the Komi Republic and other parts of Russia such as Nenetsia and Yamalia. There were 285,000 speakers in 1994. This went down to 160,000 in 2010.

It was written in the Old Permic alphabet (Komi: , Анбур, "Anbur") in the 14th century. The Cyrillic script was introduced by Russian missionaries in the 17th century. This script replaced the Old Permic script.



Bang and Blame

"Bang and Blame" is a 1994 song by alternative rock band R.E.M. and is the second single from their ninth studio album "Monster". It topped the single charts in Canada and went to the top 40 in Australia, Belgium, Finland, Iceland, Ireland, New Zealand, the United Kingdom and the United States.

All songs written by Bill Berry, Peter Buck, Mike Mills, and Michael Stipe.



Live tracks were recorded at the 40 Watt Club, Athens, Georgia, on November 19, 1992. The performance, a benefit for Greenpeace, was recorded on a solar-powered mobile studio.

Velcro Fly

"Velcro Fly" is a 1986 song by ZZ Top and is the fourth single from their ninth studio album "Afterburner". It went to number 54 in the United Kingdom and number 35 in the United States. It was their last 40 single for the band.

D.A.R.Y.L.

D.A.R.Y.L. is a 1985 science fiction movie written by David Ambrose, Allan Scott, and Jeffrey Ellis. It was directed by Simon Wincer. The movie stars Barret Oliver, Mary Beth Hurt, Michael McKean, Danny Corkill, and Josef Sommer.

D.A.R.Y.L. was released in the United States on June 14, 1985 and later in Singapore on May 5, 1986. The original music score was composed by Marvin Hamlisch.


"D.A.R.Y.L." could not make it into the box office top five. The movie got mixed reviews. On Rotten Tomatoes the movie has 53% approval rating based on 17 reviews. A 1985 reviewer for "The New York Times" wrote, "The best that can be said about "D.A.R.Y.L."... is that it's inoffensive." In his review for "Entertainment Tonight", Leonard Maltin said, "This is one of the blandest movies I've seen all year. No punch. No surprises. No juice, especially in the way it's directed."

DVD Verdict states "wooden" acting and a "preposterous" plot. But it ultimately ends with "a formulaic slice of family entertainment that doesn't do much new but follows the blueprint well enough to warrant a look."



Funeral for a Friend/Love Lies Bleeding

"Funeral for a Friend/Love Lies Bleeding" is a 1973 song by Elton John and is the opening track to his seventh studio album "Goodbye Yellow Brick Road". The first part is an instrumental part and segueing intro Love Lies Bleeding.

Working Class Man

"Working Class Man" is a 1985 song by Australian singer Jimmy Barnes and is the second single from his second studio album "For the Working Class Man". It went to number 18 in Australia and number 36 in New Zealand. It has become a signature song as a solo artist.

7" Single (K 9883)

Walney Island

Walney Island (also known as the Isle of Walney) is an island off the west coast of England, at the western end of Morecambe Bay in the Irish Sea. It is part of Barrow-in-Furness which is separated from the mainland by Walney Channel. It is spanned by the Jubilee Bridge. 

Walney is the largest island of the Furness Islands group, both in population and size. It is the largest English island in the Irish Sea. The population at the 2011 UK Census was 10,651, distributed evenly across the island's two Wards of Walney North & South.

Walney Island was formed during the last glacial period. When the River Duddon was a large glacial lake, it is depositing till at its mouth and finally forming Walney Island. Some evidence of neolithic inhabitants has been found in the island's sand dunes. The island contains two nature reserves, at either end. Its sandy beaches make it a popular leisure site.


Even the Nights Are Better

"Even the Nights Are Better" is a 1982 song by Australian soft rock duo Air Supply. It is from their seventh studio album "Now and Forever". It went to number 5 in the United States, number 7 in Canada, number 9 in Ireland, number 35 in Australia, number 37 in New Zealand and number 44 in the United Kingdom. It was covered by Anne Murray.

Johann Luef

Johann Luef (21 December 1905 – 3 April 1945) was an Austrian footballer.He played as forward for SK Rapid Wien and the Austrian national football team.
Johann Luef came from the amateur club Baumgartner Sportfreunde and began his career in Hütteldorf in 1926. In his first championship season, he scored 15 goals in just 12 games. He also shot his club into the Austrian Cup final in the same year. 1937 he left Rapid and played for Straßenbahn Wien. During the war years he was playing coach for SK Vorwärts Steyr.

He made his debut for the Austrian national football team on 17 March 1929 versus Czechoslovakia. His last match was on 11 June 1933 versus Belgium. He played 13 matches for Austria.

Johann Luef died in a military hospital from a wound he had suffered during his deployment in East Prussia in the last weeks of the war.

Warren Wisneski

Warren Anthony Wisneski was born 19 February, 1969 in New Plymouth, Taranaki. He was a New Zealand cricketer who played three one-day internationals in 2000 but no tests. He also played for Central Districts and Canterbury in the Plunket Shield before retiring after the 2003/04 season.

Navajo white

Navajo white is an orangish-white color that derives its name from its similarity to the background color of the Navajo Nation flag. Despite its name, it is not a shade of white. However, it is a shade of yellow or a shade of orange. 


Just One of the Guys

Just One of the Guys is a 1985 American teen comedy movie. It was directed by Lisa Gottlieb and written by Dennis Feldman and Jeff Franklin. Although according to Gottlieb, she also co-wrote the screenplay together with her writing partner Mitch Giannunzio. But later he was supposedly denied writing credit by the producers. "Just One of the Guys" is a loosely adapted from William Shakespeare's "Twelfth Night".

The movie ranked number 48 on "Entertainment Weekly"'s list of the "50 Best High School Movies".


The songs and music that were played in the movie but not on the soundtrack.


"Just One of the Guys" was released on April 26, 1985. The movie was released on Blu-ray Disc under Sony Pictures on April 28, 2020. Special features include filmmaker and cast commentary and theatrical trailer.

On Rotten Tomatoes it holds a score of 54% based on reviews from 13 critics, with an average rating of 4.80/10. On Metacritic it has a score of 57% based on reviews from 6 critics, which indicates as "mixed or average reviews".


Bounce (Bon Jovi album)

Bounce is the eighth studio album by American hard rock band Bon Jovi and was released on 8 October, 2002 through Island Records. It went to number 2 in the United Kingdom, the United States, Finland, Germany, Spain and Switzerland and number 3 in Austria, Canada and Japan, number 4 in Argentina, Belgium and Sweden and number 5 in Australia and Ireland.

Sartorial Eloquence (Don't Ya Wanna Play This Game No More?)

"Sartorial Eloquence" is a 1980 song by Elton John. It is the third single from his 14th studio album "21 at 33". It went to number 39 in the United States, number 44 in the United Kingdom and number 57 in Canada. It did very poorly in Australia where it peaked at #91.

Goldenrod (color)

Goldenrod is a color that is named after the goldenrod plant. There's also a Crayola crayon with this name and color, although a lighter version. This color was created in 1958. 


Blue Eyes (Elton John song)

"Blue Eyes" is a 1982 song by Elton John and is the leading single to his 16th studio album "Jump Up!". It went to number 4 in Australia, number 5 in Canada, number 7 in South Africa, number 8 in Belgium, Ireland and the United Kingdom, number 9 in Switzerland, number 10 in the Netherlands, number 11 in New Zealand, number 12 in the United States and number 16 in Finland. It was nominated for a Grammy Award in 1983.

Watching (Thompson Twins song)

"Watching" is a 1983 song by British pop group Thompson Twins and is the fourth and final single from their third studio album "Quick Step & Side Kick". It went to number 33 in the United Kingdom and was their third top 40 hit. It omits Grace Jones vocals from the song.




I Left My Heart in San Francisco

"I Left My Heart in San Francisco" is a 1962 song by Tony Bennett and is the title track to his album of the same name. It went to number 19 in the United States and it is his signature song. It won 2 Grammy Awards in 1963. It has since been covered by Bobby Womack.

The Longest Time

"The Longest Time" is a 1984 song by Billy Joel and is the fourth single from his ninth studio album "An Innocent Man". It has a bit of doo-wop sounding in it. It went to number 14 in the United States, number 15 in Australia, number 18 in Ireland, number 24 in New Zealand, number 25 in the United Kingdom and number 36 in Canada.

After the Love Has Gone

"After the Love Has Gone" is a 1979 song by Earth, Wind & Fire. It is the second single from their ninth studio album "I Am" (1979). It went to number 2 in the United States, number 4 in the United Kingdom and number 8 in Ireland and New Zealand. It went on to win 2 Grammy Awards in 1980.

Let's Hear It for the Boy

"Let's Hear It for the Boy" is a 1984 song by Deniece Williams and was used in the 1984 movie "Footloose". It was also the title track to her seventh studio album of the same name. It topped the single charts in Canada and the United States. It also went to number 2 in Ireland, New Zealand and the United Kingdom. The music video features Aaron Lohr.

The Indian Express

The Indian Express is an English-language Indian daily newspaper started in 1932. It's headquaters is in Mumbai. The newspaper is owned by the Indian Express Group. In 1999, eight years after the death of the founder Ramnath Goenka in 1991, the group was divided between the family members. The southern editions took the name "The New Indian Express", while the northern editions, which is based in Mumbai, has kept the original "Indian Express" name with ""The"" placed before the title.

In 1932, the Indian Express was started at Chennai by an ancient medicine doctor, P. Varadarajulu Naidu in his "Tamil Nadu" press. After having financial problems, he sold the newspaper to Swaminathan Sadanand, the founder of The Free Press Journal, a national news agency. Sadanand brought many changes along with reducing the price of the newspaper. When another financial problem arises, he sold a part of his stake to Ramanath Goenka as convertible business loans. In 1935, The Free Press Journal finally came to an end. After a lengthy court trial battle with Goenka, Sadanand lost ownership of Indian Express.

In 1940, the whole building was destroyed by fire. "The Hindu", a rival newspaper, helped somehow in re-launching the paper, by getting it printed temporarily at one of its Swadesimithran's press. In 1952, the paper had a circulation of 44,469.

After the death of Ramnath Goenka in 1991, two of his grandsons, Manoj Sonthalia and Vivek Goenka divided the group among themselves. Vivek Goenka looks after the Indian Express Mumbai with all the North Indian editions, and all the Southern editions which were grouped as Express Publications Madurai Limited with Chennai as headquarters went to Manoj Sonthalia.

"The Indian Express" investigated the progression of 86 national school Board toppers (51 men and 35 women) during the two-decade of 1996-2015. The investigation consisted of toppers of Class X and XII (from the Central Board of Secondary Education () and the Council for Indian School Certificate Examinations ()). It was released in three parts (27,28,29 of 12-2020). As a follow-up of the major findings of the investigation, they propose seven ‘takeaways’ for the betterment of India’s education system.


Ferdinand Wesely

Ferdinand Wesely (30 May 1897 – 19 March 1949) was an Austrian footballer and coach.
The left winger began his career at Rennweger SV and in 1920 he went to Rapid, Austria's leading football club at the time. With Rapid he won four times the Championship and in 1927 the Austrian Cup. From 1928 till 1931 he was captain of Rapid Vienna. 1930 he won the Mitropa Cup, the most important club competition between the wars. After this triumph, Wesely moved to Switzerland, first to FC St. Gallen and then to FC Basel. In 1933, he and Basel won the Swiss Cup .
He played 40 matches for the Austrian national football team and scored 17 goals. His debut was on 23 April 1922 in a loss versus Germany. His last match was on 16 November 1930 in a 4-1 win versus Sweden.
After two years at the smaller city club FC Nordstern Basel, Ferdl Wesely went to Belgium where he worked as a coach at Beerschot Antwerpen. In May 1940 he was sent to the Saint Cyprien internment camp in southern France, in July he was able to return to Antwerp and continue his coaching career. After his return to Vienna in 1945 he managed FC Rennweg and Red Star Penzing.


Jan Slomp

Jan Slomp (December 1932 – 25 December 2022) was a Dutch preacher and Islam expert.

Slomp was born in 1932 as the son of pastor Fredrik Slomp, with pseudonym "Frits de Zwerver". Since the 1930s his fater was an active hater of the ideology of Nazism. During World War II his father had to go into hiding in the Achterhoek due to his propaganda. His father and the events have had an important impact on Jan Slomp. His story is part of the Verzetsmuseum in Amsterdam and the in Aalten.

Slomp studied theology and Islamology at the Vrije Universiteit Amsterdam. He became a preacher in 1962 in Zijldijk. In 1964 he moved to Pakistan for thirteen years where he worked as an Islam expert for churches. In 1994 he received an honorary doctorate from the Protestant Theological University. He wrote books, gave lectures and wrote for national and international magazines, including writer articles for Dutch newspaper "Trouw".

Slomp was married and lived in Leusden. He died on 25 December 2022, at the age of 90 from a bacterial infection.

Marc van der Poel

Marc Gerard Marie van der Poel (4 February 1957 – 18 December 2022) was a Dutch linguist. He was professor of Latin language and Philology at Radboud University Nijmegen from 1999. In his research dominated his specialization in the history of rhetoric, and studied rhetoric in a wide spectrum. He was also editor of the Dutch magazine "Lampas" from 2001 to 2004. He became a honored member of the . Van der Poel supervised seven PhD students.

Van der Poel died on 18 December 2022, at the age of 65.

Patrick Dik

Patrick Dik (27 November 1965 — 29 December 2022) was a Dutch footballer.

Dik was in the 1980s under contract with AFC Ajax and FC Utrecht. He moved to NAC Breda in 1989. At NAC he showed that he had good qualities. He played four seasons for the club. He played 84 matches and scored nine times. Dik ended his career with with the Belgian K. Berchem Sport where he played two seasons.

After his playing career, Dik became a scout at AFC Ajax. He was also active in the youth academy of various amateur clubs. In February 2022 he stepped down as head of the SC 't Gooi youth academy for health reasons. Dik died on 29 December 2022, at the age of 57.


Fagun

Fagun is a monthly newspaper in the Santali language in the Ol Chiki script in Bhubaneswar, Odisha. It is the only newspaper in India that is published in Santali. It has readership across the country. The newspaper was founded in April 2008 by Mangat Murmu. and is edited by Malati Murmu, who received the "Telegraph Legend Award" in 2016. "Fagun" started with a circulation of 500 copies, and as of 2018 has a circulation of 5000. Copies cost 5 rupees each.

Janata Dal

Janata Dal (“People’s Party”) was an Indian political party. It was formed through the merger of Janata Party factions, the Lok Dal, Indian National Congress (Jagjivan), and the Jan Morcha united on 11 October 1988 on the birth anniversary of Jayaprakash Narayan under the leadership of V. P. Singh.

Gaston Bogaerts

Gaston Bogaerts (31 July 1921 – 9 December 2022) was a Belgian musician, painter and writer.

Bogaerts was a percussionist of the group The Chakachas and had international success in 1972 with "Jungle Fever". He also wrote two books about music "Dance Band: Quand Bruxelles jazzait.." (2002) about his experiences as a jazz drummer between 1937 and 1957 and "Le carnet de route des Chakachas" (2011). After his music career he became a painter. He works were at Stedelijk Museum voor Actuele Kunst and Royal Museums of Fine Arts of Belgium.

Bogaerts died in La Garde-Freinet on 9 December 2022, at the age of 101.

Don't Tell Me No

"Don't Tell Me No" is a song by the American new wave band The Cars. The song, written by Ric Ocasek, appeared on the band's third studio album, "Panorama".
"Don't Tell Me No" was first released on the "Panorama" album in August 1980, but in November of that same year, the song was released as the follow-up single to "Touch and Go" which had a marginal success in America. Unlike its predecessor, however, it did not chart at all. The single was not released in any other countries besides the United States.

"AllMusic" reviewer Greg Prato noted the track as a highlight from the "Panorama" album and went on to call it "strong, just not as well known as some of the other material[.]"

The B-side of the song "Don't Go To Pieces" features Benjamin Orr on lead vocals. "Don't Go To Pieces" later saw release as the B-side to "Gimme Some Slack," the follow-up single to "Don't Tell Me No."

Gimme Some Slack

"Gimme Some Slack" is a song by the American rock band The Cars from the album "Panorama". It became a single in 1981. The song was written by a band member Ric Ocasek.
"Gimme Some Slack" was first released on "Panorama". But in 1981, the song was released as the third single from said album. However, the song failed to chart in any country. This made it one of the band's least successful singles. The song has since appeared on the "" compilation album. 

In his review of "Panorama", AllMusic critic Greg Prato stated "'Gimme Some Slack' proved to be a fierce rocker." Prato also said, in his review of "", that it was "previously released album tracks [on the album]" that were "highlights." In the "Just What I Needed: The Cars Anthology" liner notes, Brett Milano said, "Rockers like "Getting Through" and "Gimme Some Slack" had a heavier sound than before ["Panorama"]."
The song's B-side, "Don't Go to Pieces", features Benjamin Orr on lead vocals. "Don't Go to Pieces" was first released as a B-side to "Don't Tell Me No", the single released before "Gimme Some Slack".

Industry Baby

"Industry Baby" is a hip-hop/pop rap song by American rappers Lil Nas X and Jack Harlow. It was released on July 23, 2021. It is from Lil Nas X's debut studio album, "Montero". An extended version of the song was released on October 9, 2021. Commercially the song reached the top 10 in 31 countries and debuted at number 2 on the Billboard Hot 100 for the week of August 7, 2021, making it a successful hit.

Lady (Hear Me Tonight)

Lady (Hear Me Tonight) is a French house song by French duo Modjo, released on June 19, 2000. It is from their debut studio album, Modjo. Commercially, the song was a big success, peaking the top 10 in 23 countries.

Trees Keultjes

Trees Keultjes (15 February 1926 – 20 January 2022) was a Dutch police officer. In 1953 she was one of the first ever female Dutch police officers.

She worked as a typist. In 1953 three female officers were hired, the first ever female Dutch police officers. There was a lot of media attention of her first public appearance. The other two female colleagues had to quit when they got married, Keultjes remained unmarried and continued to work as a policewoman, but later as a detective. As the first female agent, she maintained media interest. For instance after her 25 years of service in 1978, she had a main interview for "Trouw" in 1999.

Keultjes died in Oss on 20 January 2022, at the age of 95. At the end 2022 she was highlited in the NOS television programm ""Uit het leven 2022""; a programm with an overview of people who died in 2022.

Cornufer heffernani

Solomon Island palm frog ("Cornufer heffernani") is a frog. It lives in Papua New Guinea and some of the Solomon Islands. People have seen it as high as 250 meters above sea level.

Made You Look

"Made You Look" is a song sung by Meghan Trainor. She is an American singer-songwriter. Trainor and Sean Douglas wrote it with its producer, Federico Vindver. Epic Records released it as a single on October 31, 2022. The song is from her fifth album, "Takin' It Back" (2022). It is in the doo-wop genre and is similar to older styles of famous music. Trainor was not sure about her body and wrote the song to make listeners believe in their natural beauty and get more confidence.

Reviewers thought "Made You Look" was flirty. They compared it to other songs by Trainor. The song was also used in a dance that became famous on TikTok in 2022. "Billboard" magazine listed it at number 11 on their Hot 100 music chart. It was her first song to go above number 20 since 2016. The song was also listed at number 10 or higher on the charts in Australia, Belgium, Canada, Ireland, New Zealand, Norway, Singapore, the United Kingdom, and Vietnam. The music video for it was first released in the game "Candy Crush Saga" in October 2022. It is colorful and many people who are famous on social media are in it. Trainor sang the song on television shows such as "The Today Show", "The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon", and "The Drew Barrymore Show".

Meghan Trainor's first album, "Title" (2015), was successful. Three songs from it were listed higher than number 10 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 music chart. She faced problems while making her third album, "Treat Myself" (2020). She rewrote it four times to make it successful. She decided to go back to the doo-wop genre on her fifth album after her song "Title" became famous on TikTok in 2021. She had more feelings and became stronger after getting pregnant. This helped her write better songs. Trainor wrote songs for the album which she thought people on TikTok would like. She got attention on it after making videos with Chris Olsen. Trainor released the song "Bad for Me" in June 2022.

Trainor and Sean Douglas wrote "Made You Look" with its producer, Federico Vindver. Her therapist asked her to look at herself with no clothes on for five minutes. This and Trainor's low confidence about her body gave her the idea for the song. Trainor wrote the words "I'll make you double take / Soon as I walk away / Call up your chiropractor just in case your neck break". These are about how her husband, Daryl Sabara, turns to look at her when she goes out of a room. Other words are about the things he does for her. Trainor wrote more songs about self-confidence like she did on her older albums like her song "All About That Bass" (2014).

"Made You Look" is the second single from "Takin' It Back" (2022). It was given to radio in the United States on October 31, 2022. The song was sent to radio in Italy on November 18, 2022. On December 9, 2022, its a cappella version, on which Trainor sang with Olsen, Scott Hoying, Elyse Myers, and Sri, was released with a music video. Joel Corry's remix of it came out on December 31, 2022, and its instrumental and faster versions in January 2023. On January 27, the song was released with the singer Kim Petras. Petras recorded high notes in the studio of Trainor's home. She liked the experience. She had been listening to the song for many months.

"Made You Look" is two minutes and 14 seconds long. Vindver produced, programmed, and engineered the song. He plays the keyboards and percussion, Jesse McGinty plays the baritone saxophone and trombone, and Mike Cordone plays the trumpet. Jeremie Inhaber mixed the song, and Randy Merrill mastered it at Sterling Sound in New York City.

"Made You Look" is in the doo-wop genre and is similar to older styles of famous music. Vindver put the horn into the song to make this happen. It has many harmonies, and bass and brass instruments. Piper Westrom wrote that these are like the album "Title" in "Riff" magazine. "Made You Look" uses call and response; on the website "PopMatters", Peter Piatkowski thought it was like "All About That Bass" due to a similar delivery and the girl group arrangement.

The words of "Made You Look" are about loving yourself. Trainor makes the girls listening to it believe in their natural beauty and get more confidence. She says that while she could wear clothes from famous fashion companies like Gucci and Louis Vuitton, she looks better in a hoodie and with her hair in the morning. Trainor says that people would like the way she walks and think about her a lot.

In reviews, "Made You Look" was said to be similar to Trainor's other songs. In "Far Out" magazine, Tyler Golsen said that it was like Trainor's older music but also older pop music in general. He said "Made You Look" may not be a good song and he would not listen to it again, but he thought it made sense for Trainor. AllMusic's Stephen Thomas Erlewine said that the line about fashion companies in "Made You Look" showed that Trainor wanted to go back to the sound of "Title". But he thought this was not fully natural. "Rolling Stone" put it at number 69 in a list of the best songs of 2022. Tomás Mier gave it a good review. In the review, he said it was like Trainor's old songs and said good things about the words and production.

Some thought the song's words were flirty. Martina Inchingolo wrote in the Associated Press that Trainor sang "loud[er] and sexier" on the song. Writing for "Renowned for Sound", Max Akass believed she was fun and flirty on it. This made it an easy and effective pop song. Mier said Petras's part on her remix of "Made You Look" was "sexy".

"Made You Look" did better than many Trainor songs. Some people thought she became successful again. The song was first put at number 95 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 music chart for November 5, 2022. It got 9.3 million listens next week and got to number 49 on the Streaming Songs chart. None of her other songs had done this since "Me Too" in 2016. It went to number 11 on the Hot 100. None of her songs after "Me Too" had gone above number 40. "Made You Look" was put in the number one position on the Adult Top 40 chart. It was Trainor's first since "Like I'm Gonna Lose You" in 2015. In Canada, "Made You Look" got to number seven on the Canadian Hot 100 music chart. It was number two on the UK Singles Chart and became her first single to be higher than number 10 since "Marvin Gaye" in 2015. The British Phonographic Industry gave it a Platinum certification.

In Australia, "Made You Look" got to number three and got a 3× Platinum certification from the Australian Recording Industry Association. The song reached number two in New Zealand and was given a Platinum certification from Recorded Music NZ. It was Trainor's first song to go above number 10 on the "Billboard" Global 200 chart. It reached number six. "Made You Look" went above number 10 in other places, at number two in Singapore, number three in Belgium, Iceland, and Ireland, number five in Vietnam, number six in Latvia, number seven in Norway, and number eight in Malaysia. It also got to number 11 in Hungary, number 13 in Croatia and the Netherlands, number 15 in Paraguay, number 16 in Austria, and number 19 in Switzerland. It received a Platinum certification in Norway, Poland, and Switzerland, and Gold in Austria, Denmark, Italy, Portugal, and Sweden.

The music video for "Made You Look" was first released in the game "Candy Crush Saga" on October 20, 2022. It was put on other places the next day. Trainor said she wanted it to be a bigger and more colorful version of the "All About That Bass" video. In it, she wears different clothes in a press meeting, drives a car, and dances in a room. Famous people like Hoying, JoJo Siwa, Drew Afualo, and Olsen dance in the video. Sabara is the car driver. The video was also released with some changes, including only Trainor's dance, which was called "Made You Look (Again)".

The girls Brookie and Jessie used "Made You Look" in a dance that became famous on TikTok. Two million other people also did the dance. Trainor sang the song on many television shows. On October 21, 2022, she sang "Made You Look" for the first time on "The Today Show". Three days later, Trainor sang it again on "The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon". She mixed it with the song "Here Comes Santa Claus" during a performance at the "The Wonderful World of Disney: Magical Holiday Celebration" on November 27, 2022. On December 13, 2022, Trainor sang "Made You Look" on "The Drew Barrymore Show". She again sang the song on the eighth season of "Australian Idol" on February 27, 2023.

Credits are listed from the CD book of "Takin' It Back".

Adrie Trimpe

Adrie Trimpe (13 June 1934 – 10 February 2022) was a Dutch greengrocer.

Trimpe had together with his wife Francien for decades a greengrocer's shop in the center of Vlissingen. They were active until old age, working fourteen to sixteen hours per day. Trimpe did not want to stop, and continued working while it was in the later years barely possible physically. However in 2017 the store closed permanently. They gained national fame in 2018 thanks to the documentary about them named "Van verlies kun je niet betalen", made by Helge Prinsen.

Trimpe died in Vlissingen on 10 February 2022, at the age of 87. At the end 2022 he was highlited in the NOS television programm ""Uit het leven 2022""; a programm with an overview of people who died in 2022.

Menstrual cup

A Menstrual cup is a menstrual hygiene device. It is inserted in the vagina during menstruation. Its purpose is to collect menstrual fluid. They are shaped like a bell or a ring. The stem is used for insertion and removal and the bell shaped cup is to collect the menstrual fluid. This process is different from sanitary towels and tampons, as they absorb the fluid instead.

Shake It Up (The Cars song)

"Shake It Up" is a song by American new wave band The Cars from their 1981 album of the same name. 

The song was covered by the Chipmunks and the Chipettes in an episode of Alvin and The Chipmunks.
The song relies heavily on dance-pop as its main genre, with audible pop rock elements. 

Drummer David Robinson has said at the outset that he did not even want to record the song, as it had been "kicking around for years. It never sounded good. We recorded it a couple of times in the studio and dumped it, and we were going to try it one more time, and I was fighting everybody . . . So we thought, let's start all over again, like we've never even heard it—completely change every part—and we did. Then, when it was through and all put back together, it was like a brand-new song."

Guitarist Elliot Easton said that he wanted his solo to sound like "two guys trading off". He first plays a Fender Telecaster in a skewed "country" style, then, mid-solo, switches to a Gibson Crank for a more rock sound.

Since You're Gone

"Since You're Gone" is a song by the American rock band The Cars. It was released as a single from their fourth album, "Shake It Up".

According to the liner notes of "", "Since You're Gone" is an example of "[a] more playful quality ... in Ocasek's writing", with a Bob Dylan impersonation "adopt[ed] when delivering [the line 'You're so trachea-"ress"!']" Guitarist Elliot Easton plays a guitar solo that "paid homage to King Crimson leader Robert Fripp[.]"

In 1982, "Since You're Gone" was released as the second single from "Shake It Up", following up on "Shake It Up". The song, backed with "Think It Over" in the US and "Maybe Baby" in the UK, peaked at number 41 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 and number 24 on the "Billboard" Mainstream Rock chart. The single was followed by "Victim of Love" in US, and "Think It Over" in Britain.

Like many other songs by The Cars, "Since You're Gone" had a music video created to accompany it, starring Ric Ocasek "moping around an empty apartment". The video received adequate airplay on MTV at the time.

Fellowship of Southern Writers

The Fellowship of Southern Writers is a group of writers from the southern states of America. In 1987 twenty-one writers (charter members) had a meeting in Chattanooga, Tennessee where they decided to honor good writing from their part of the country. They wanted to help young writers by giving them awards of money and chances to improve their writing skill. 

Awards and prizes are given for very good writing of fiction, poetry, drama, criticism, and history.
It is a small group. The Fellowship can only have 50 members at one time. New members of the group are chosen by election and invited to join. All members must be born or have lived for a long time in the American South. Other members have written works that say important things about southern life. 

Some well-known members of The Fellowship have been Wendell Berry, Rita Dove, Ernest J. Gaines, Silas House, Bobbie Ann Mason, William Styron, Natasha Trethewey, Robert Penn Warren, and Eudora Welty.

Cerrado

The Cerrado (, ) is a large ecoregion of tropical savanna in eastern Brazil. Most of it is in the states of Goiás, Mato Grosso do Sul, Mato Grosso, Tocantins, Minas Gerais, and the Federal District. The main areas of the Cerrado biome are the Brazilian highlands (the "Planalto"). The main habitat types of the Cerrado are made of of forest savanna, wooded savanna, park savanna and gramineous-woody savanna. The Cerrado also has savanna wetlands and gallery forests. It is the second largest of Brazil's major habitat types, after the Amazonian rainforest. The Cerrado takes up 21 percent of the country's land area. Small parts of the Cerrado are in Paraguay and Bolivia.



Jack Harlow

Jack Thomas Harlow (born March 13, 1998) is an American rapper from Louisville, Kentucky. He started his music career in 2015 by making EPs and mixtapes.

He rose to fame in 2020 with the release of his 2020 single, "What's Poppin". That song gained popularity though TikTok and had remixes with other rappers such as DaBaby, Lil Wayne, and Tory Lanez. He went on to make more songs and in 2021, he collaborated with Lil Nas X to make Industry Baby. In 2022, he made an album named "Come Home the Kids Miss You" and a song from that album, "First Class". First Class became his second number one on the Billboard Hot 100.

Eiger north face

Eiger north face the north face of the mountain called Eiger. It has a height of more than over the sourrounding area. The summit of Eiger is at f above sea level. Some climbing routes using the north face have length of over . They are among the most diffiult, and most tiring climbing routes in the world. Also, the north face is very exposed. There's a constant danger of rockfall and avalanches. It became known because many people tried to climb it (and failed). 

The first people to try climbing it were were Max Sedlmayr and Karl Mehringer, in 1935. People with telesocpes watched them. When they started, the weather was good. On the second day, they climbed what is called First Band; it was rated at the maximum difficulty level of that time. (VI). They reached the First Band of Ice, in the evening. They had climbed about , about were left (in height). Nearly the whole of the second day they spent traversing the second ice field. The weather turned, and the sight was lost. Three days later, the weather improved, and the sight was restored. Sedlmayer and Mehringer were spotted climbing somewhat higher up. The weather turned again, and the sight was lost again. 

Six days after they had started, a military plane was used to search for them, but it did not find the climbers. A team of eight climbers started a rescue mission, about four days later. They didn't find anyone.

Other climbers found one corpse, at a place that is now called Todesbiwak (Biwak of death). It is unclear,if this was Sedlmayr or Mehringer. In 1976, four Czech climbers found a packet of cigarettes, with a notice, Mehringer had written. It read "Biwack" and one of the names of the climbers. Was dated August 21, 1935. (The climbers had started on August 16)

In the 1930s, the north faces of Eiger, Matterhorn, and Grandes Jorasses were seen as the "last problems of the Alps". Among climbers, there was a race, who would first climb these north faces. Matterhon north face was climbed in 1931, Grandes Jorasses in 1935. At about Eiger north face was also the tallest of the three. In this attempt, two teams of wo people died. It is one of the best known climbings, and many movies have been made from it. Getting the corpses took more than a month. 
After the tragedy, climbing the north face was forbidden for a time. When it was again allowed, it was ruled thatthere would be no duty to rescue people who climed it.

Anderl Heckmair, Heinrich Harrer, Ludwig Vörg and Fritz Kasparek were the first who were successful. At the time, they were criticized, because their style was new. Also the Nazi parti did not like some of their opinions.
Today, there are more than thiry routes to climb the north face. With good weather, it is possible to climb the mountain in a few hours (using the route Heckmair had taken). The original expedition needed more than three days.

ABP Ananda

ABP Ananda (used to be Star Ananda) is a free to air Bengali news channel. It was based in Kolkata, West Bengal and owned by ABP Group. The channel was founded on 1 June 2005 as Star Ananda after tying between Star India and the ABP Group.

On 1 June 2012, the channel was renamed as ABP Ananda after the ABP Group gained full control of the organization.


Tribe TV

Tribe TV is an Indian Santali language television channel. The channel is the India's first santali Satellite television channel. It is owned by Kalyani Solvex Private Limited. The channel's co-founder is Raiganj Vidhan Sabha constituency's MLA Krishna Kalyani.

In 2020, Kalyani Solvex Private Limited setup the channel at Raiganj, West Bengal. Tribe TV broadcasts daily news bulletin and especially one-hour broadcast World topic news. The channel broadcasts live from Delhi.

The channel was launched on 9 August 2021 through various satellite and cable platforms. The channel has a wide range of programming, which includes drama, news, and even others.


Tribe TV channel started on GSAT-10/ GSAT-30 at 83 East



Jarma (beverage)

Jarma is a cold Kyrgyz beverage made from grains/cereals, water, salt, and ayran. There is a commercially produced version of this drink from the companies Shoro and Enesay.

Little Jack Horner

Little Jack Horner is a nursery rhyme about a child named Jack Horner. It was written by someone using the pen name Mother Goose. It goes 
Little Jack Horner, Sat in a Corner,
Eating a Christmas pie, He put in his thumb,
And pulled out a plumb
And said “what a good boy am I”. 

It was written in the 18th Century and since then people complained about it saying that it supported greed and wrote versions of it where Jack shared the pie instead. The villain of the movie was an adult version of Jack Horner.

National Humanities Medal

The National Humanities Medal is an award that is given to people or groups that have helped Americans learn from and enjoy the Humanities. The award is given by the President of the United States. One version of the award was first given out in 1988. It was called the Charles Frankel Prize in the Humanities. In 1997 it was renamed as the National Humanities Medal.

In any year, the President may name as many as twelve people or groups to get the medal. The number of awards is different for each President. For example, President Obama gave 71 medals between 2009 and 2015, but President Trump only gave 7 medals in 2019 and 2020.

Some well-known people who have gotten the medal are singer Elton John, musician Wynton Marsalis, novelist Madeleine L'Engle, chef Alice Waters, poet John Ashbery, historian Henry Louis Gates, Jr., and film director Steven Spielberg.

Some groups and institutions that have gotten the National Humanities Medal are the Prison University Project, the American Antiquarian Society, the Norman Rockwell Museum, and the Iowa Writer's Workshop.

William Steig

William Steig was an American cartoonist and illustrator. He was born in Brooklyn in 1907 to Jewish parents from Poland. 
In the 1960s, Steig started writing children’s books. In 1984 he worked on a cartoon based on his book Doctor De Soto. This won the Academy Award for Best Animated Short Film. In 1990, Steig wrote the children’s book Shrek! as a fairy tale parody which inspired the movie Shrek which won the first Academy Award for Best Animated Feature and Steig said he loved it. Steig died in 2003. Shrek 2 in 2004 was dedicated to him.

Yevgeny Leonov

Yevgeny Pavlovich Leonov (; 2 September 1926 – 29 January 1994) was a Soviet and Russian actor. He was in many of the most famous Soviet movies. These include "Gentlemen of Fortune", "Mimino" and "Striped Trip". He has been called "one of Russia's best-loved actors". He also voiced many Soviet cartoon characters. This includes "Vinny Pukh" ("Winnie-the-Pooh").

While growing up in Moscow, he wanted to be a pilot. His father worked in an airplane factory. During the Great Patriotic War, he and his whole family worked in a weapons making/airplane making factory. After the war, he joined the Moscow Art Theatre school. There he studied under Mikhail Yanshin.

In his first movie, Leonov was cast as an extra. He later became Georgiy Daneliya's regular. He was in all of Daneliya's features. These include "Gentlemen of Fortune", "Autumn Marathon", "Mimino", "Afonya" and "Kin-dza-dza!". He was seen for his tragic parts and his natural acting.

He won Best Actor at the Venice Film Festival for Daneliya's "Autumn Marathon" (1980). He performed over 200 roles and was the Russian cinema's best-known supporting actor.

In 1991 (or in 1988), when touring in Germany, he had a heart attack. This put him into a coma for 10 days (or 16 days). His life was saved only after a big surgery.

Leonov died on 29 January 1994 on his way to the Lenkom Theatre to perform in "The Prayer for the Dead" ("A Memorial Prayer"). His death was announced in the auditorium. Following the announcement, the audience went to the church across the road and lit candles in mourning. Over half a million people went to his memorial service in the freezing cold of winter. He is buried in Novodevichy Cemetery in Moscow near other major people of Russian culture.





Scream Bloody Gore

Scream Bloody Gore is the first studio album by Death. Death is an American death metal band. The album was released on May 25, 1987. It was released by Combat Records. Many people say it is one of the first death metal albums. Chuck Schuldiner wrote all of the album's songs. He also played the guitar, bass, and did singing for every song.

The album says John Hand played guitar for some songs. This is not true. Hand was in Death for a short time, and he did not play any music. This is the only Death album with drummer Chris Reifert.

"Scream Bloody Gore" went onto the "Billboard" 200. A new version of the album was released in 2016.

All tracks written by Chuck Schuldiner.

Shrek!

Shrek! is a children’s book written and illustrated by William Steig in the year 1990 and is a parody of fairy tales. It’s about an ogre named Shrek (character) who loves being a monster, scaring villagers and stealing pheasants from peasants. And Shrek’s roar scares off knights, dragons and thunderstorms. After a talking donkey tells Shrek that there’s a woman who is as ugly as he is in a castle called The Castle of the Nutty Night. So Shrek decides to go there to marry her. On the way Shrek falls asleep and has a dream about children thinking he’s cute instead of scary and that scares Shrek into waking up. When Shrek makes it to the castle, he fights the Nutty Night and wins. Then, Shrek walks into a hall of mirrors and is scared by all the reflections there because of how ugly they are but then he realizes that they’re all actually reflections of him and is happy that he is that ugly. When Shrek meets the ogress and she’s as ugly as he is, they fall in love, get married and start terrorizing villages together and they live “hideously ever after”. In 2001, DreamWorks Animation made the movie Shrek loosely based on this book.

Uttam Kumar

Uttam Kumar (; born Arun Kumar Chattopadhyay; 3 September 1926 – 24 July 1980), popularly known as the Mahanayak, was an Indian actor, producer, director, script writer, composer, and singer who mostly worked in Bengali movies. Kumar was one of the most successful actors in Bengali movies history.

Kumar's career lasted for over thirty years, from the late 1940s until his death in 1980. He appeared in over 200 movies. Some of his best known movies are "Agni Pariksha", "Harano Sur", "Bicharak", "Saptapadi", "Jhinder Bandi", "Sesh Anka", "Deya Neya", "Lal Pathore", "Jatu Griha", "Thana Theke Aschi", "Chowringhee", "Nayak", "Antony Firingee", "Amanush", "Bagh Bondi Khela" and "Chiriyakhana" (1967).

Kumar also worked with Satyajit Ray in 1966 on the movie "Nayak". After seeing Kumar in "Nayak", actress Elizabeth Taylor was impressed with his performance and wanted to work and meet with him.

Kumar was active in the Indian independence movement. In 1945, he helped Subhas Chandra Bose's Indian National army relief fund by arranging a performance of the play "Anandamath" and donated the profit of 1700 rupees to Bose's elder brother Satish Chandra Bose. He also got involved in the Kolkata communal riots of 1946.

Some of greatest actors and actresses such as Elizabeth Taylor, Dilip Kumar, Vyjayanthimala, Dharmendra, Rajesh Khanna, Shammi Kapoor and Amitabh Bachchan have expressed their strong feeling of pleasure and wonder to him.


ChatGPT

ChatGPT (short for Chat Generative Pre-trained Transformer) is a chatbot. It was launched by OpenAI in November 2022. The program is built on OpenAI's GPT-3.5 family of large language models. It has both supervised and reinforcement learning techniques.

ChatGPT was launched as a prototype on November 30, 2022. The website had more than one million users after five days. By January 2023, ChatGPT reached over 100 million users. It got attention for its answers in many areas of knowledge but its incorrect accuracy was said to be a major drawback.

ChatGPT used to be completely free for research, but it got so popular that OpenAI started using a freemium model. OpenAI created ChatGPT Plus, a subscription service which costs $20 per month. Users can still use the free version of ChatGPT, but users of ChatGPT Plus can use more features.

ChatGPT can be used to create computer programs called malware. Malware can harm other computers, steal information, or get in to networks without permission. ChatGPT can also make messages that look like they were written by real people which could trick people.

OpenAI warns users that the chatbot may give wrong information or have biased content.

ChatGPT can be used by students to cheat on homework or essays. ChatGPT can generate writing on many different topics, so students could use it to finish assignments without actually doing the work themselves. Preliminary evidence indicates that excessive use of ChatGPT is linked to increased procrastination, memory loss, and poor academic performance among students

Majapahit

Majapahit (; ), also known as Wilwatikta (; ), was a Javanese Hindu-Buddhist thalassocratic empire in Southeast Asia. It was from the island of Java in modern-day Indonesia. It existed from 1293 to around 1527. It was strongest during the era of Hayam Wuruk. He took over many places in Southeast Asia during his reign from 1350 to 1389. According to the () written in 1365, Majapahit was an empire that had land from Sumatra to New Guinea. It had territory in present-day Indonesia, Singapore, Malaysia, Brunei, southern Thailand, East Timor, and southwestern Philippines (the Sulu Archipelago).

Majapahit was one of the last big Hindu-Buddhist empires of the region. It is said to be one of the greatest and most powerful empires in the history of Indonesia and Southeast Asia. Its influence went outside the modern territory of Indonesia and has been studied a lot.



Margriet Eshuijs

Margriet Eshuijs (14 October 1952 – 29 December 2022) was a Dutch singer.

She founded in 1921 the pop group Lucifer. Their most famous song was in 1974 with "House for Sale" from 1974. The song is as of 2022 still in the Dutch annual Top 2000. Other hits were "Black Pearl" and "Scarlet Lady". When the band split, Eshuijs played as a solo artist. She taught at the conservatory in Alkmaar.

Eshuijs was ill. She died in Zaandam on 29 December 2022, at the age of 70.

Swedish Armed Forces

The Swedish Armed Forces (, "the Defense Force") is the government agency that makes up the armed forces of Sweden. It defends the country and helps international peacekeeping. It also gives humanitarian aid. It is made of the Swedish Army, the Swedish Air Force and the Swedish Navy, as well as a military reserve force, the Home Guard. Since 1994, all Swedish military branches are in one unified government agency. They are led by the Supreme Commander.

The Swedish Armed Forces is made up of 23,600 active personnel, 11,200 military reserves, 24,000 Home Guard and 5,200 conscripts (set to go up to 8,000 conscripts by 2024) as of 2022.

Manpower numbers are taken from 

Aurelios Zopyros

Aurelios Zopyros of Athens is the last reported athlete at the Ancient Olympic Games before the banning by Theodosius I in AD 393. He did junior boxing.

His brother Eukarpidês was also an Olympic pankratiast winner in 381.

Roman's Revenge

"Roman's Revenge" is a hip-hop song by Nicki Minaj featuring Eminem, released on October 30, 2010. It is from Minaj's debut studio album, Pink Friday. This song initiated a feud between Nicki Minaj and Lil' Kim and also is a diss towards Lil' Kim.

Quantum

In physics, a quantum (plural: "quanta") is a very small object that is involved in some interaction. It has one of several possible states. Theoretical physics uses quanta for calculations. 

There are special sciences such as quantum mechanics, or quantum thermodynamics that study quanta, and their interactions.

Examples:


Baukje Wytsma

Baukje Wytsma (1 April 1946 – 29 December 2022) was a Dutch journalist, writer and poet.
Wytsma was born in 1946 in Reduzum. She became a kindergarten teacher, but stopped after a few years. She started studying journalism and became a freelance journalist. For Leeuwarder Courant she wrote reviews and a children's page.

Wytsma made her debut as a writer in 1976 with the children's book "Romke Timen Tomke" and "oare opsizferskes". In 1980 her first poetry collection was published named "Noch ien slach om 'e buorren". Some books were induced in the Honour List of the International Board on Books for Young People. Birthplace desire and also death were important themes in her works.

In 2007 Wytsma received the Fryske Anjer and in 2018 she was appointed Knight in the Order of Orange-Nassau for her great service to the Frisian language.

Wytsma died on 29 December 2022, at the age of 76.

Hold Me Now (Thompson Twins song)

"Hold Me Now" is a 1983 song by British pop group Thompson Twins and is the leading single to their fourth studio album "Into the Gap". It went to number 3 in Australia, Canada and the United States and number 4 in New Zealand and the United Kingdom.



Dayton Literary Peace Prize

The Dayton Literary Peace Prize is an award for authors whose works help to give readers "a better understanding of other cultures, peoples, religions, and political points of view." 

A meeting was held at Wright-Patterson Air Force Base near Dayton, Ohio in 1995. Leaders from Bosnia, Serbia, and Croatia and other leaders from the United States and European nations met to find a way to end the war in Bosnia. Richard Holbrooke of the United States was the leader of this peace process. On 21 November 1995 an agreement was reached. It was called the Dayton Peace Agreement or the Dayton Peace Accords.

Soon after this, the people of Dayton began to form connections with the people of the war-torn nations. They would share cultural and educational experiences with each other. In 1999, the city of Dayton began the Dayton Peace Prize. It was for leaders who brought peace to their troubled places. In 2006, the Peace Prize was given a new name. They named it, the Literary Peace Prize. "Literary" means that the prize would be given to writers, makers of literature, who helped readers learn how to think and live in ways that will bring peace to their part of the world.

The literary prizes are given to the writers of adult fiction and non-fiction from anywhere in the world. The prizes are $10,000 for the winner and $5,000 for the runner-up. Writers who have won the award include Junot Diaz, Edwidge Danticat, Thomas Friedman, Dave Eggers, Bryan Stevenson, Anthony Doerr, Viet Thanh Nguyen, Ta-Nehisi Coates, Richard Powers, and Alice Hoffman.  

The prizes also include a Distinguished Achievement Award. It is for writers whose life work has added much to learning about peace. Since 2011, this award has been called the Richard C. Holbrooke Distinguished Achievement Award. The prize includes $10,000. Winners of the Holbrooke Award include Elie Wiesel, Barbara Kingsolver, Tim O’Brien, Wendell Berry, Louise Erdrich, John Irving, N. Scott Momaday, and Margaret Atwood.

Baby Jane (Rod Stewart song)

"Baby Jane" is a 1983 song by Rod Stewart. It is from his 12th studio album "Body Wishes". It topped the single charts in the United Kingdom, South Africa, Spain, Ireland, Germany and Belgium. It was his last UK number 1 single to date. It also reached the top 10 in Australia, Austria, France, the Netherlands, Norway, Sweden and Switzerland.

Crazy (Seal song)

"Crazy" is a 1990 debut single by English soul singer Seal and is the leading single from his debut studio album "Seal". It topped the single charts in Belgium, the Netherlands, Sweden and Switzerland and also went to the top ten in Australia, Austria, Canada, Denmark, France, Germany, Greece, Ireland, Italy, New Zealand, Norway and the United Kingdom. It has been covered by Alanis Morissette.




Famous (Kanye West song)

Famous is a hip-hop song by American rapper Kanye West. It is the lead single in his seventh studio album, The Life of Pablo. The song also features vocals from Barbadian singer Rihanna. This song has been a part of the Kanye West-Taylor Swift feud, as it contains these lyrics that insult American singer-songwriter Taylor Swift because of West's interruption of Swift's 2009 MTV Video Music Awards and the aftermath:

For all my South Side niggas that know me bestI feel like me and Taylor might still have sexWhy? I made that bitch famous(Goddamn!)I made that bitch famous.

Commercial sexual exploitation of children

Commercial sexual exploitiation of chidren is when children are forced to do certain sex acts, and someone makes money from this. There are different forms:


According to the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children (NCMEC), roughly one out of every five girls and one out of every ten boys will be sexually exploited or abused before they become an adult.

Late to da Party

"Late to da Party (F*CK BET)" is a song by American rappers Lil Nas X and YoungBoy Never Broke Again. Both Nas and Young boy wrote the song's lyrics with Take A Daytrip and Cheese. This song is a diss track towards Black Entertainment Television, because of BET's homophobic remarks, as the song's cover is a man urinating on a BET award placed in the toilet.

Blue moon (ice cream)

Blue moon is an ice cream flavor with a bright blue color. It is common in the Upper Midwest, as multiple cities claim to be the originator, such as Milwaukee and Ludington. The Chicago Tribune has described this ice cream flavor as "Smurf-blue, Marshmallow-sweet".

When (Shania Twain song)

"When" is a 1998 song by country singer Shania Twain. It is from her third studio album "Come On Over". It went to number 12 in Belgium, number 14 in Canada and number 18 in the United Kingdom and Scotland. It did not chart in the United Kingdom.





You've Got a Way

"You've Got a Way" is a 1999 song by country singer Shania Twain and was taken from her third studio album "Come On Over". It went to number 17 in New Zealand and Canada, number 28 in Australia and the number 49 in the United States. It was not released in the United Kingdom. It was nominated for a Grammy Award in 2000.

Australia CD single

Japan CD maxi

Battle of the Camel

The Battle of the Camel (also known as Battle of Jamel or the Battle of Basra) is a war that took place outside Basra, Iraq, in 36 AH (656 CE). The battle was fought between Ali's army, on one side, and the rebel army led by Aisha, Talha, and Zubayr. Ali was the cousin and son-in-law of the prophet Muhammad, Aisha was a widow of the prophet Muhammad, and Talha and Zubayr were fellow companions of the prophet Muhammad.

Alexander von Brill

Alexander von Brill 20th September 1842 - 18th June1935) was a German mathematician. Today, he is mostly known for his work in algebraic geometry. Brill also was a tecacher, and an architect. He always believed that it was important that mathematical models are easy to understad. When he thought of mathematical models, he often constructed them as well. Max Planck was one of his students. Between 1875 and 1880, he taught at the TH Darmstadt, where Felix Klein was one of his colleagues.

Eddsworld

Eddsworld is a comedy/adventure British web series created by Edd Gould. It premiered on December 20, 2004 and since then, it has been still airing with a crowdfunding campaign and has been published through Newgrounds, DeviantArt, YouTube, Albino Blacksheep, Tumblr, The BBC, and their website.

Insomnia Cookies

Insomnia Cookies is a chain of bakeries in the United States. It specializes in delivering warm cookies, baked goods, and ice cream. It was founded by two students that attended the University of Pennsylvania in 2003. The company has more than 200 stores throughout the continental United States. Many stores are close to universities and serve students who want to order cookies late at night.

Anne Bouillon

Anne Bouillon is a French lawyer born in 1972, specializing in women's rights. She is registered with the bar of Nantes . According to GQ (magazine) she is the most powerful female lawyer in France in 2019.

Anne Bouillon was sworn in in January 2001 before the Aix-en-Provence Court of Appeal after graduating at the top of her class. She began her career in Marseille in immigration and employee law before setting up her own law firm in Nantes in 2003. Her commitment to the defense of women victims of domestic violence, which she made her specialty, and her involvement in feminist associations propelled her to the fore.

In 2019, the mayor of Nantes included her on her list in an ineligible position. Her testimony on legal issues relating to the care of women victims of violence by the justice system is regularly the subject of national (La Croix, Liberation, etc.) and regional (West France). In 2023, she is cited by in his book "The great pleadings of the tenors of the bar" which relates the trial of Edinson Valejo.

Anne Bouillon is the great-niece of Joséphine Baker and her fourth husband, , she is also the niece of director Gilles Bouillon and the cousin of actor . She is the mother of a child and married to criminal lawyer Franck Boëzec.

She participated in the creation of the Citad'elle association in Nantes. She is also a member of the LesFameuses association, an organization bringing together women managers or occupying positions of high responsibility across France. In 2020, she was elected Famer of the Year. In 2023, she will participate in the 250th anniversary of the Grand Orient de France in Nantes as a speaker alongside Georges Sérignac and .


Honey Dew Donuts

Honey Dew Donuts is a privately owned and operated Massachusetts-based coffeehouse chain. It sells donuts, coffee and other breakfast foods in New England. Honey Dew Donuts opened its first restaurant in Mansfield, Massachusetts. Its headquarters are in Plainville, Massachusetts. As of August 20, 2021, there were 125 locations in all 6 states of New England.

John Hay

John Milton Hay (October 8, 1838July 1, 1905) was an American statesman and official. His job in the government lasted almost half a century. He started as a private secretary and assistant to Abraham Lincoln. Hay's highest office was United States Secretary of State under Presidents William McKinley and Theodore Roosevelt. Hay was also an author and biographer. He wrote poetry and other literature throughout much of his life.

He was born in Salem, Indiana. He and his family moved to Warsaw, Illinois when he was young. His family was very abolitionist. He went to Brown University. Hay graduated in 1858.

DeviantArt

DeviantArt (historically stylized as deviantART) is an American online art community and website. It features artwork, videography and photography. DeviantART was created on August 7, 2000 by Angelo Sotira, Scott Jarkoff, and Matthew Stephens and others.

DeviantArt, Inc. is headquartered in the Hollywood area of Los Angeles, California. DeviantArt had about 36 million visitors each year by 2008. In 2010, DeviantArt users were making about 1.5 million comments each day. In 2011, it was the thirteenth largest social network. It had about 3.8 million visits each week. Several years later, in 2017, the site had more than 25 million members. On February 23, 2017, the company said it was being bought by Wix.com in a $36 million deal.

Mitch Haniger

Mitchell Evan Haniger (born December 23, 1990) is an American professional baseball outfielder for the San Francisco Giants of Major League Baseball (MLB). He used to play for the Arizona Diamondbacks and Seattle Mariners of the MLB. He was born in Mountain View, California.

Khris Davis (MLB baseball player)

Khris Davis is an American MLB baseball player who is currently a free agent. He has played with the Oakland Athletics.

He was born in Lakewood, California. He also played on a Mexican baseball league before being released. 
He has also played for the Milwaukee Brewers and Texas Rangers.

Hardifort

Hardifort is a commune in the Nord department in north France. In 2007, its population was 386.


Thumeries

Thumeries is a commune in the Nord department in north France. In 2015, population was 3942 people.

Marshallese language

Marshallese is an official language of the Marshall Islands, with English as their second. It is used as the language to teach in most primary schools.

Marshallese is most closely related to Kiribati,Nauruen,Pohnpeian, Mokilese and Chuukese, which are other Micronesian languages. There are other Micronesian languages closely related to the Marshallese language.

Venom (Eminem song)

"Venom" is a hip-hop song by American rapper Eminem, released on September 21, 2018. It was written for the soundtrack of the 2018 movie of the same name and featured in his tenth studio album, "Kamikaze". Comercially, It reached the top 10 in Czechia, Greece, Hungary, and Slovakia.

Don't Let Me Get Me

"Don't Let Me Get Me" is a rock song by American singer Pink. It was released on February 18, 2002. It is from her second studio album, "Missundaztood". This song received positive views from music critics, who praised the tone.

Prokopyevsk

Prokopyevsk () is a city in Kemerovo Oblast, Russia. Population: 

It was founded in 1918 as the settlement of Prokopyevsky (). It was given town status and renamed to Prokopyevsk in 1931.

Prokopyevsk is one of the main places of coal mining in the Kuznetsk Basin (Kuzbass).


Rybinsk

Rybinsk () is the second largest city of Yaroslavl Oblast in Russia. It is at the confluence of the Volga and Sheksna Rivers. It is 267 kilometers north-north-east of Moscow. Population: 

It used to be named Ust-Sheksna (until 1504), Rybnaya Sloboda (until 1777), Shcherbakov (1946–1957), and Andropov (1984–1989).

Rybinsk has a four-season humid continental climate.
Rybinsk is twinned with:





Litoria balatus

The slender bleating tree frog ("Litoria balatus") is a frog. It lives in Australia, in Queensland and the Bunya Mountains.

Bunya Mountains

The Bunya Mountains are a few mountains that make a small part of the Great Dividing Range in southern Queensland. The mountain range makes the northern edge of the Darling Downs in the town of Bunya Mountains. The mountains are south of Kingaroy and just to the south west of Nanango. The range what is left of a shield volcano made from
many basalt lava flows about 23-24 million years ago.

Victim of Love (The Cars song)

"Victim of Love" is a 1982 song by American rock new wave band The Cars and is the third and final single from their fourth studio album "Shake It Up". It went to number 39 in the Billboard Mainstream Rock chart. It was not released as a single in the United Kingdom.

Gravity Rush 2

Gravity Rush 2 known in Japan as Gravity Daze 2 is an action-adventure video game. It became sequel to "Gravity Rush" (2012) developed by Japan Studio's Team Gravity division, and published by Sony Interactive Entertainment. Directed by Keiichiro Toyama, the core mechanic is the player's ability to manipulate gravity, allowing unique movements. The game following Kat, a gravity-shifting teenage girl and super heroine, after she is drawn from her home of Hekseville into another universe, and must liberate the citizen of Jirga Para Lhao from its evil rulers.

"Gravity Rush 2" was the final game release by Team Gravity, before its dissolution in 2020.

The Sealed Room

The Sealed Room is a 1909 American silent horror drama movie directed by D. W. Griffith and stars Arthur V. Johnson, Marion Leonard, and Henry B. Walthall.


A Sound Sleeper

A Sound Sleeper is a 1909 American silent comedy movie directed by D. W. Griffith and stars Mack Sennett, Herbert Prior, and Robert Harron.


Those Awful Hats

Those Awful Hats is a 1909 American silent comedy movie directed by D. W. Griffith and stars Mack Sennett, Flora Finch, and Linda Arvidson.


Those Boys!

Those Boys! is a 1909 American silent comedy movie directed by D. W. Griffith and stars Anita Hendrie, Linda Arvidson, and Clara T. Bracy.


To Save Her Soul

To Save Her Soul is a 1909 American silent drama movie directed by D. W. Griffith and stars Arthur V. Johnson, Mary Pickford, and W. Chrystie Miller.


La Tosca (1909 movie)

La Tosca is a 1909 French silent movie directed by André Calmettes and Charles le Bargy and stars Cécile Sorel, René Alexandre, and Charles le Bargy.


Tragic Love

Tragic Love is a 1909 American silent drama movie directed by D. W. Griffith and stars Arthur V. Johnson, David Miles, and Linda Arvidson.


A Trap for Santa Claus

A Trap for Santa Claus is a 1909 American silent drama movie directed by D. W. Griffith and stars Henry B. Walthall, Marion Leonard, and Gladys Egan.


Trying to Get Arrested

Trying to Get Arrested is a 1909 American silent comedy movie directed by D. W. Griffith and stars John R. Cumpson, Anita Hendrie, and Florence Lawrence.


Tata Group

The Tata Group () (or simply TATA; designed as TΛTΛ) is an Indian multi-national company. It's headquarters is in Mumbai, Maharashtra. It is India's largest group of companies with products and services in over 150 countries, and operations in 100 countries across six continents. It was founded in 1868 by Jamshedji Tata who is sometimes referred to as the ""father of Indian industry"".

Each Tata company operates independently under the guidance and supervision of its own board of directors and shareholders. These trusts control over 66% of the Tata holding company Tata Sons, while the family of Tata is a very small shareholder.

There are 29 publicly listed Tata Group companies with a combined market estimating $311 billion as of March 2022. The company has operations across Asia, Africa, America and Middle East. Some of the subsidiaries are Tata Steel, Tata Motors, Air India, Titan company.

Tata Motors

Tata Motors Limited is an Indian multi-national automotive manufacturing company. Its headquarters is in Mumbai, India. It is a subsidiary of the Tata Group. The company produces passenger cars, trucks, vans, coaches, buses. 1945

Before that, it was known as "Tata Engineering and Locomotive Company" (TELCO). The company was founded in 1945 as a manufacturer of locomotives. The company manufactured its first commercial vehicle in 1954 in patnership with Daimler-Benz AG, later it was ended in 1969. Tata Motors later launched the Tata Estate (1992; a station wagon design based on the earlier Tata Mobile), the Tata Sumo (1994, a 5-door SUV) and the Tata Safari (1998).

On 30 May 2022, Tata Motors announced that it has signed an agreement with Ford for manufacturing a plant in Gujarat. Tata Motors agreed to pay 7.26 billion rupees ($91.5m) for the manufacturing plant.


Voorne aan Zee

Voorne aan Zee is a municipality in the Dutch province of South Holland. In 2023, 73,000 people lived there.

It was created on 1 January 2023 from the former municipalities of Brielle, Hellevoetsluis, and Westvoorne.


Titan (company)

Titan Company Limited is an Indian subsidiary company. They manufacture fashion accessories such as jewellery, watches and eyewear. It is a part of the Tata Group. Their headquarters is at Electronic City in Bangalore, Karnataka and it has a registered office in Tamil Nadu.

Titan company started its operations in 1984 under the name "Titan Watches Limited". In 1994, Titan focused into jewellery with "Tanishq" and later into eyewear with "Titan Eyeplus". In 2005, it launched its youth fashion accessories brand named "Fastrack". The company is the largest branded jewellery maker in India. As of 2022, Titan has a 6% market share in India's jewellery market. As of 2019, it is also the fifth-largest watch manufacturer in the world.


Deakin University

Deakin University is a public university in Victoria, Australia. Founded in 1974, the university was named after Alfred Deakin, the second Prime Minister of Australia.

Its main campuses are in Melbourne's Burwood suburb, Geelong Waurn Ponds, Geelong Waterfront and Warrnambool, as well as the online Cloud Campus. Deakin also has learning centres in Dandenong and Werribee, all in the state of Victoria.

Neoclassical realism

Neoclassical realism is one of many theories of international relations. It combines classical realism and neorealism. It also is an approach to foreign policy analysis. American writer Gideon Rose created this term in an article in 1998.

Mater Ecclesiae

Mater Ecclesiae (Latin: Mother of the Church) is a monastery in the Vatican Gardens, in Vatican City. Nuns live there. Pope John Paul II founded the monastery in 1995. The nuns living there have the duty to look after the the pope, and to care and pray for him. There are twelve rooms, or cells, where nuns live. Different orders take turns in sending nuns there

Ratan Tata

Ratan Tata, (born December 28, 1937), is a former Indian businessman and industrialist. He was the chairman of the Tata Group for two terms (1991–2012 and 2016–17). He continues to head its helpful trusts. In 2008, he received the Padma Vibhushan, the second highest civilian honour in India, after receiving the Padma Bhushan, the third highest civilian honour in 2000.

He is the son of Naval Tata, who was raised by Ratanji Tata. In 1975, Tata received a bachelor's degree in architecture from the Cornell University College of Architecture and later in the Harvard Business School through a management course.

He is also known as richest person in the world, because he donated 102 billion dollars to poor people. In India, Ratan Tata is considered to came from Satyug to Kalyug (nowadays) 


Kismat Ki Lakiro Se

Kismat Ki Lakiron Se (translation:From The Writings Of Destiny Itself) is an Indian Hindi-language romance drama television series. Produced by Rashmi Sharma under the banner of Rashmi Sharma Telefilms, it stars Shaily Priya Pandey, Varun Vijay Sharma, Abhishek Pathania, and Sumati Singh. It premiered on 5 September 2022 on Shemaroo Umang.




Maastrichtian

The Maastrichtian is, in the ICS geologic timescale, the latest age of the Upper Cretaceous. It spanned the interval from 72.1 to 66 million years ago. The breakup of Pangaea was nearly complete in the Maastrichtian, with Australia beginning to break away from Antarctica and Madagascar breaking away from India. However, Arabia had not yet rifted away from Africa. North America was separated from Europe by rift basins, but seabed spreading had not yet commenced between the two continents. 

Dinosaurs remained the dominant large terrestrial animals throughout the Maastrichtian, though mammals with internal organs similar to modern mammals were also present.

The radiation of flowering plants was well under way in the Maastrichtian. From 50% to 80% of all genera of land plants were angiosperms, though gymnosperms and ferns still covered larger areas of the land surface.

Eyewear

Eyewear is an accessory for wearing on or over the eyes. It is used for fashion or decoration, protection against the surrounding conditions, and to improve visual sharpness or visual ability. There are many forms of eyewear. Some of them are glasses (also called eyeglasses), sunglasses, and contact lenses. 
Eyewear can also include more useful forms of eye protection, such as goggles. Oppositely, blindfolds are a form of eyewear used to block vision for a variety of purposes.

Flavored milk

Flavored milk is a sweet dairy product that is made of milk, sugar, flavorings, and sometimes food colorings. It may be sold as a pasteurized, refrigerated product, or as an ultra-high-temperature (UHT) treated product that does not require any refrigerating. It may also be made made in resturanuts or at homes.

Heiðrún

In Norse mythology, Heidrun (commonly pronounced as HI-TH-RRUN) is the great goat of Valhala. The Einherjar, warriors who died in battle for Odin, get their mead from this animal. She lives at the top of Valhalla. Heidrun eats leaves from the trees on the top the fortress. 

In the "Poetic Edda" Heiðrún is mentioned twice. She is described in the "Grímnismál".

In most portraits that show the goat, she is shown as a very large creature standing on top of the roofs of Valhalla. She is seen in a way similar to Ratatoskr, the gossip loving squirrel that tends the world tree. Because of this, some historians think that Heidrun would eat the leaves from the upper branchs of Yggdrasil that are pushed to Valhalla. This may mean that Asgard is also up there. The Norse were very vague about where they thought the realms were on the tree. 

Dakimakura

Dakimakura is a large type of pillow from Japan. In English, it often translates to body pillow or waifu pillows. They are usually called "comfort objects" by Japanese youth.
Love pillows are a type of dakimakura usually portraying life-sized pictures of characters with sexual poses. They may portray anime characters, furry characters, or pornographic film actors.

Strawberry pie

Strawberry pie is a dessert food mainly consisting of strawberries and sugar in a pie crust, sometimes with gelatin. It is usually served with whipped cream. In the United States, it is one of the red foods often served during Juneteenth celebrations, and is also a popular dessert at Fourth of July gatherings.

Flashlight fish

Flashlight fish is a common name for several fish and may refer to:


Velika Kladuša

Velika Kladuša (, ; lit. "Great Kladuša") is a town in the canton of Una-Sana in Bosnia and Herzegovina. It is in the far northwest of Bosnia and Herzegovina. It is on the border with Croatia. As of 2013, it has a population of 40,419. Most of the people living there are ethnic Bosniaks who follow Islam. The town is 100% Muslim with all residents professing Islam.

Lion (color)

Lion, also called khaki or lion brown, is a color that looks like the fur of a lion. The lion is a species of felid that is found in Africa and India. 

The word "lion" was first used the name of a color in English in 1551.

The phrase "lion brown" was first used as the name of a color in English in 2021.

Lion fur is a color that looks like khaki, but lighter. 

Take A Daytrip

Take a Daytrip is an American record production and songwriting duo composed of Denzel Baptiste (born January 9, 1993) and David Biral (Born February 22, 1993). They are best known for producing singles such as Sheck Wes' "Mo Bamba", Lil Nas X's "Panini", "Montero (Call Me by Your Name)", and "Industry Baby" (featuring Jack Harlow), Juice Wrld's Legends, and Travis Scott and Kid Cudi's The Scotts, in which all of them reached the top 30 of the Billboard Hot 100.

Ternate

Ternate is a city in the eastern Indonesian province of North Maluku. It is made up of many islands in the Maluku Islands. It was the "de facto" provincial capital of North Maluku before Sofifi on the nearby coast of Halmahera became the capital in 2010. It is off the west coast of Halmahera. It is made up of eight islands: Ternate, Moti, Hiri, Tifure, Mayau, Makka, Mano, and Gurida. In total, the city has a land area of 162.17 square kilometres and had a total population of 185,705 according to the 2010 census, and 205,001 according to the 2020 census, with a density of 1,264 people per square kilometre. It is the biggest and most densely populated city in the province, is the economic, cultural, and education center of North Maluku, and acts as a hub to neighbouring regions. It was the capital of the Sultanate of Ternate in the 15th and 16th centuries, and fought against the Sultanate of Tidore over control of the spice trade in the Moluccas before becoming a main interest to competing European powers. Most of the population is Muslim.

Nile Rodgers

Nile Gregory Rodgers Jr. (born September 19, 1952) is an American musician, record producer and composer. The co-founder of Chic, Rodgers has written, produced, and performed on records that have sold more than 500 million albums and 75 million singles worldwide.

Mazovia

Mazovia or Masovia () is a historical region in mid-north-eastern Poland. It goes across the North European Plain. It is between Łódź and Białystok. Warsaw is the unofficial capital city. Warsaw is also the largest city in the region. Throughout the centuries, Mazovia made a different culture than other Polish cultures.

Historical Mazovia existed from the Middle Ages until the partitions of Poland. It was made up of three voivodeships with the capitals in Warsaw, Płock and Rawa. The main city of the region was Płock. At the time, Płock was the capital of Poland. Later, however, Płock lost its importance to Warsaw. Warsaw then became the capital of Poland. From 1138, Mazovia was led by a branch of the Piast dynasty. When the last ruler of the independent Duchy of Mazovia died, it became fully part of the Polish Crown in 1526. The Mazovian Governorate was made in 1816. It had land in the south part of the region along with Łęczyca Land and south-eastern Kuyavia. The Mazovian Governorate lasted until 1844. The old ethnic group of Mazovia are the Masurians. They settled in Masuria in southern Prussia in the Late Middle Ages. There they converted to Protestantism in the Reformation era.
The Mazovian Voivodeship was created in 1999. The borders of this voivodeship are not the same as the region of Mazovia. This is because the borders do not have the Mazovian cities of Łomża and Łowicz, but do have the Lesser Polish cities of Radom and Siedlce.

The following table lists the cities in Mazovia with a population greater than 20,000 (2015):

ILY (I Love You Baby)

"ILY (I Love You Baby)", originally titled "ILY", is a song by American producer Surf Mesa featuring vocals from Emilee Flood. It was released on November 26, 2019. The song was re-released through Astralwerks and Universal in February 2020. Because of that, the song's re-release got viral on TikTok. It samples the chorus from the 1967 song "Can't Take My Eyes Off You" by Frankie Valli.

Hambirrao Mohite

Hambirrao Mohite (1630-1687) was the chief military commander of Maratha Empire. He participated many campaigns and fought against the Mughals. He has worked for Shivaji Maharaj and Sambhaji Maharaj. His sister Soyrabai later married "Chhatrapati" Shivaji Maharaj, which made Mohite as Shivaji's brother-in-law.

Sister Nancy

Ophlin Russell (born on January 2, 1962), better known as Sister Nancy (or Muma Nancy), is a Jamaican dancehall DJ and singer. She is best known to the world as the first female dancehall DJ and described as being a "dominating female voice for over two decades" on the dancehall scene.
One of her most famous songs is Bam Bam, which is labeled as a "well-known reggae anthem" by BBC and a "classic" by The Observer.

Love Me Harder

"Love Me Harder" is a pop/synthwave/synth-pop/R&B song by American singer Ariana Grande and Canadian singer The Weeknd, released on September 30, 2014. It is from Grande's second studio album "My Everything". The song's lyrics are about rough sex. In the United States. the song reached number seven on the Billboard Hot 100. As of April 2018, the song had sold 1.7 million copies in the United States, and has been certified triple platinum.

Anywhere (song)

"Anywhere" is a dance-pop/electropop song by British singer Rita Ora, released on October 20, 2017. It is from Ora's second studio album, "Phoenix". "Anywhere" is a wistful, dance-pop and electropop love song about escapism, featuring a breakdown of stuttering vocal loops.

Bloody Mary (song)

Bloody Mary is an electropop song by American recording artist Lady Gaga, released in December 2022 and recorded in 2010. It is from her second studio album, "Born This Way" (2011). The song's lyrics talk about Gaga assumes the role of biblical figure, Mary Magdalene, in who she found a "feminine force" in and worshipped her since her childhood in a Catholic girl school. It is one of the several tracks on the album that have biblical references. 

In 2022, following the release of the Netflix horror-comedy series "Wednesday", dances featuring the title character, Wednesday Addams, along with fan reactions, went viral on the video streaming service TikTok. Many used a sped-up version of the song. This resulted in a large increase of plays of this song on Spotify.

Lavender Haze

"Lavender Haze" is an electropop/R&B song by American singer-songwriter Taylor Swift. It is released on November 29, 2022. It is from her tenth studio album, "Midnights". The lyrics of the song are about eroticism, and reference her desire to be in a romantic relationship without all the exterior scrutiny and pressure. It peaked at number two on the US Billboard Hot 100, blocked from the top spot by the album's lead single, "Anti-Hero".

Pre-existence of Christ

The pre-existence of Christ is the belief that Jesus did exist before he was even born. Before his human birth he was the fully divine person God the Son until he chose to be "made flesh" to then possess not one—but two natures—human and divine.

In John 17:5, Jesus talks about the glory that he had with the Father "before the world existed" and in verse 24, that the Father loved him "before the foundation of the world". 

John 1 opens with "In the beginning was the Word, and the Word was with God..." this "Word" is later said to have been Jesus in verse 14 but just "made flesh".

The pre-existence of Christ is one of the most important beliefs in mainstream Christianity. Most mainstream churches that accept the Nicene Creed view the nature of the pre-existent Christ as the fully divine person called the Word, which is described in John 1:1-3; the verses read:


Kurmanjan Datka

Kurmanjan Datka (1811 - February 1, 1907, died at age 95-96) also known as "The Tsaritsa of Alai" or "The Queen of the South" was a Kyrgyz politician who accepted under violence to the annexation of of Kyrgyzstan to Russia. In 2014, the film Queen of the Mountains (film) was a biography movie dedicated to her that centers around her life.

Peru (song)

"Peru", is an afrobeats song by Nigerian singer Fireboy DML. It was released on July 20, 2021. It is from Fireboy DML's album, Playboy. On December 23, 2021, a reworked version of "Peru" was released, in collaboration with British singer-songwriter, Ed Sheeran.

Megatron (song)

"Megatron" is a dancehall/hip-hop song by Nicki Minaj. It was released on June 21, 2019. It is her only solo released in 2019. The song has a sample of "Murder She Wrote" by Chaka Demus and Pliers.

Cornufer weberi

Weber's wrinkled ground frog ("Cornufer weberi") is a frog. It lives in the Solomon Islands.

Hotline Bling

"Hotline Bling" is a pop/R&B song by Canadian rapper Drake. It was released on July 31, 2015. It is from Drake's fourth studio album, "Views". It is also credited as a bonus track on the album.

Commercially, "Hotline Bling" reached number two on the US "Billboard" Hot 100. The song also reached number three in Canada and the United Kingdom. The song won two awards at the 2017 Grammy Awards for Best Rap Song and Best Rap/Sung Performance.

There were remixes of this song by singers Justin Bieber and Billie Eilish. Billie Eilish's remix was a B-side of her song, "Party Favor".

It's Corn

"It's Corn" is a pop song by The Gregory Brothers that remixes and samples portions of an interview of Tariq, nicknamed "Corn Kid" on Recess Therapy. It is also an internet meme. The governor of South Dakota, Kristi Noem, declared September 3 as "Official Corn-bassador Tariq Day".

Deaths in 2023

The following is a list of notable deaths that happened in 2023. Names under each date are noted in the order of the alphabet by last name or pseudonym. Deaths of living beings that are not humans are noted here also if it is worth noting. 

Each listing of death must have a source. If no reference is included, the death notice will be removed. The following are the requirements of adding a name to the list in its order: name, age, where they came from, what the person is known for, cause of death (if known), and a source.




Battle of the Svatove–Kreminna line

The Battle of the Svatove–Kreminna line is an ongoing battle (as of 2023's third quarter) between Russia and Ukraine. It is being fought in Eastern Ukraine. It is along a frontline running from the city of Svatove to the city of Kreminna. The battle started on 2 October 2022. It started a day after the Ukrainian Army took back the nearby city of Lyman.

Kreminna was the first city to fall during the Donbas Offensive that was announced by Russia on April 18, 2022. Svatove fell on 6 March during Eastern Ukraine campaign.

On the night of 27–28 September, Ukrainian soldiers went across the Siverskyi Donets River in Dronivka. They took the Siverskyi Donets Forest Park and blocked the important Kreminna-Torske road. Russian soldiers retreating from Lyman after the second battle for the town went to fortify Kreminna.

On 2 October, Ukrainian soldiers began bombarding the Russians in Kreminna. The Ukrainians took land up to the R-66 highway. Russian soldiers put land mines on every road between Kreminna and Svatove to defeat Ukrainian attacks. Between 2 and 13 October, Ukrainian soldiers captured 14 towns and villages along the Kharkiv-Luhansk border. The largest of the towns captured is Borova. Ukrainian soldiers also went towards Chervonopopivka on the Svatove-Kreminna highway. However, they were pushed back from there by October 5. Two more villages were taken by Ukrainian soldiers on 24 October.

Neither side took much territory during November. Still, there were many battles going on every day. 

On the night of 2 November, Ukrainian sources claimed to have destroyed a Russian battalion near the town of Makiivka, in Svatove Raion. According to a Russian survivor of the attack, out of the 570 soldiers in his unit, 29 survived, 12 were wounded, and the other 529 men had been killed.

By early December, Ukraine had moved forward to the hills west of Chervonopopivka. In early December, Ukrainian soldiers broke through Russian lines near Chervonopopivka. Fighting was mostly west of the R-66 highway between Kreminna and Svatove. 

In December, many battles started along the line. Both Russian and Ukrainian soldiers made daily attacks. On 18 December, a video showed Ukrainian soldiers moving forward in the Serebryansky forest south of Kreminna. On 26 December, Luhansk Oblast governor Serhiy Haidai said that fighting was happening near Kreminna. The Russian command there moved to Rubizhne during the fighting.


Annie Award for Best Animated Feature

The Annie Award for Best Animated Feature is an Annie Award introduced in 1992. It is awarded annually to the best animated feature film.

In 1998, the award was renamed Outstanding Achievement in an Animated Theatrical Feature, only to revert to its original title again in 2001.



Invizimals

Invizimals is an augmented reality video game franchise developed by Novarama and published by Sony Computer Entertainment Europe. The series began in 2009, as a video game on PSP, has since inspired toys, Trading cards, comics, and an animated television series telling an interconnected transmedia story.

Gameplay of "Invizimals" is similar to "Pokèmon" series, involving players capturing and raising diffrent speciesof creatues, and allowing player to battle with them, either against an AI or with the other creatures using the PSP's wireless abilities. Unlike "Pokèmon", however "Invizimals" requires the players to hunt and capture more creatures, within the real world, using the augmented reality system. These monsters are spawned (determined by color of surfaces and time of day), and the trap to used to captured of monsters. Once captured, the players are able to raise and their monster's levels, and allow them to learn diffrent attacks that can used in battle. Players also use the trap to view their monsters, and take pictures of their collection.


In September 2012, Sony Computer Entertainment Europe was announced computer animated series called Invizimals (the TV series of the same name that announced in 26 episodes) would be produced by BRB International. The show was created by BRB's Screen21 Media and Novarama, who are both based in Barcelona, with writters from North America, and animation done in China. It billed itself as the first augmented-reality cartoon television series, with on-screen scannable markers that would unlock content in "" on PlayStation Vita and also the "Invizimals: TV Tracker" app for iOS and Android.

Two Memories

Two Memories is a 1909 American silent drama movie directed by D. W. Griffith and stars Marion Leonard, David Miles, and Mary Pickford.


Anita Pointer

Anita Marie Pointer (January 23, 1948 – December 31, 2022) was an American singer and songwriter. She is most notable for being a member of the R&B singing group The Pointer Sisters. With the group, she performed the lead vocals for songs such as "Yes We Can Can" "Fire", "Slow Hand" and "I'm So Excited". She was born in Oakland, California.

On December 31, 2022, Pointer died at the age of 74. She died from cancer.

The Violin Maker of Cremona

The Violin Maker of Cremona is a 1909 American silent drama movie directed by D. W. Griffith and stars Herbert Prior, Mary Pickford, and Owen Moore.


The Voice of the Violin (movie)

The Voice of the Violin is a 1909 American silent drama movie directed by D. W. Griffith and stars Arthur V. Johnson, Marion Leonard, and Frank Powell.


The Welcome Burglar

The Welcome Burglar is a 1909 American silent drama movie directed by D. W. Griffith and stars Marion Leonard, Harry Solter, and Charles Inslee.


The Wooden Leg

The Wooden Leg is a 1909 American silent comedy movie directed by D. W. Griffith and stars David Miles, Florence Lawrence, and John R. Cumpson.


A Wreath in Time

A Wreath in Time is a 1909 American silent comedy movie directed by D. W. Griffith and stars Mack Sennett, Florence Lawrence, and Linda Arvidson.


The Actor's Children

The Actor's Children is a 1910 American silent drama movie directed by Barry O'Neil and stars Frank H. Crane, Orilla Smith, and Yale Boss.


All on Account of the Milk

All on Account of the Milk is a 1910 American silent comedy movie directed by Frank Powell and stars Mary Pickford, Kate Bruce, and Blanche Sweet.


The American and the Queen

The American and the Queen is a 1910 American silent drama movie.

Deaths in January 2023

The following is a list of deaths that should be noted in January 2023. For deaths that should be noted before the month that the world is in, please see "Months". Names under each date are noted in the order of the alphabet by last name or pseudonym. Deaths of non-humans are noted here also if it is worth noting.

Every entry must have a source. If no reference is included, the death notice will be removed. The following are the requirements of adding a name to the list in its order: name, age, where they came from, what the person is known for, cause of death (if known) and a source.































Deaths in February 2023

The following is a list of deaths that should be noted in February 2023. For deaths that should be noted before the month that the world is in, please see "Months". Names under each date are noted in the order of the alphabet by last name or pseudonym. Deaths of non-humans are noted here also if it is worth noting.

Every entry must have a source. If no reference is included, the death notice will be removed. The following are the requirements of adding a name to the list in its order: name, age, where they came from, what the person is known for, cause of death (if known) and a source.




























Deaths in March 2023

The following is a list of deaths that should be noted in March 2023. For deaths that should be noted before the month that the world is in, please see "Months". Names under each date are noted in the order of the alphabet by last name or pseudonym. Deaths of non-humans are noted here also if it is worth noting.

Every entry must have a source. If no reference is included, the death notice will be removed. The following are the requirements of adding a name to the list in its order: name, age, where they came from, what the person is known for, cause of death (if known) and a source.

































Deaths in April 2023

The following is a list of deaths that happened in April 2023. For deaths that should be noted before the month that the world is in, please see "Months". Names under each date are noted in the order of the alphabet by last name or pseudonym. Deaths of non-humans are noted here also if it is worth noting.

Each listing of death must have a source. If no reference is included, the death notice will be removed. The following are the requirements of adding a name to the list in its order: name, age, where they came from, what the person is known for, cause of death (if known), and a source.






























Deaths in May 2023

The following is a list of deaths that happened in May 2023. For deaths that should be noted before the month that the world is in, please see "Months". Names under each date are noted in the order of the alphabet by last name or pseudonym. Deaths of non-humans are noted here also if it is worth noting.

Each listing of death must have a source. If no reference is included, the death notice will be removed. The following are the requirements of adding a name to the list in its order: name, age, where they came from, what the person is known for, cause of death (if known), and a source.
































Deaths in June 2023

The following is a list of deaths that happened in June 2023. For deaths that should be noted before the month that the world is in, please see "Months". Names under each date are noted in the order of the alphabet by last name or pseudonym. Deaths of non-humans are noted here also if it is worth noting.

Each listing of death must have a source. If no reference is included, the death notice will be removed. The following are the requirements of adding a name to the list in its order: name, age, where they came from, what the person is known for, cause of death (if known), and a source.






























Deaths in July 2023

The following is a list of deaths that should be noted in July 2023. For deaths that should be noted before the month that the world is in, please see "Months". Names under each date are noted in the order of the alphabet by last name or pseudonym. Deaths of non-humans are noted here also if it is worth noting.

Every entry must have a source. If no reference is included, the death notice will be removed. The following are the requirements of adding a name to the list in its order: name, age, where they came from, what the person is known for, cause of death (if known) and a source.






























Deaths in August 2023

The following is a list of deaths that should be noted in August 2023. For deaths that should be noted before the month that the world is in, please see "Months". Names under each date are noted in the order of the alphabet by last name or pseudonym. Deaths of non-humans are noted here also if it is worth noting.

Every entry must have a source. If no reference is included, the death notice will be removed. The following are the requirements of adding a name to the list in its order: name, age, where they came from, what the person is known for, cause of death (if known) and a source.




























Deaths in September 2023

The following is a list of deaths that should be noted in September 2023. For deaths that should be noted before the month that the world is in, please see "Months". Names under each date are noted in the order of the alphabet by last name or pseudonym. Deaths of non-humans are noted here also if it is worth noting.

Every entry must have a source. If no reference is included, the death notice will be removed. The following are the requirements of adding a name to the list in its order: name, age, where they came from, what the person is known for, cause of death (if known) and a source.





























Deaths in October 2023

The following is a list of deaths that should be noted in October 2023. For deaths that should be noted before the month that the world is in, please see "Months". Names under each date are noted in the order of the alphabet by last name or pseudonym. Deaths of non-humans are noted here also if it is worth noting.

Every entry must have a source. If no reference is included, the death notice will be removed. The following are the requirements of adding a name to the list in its order: name, age, where they came from, what the person is known for, cause of death (if known) and a source.





























Deaths in November 2023

The following is a list of deaths that should be noted in November 2023. For deaths that should be noted before the month that the world is in, please see "Months". Names under each date are noted in the order of the alphabet by last name or pseudonym. Deaths of non-humans are noted here also if it is worth noting.

Every entry must have a source. If no reference is included, the death notice will be removed. The following are the requirements of adding a name to the list in its order: name, age, where they came from, what the person is known for, cause of death (if known) and a source.






























Deaths in December 2023

The following is a list of deaths that should be noted in December 2023. For deaths that should be noted before the month that the world is in, please see "Months". Names under each date are noted in the order of the alphabet by last name or pseudonym. Deaths of non-humans are noted here also if it is worth noting.

Every entry must have a source. If no reference is included, the death notice will be removed. The following are the requirements of adding a name to the list in its order: name, age, where they came from, what the person is known for, cause of death (if known) and a source.

































Dhruv Tara – Samay Sadi Se Pare

Dhruv Tara – Samay Sadi Se Pare () is a Indian fantasy television series. It premiered on 27 February 2023 on Sony SAB. It was produced by Shashi Mittal and Sumeet Mittal under Shashi Sumeet Productions.

The series stars Ishaan Dhawan and Riya Sharma.


The series was announced on Sony SAB by Shashi Sumeet Productions. Ishaan Dhawan as Dhruv and Riya Sharma as Tarapriya were signed as the lead. The shooting of the series started in December 2022, with Narayani Shastri and Yash Tonk joining the cast. The promo featuring the leads was released on 23 December 2022.


Gautam Adani

Gautam Shantilal Adani (born 24 June 1962) is an Indian billionaire industrialist and businessman. He founded Adani Group, a multinational company which is involved in port development and operations in India. He is the present president of Adani Foundation. As of December 2022, he had a net worth of US$138.1 billion (according to "Forbes)" and $133 billion (according to Bloomberg), making him the richest person in Asia and the seventh richest person in the world. Early in 2023 the value of his listed companies fell by over $100 billion after his group was accused of accounting fraud and stock price manipulation. 

When Adani was a teenager went to Mumbai in 1978 to work as a diamond sorter for Mahendra Brothers. Later, he and his brother Mahasukbhai set up a PVC unit in Ahemdabad and stated global trading operations. After some time, Adani created his own company as Adani Enterprise. The company only dealt in agricultural and power commodities. 

He was in the Taj Mahal Palace Hotel during the 2008 Mumbai attacks. In September 2020, Adani acquired a 74% stake in Mumbai International Airport.


Stephen Greif

Stephen John Greif (; 26 August 1944 – 23 December 2022) was an English actor. He is known for his TV roles as Travis in "Blake's 7" and Harry Fenning in three series of "Citizen Smith". His movie credits include "Casanova" (2005) and "Shoot on Sight" (2007). Greif was born in Sawbridgeworth, Hertfordshire.

Greif died on 23 December 2022, at the age of 78.

The Whole World Lost Its Head

"The Whole World Lost Its Head" is a 1994 song by American new wave band The Go-Go's and taken from their album "Return to the Valley of The Go-Go's". It went to number 29 in the United Kingdom and was their one and only top 40 hit in the United Kingdom.

Ali Latifiyan

Ali Latifiyan (born 1968 - Tehran), (in Persian: علی لطیفیان), is an Iranian writer, researcher, social-political theorist, historian and photographer.

Ali Latifiyan was born on December 6, 1968 in Tehran, Iran. His great grandfather is Heydar Latifiyan who was a commander of Iranian in World War I in the Middle East.

He has published numerous papers and articles about history and culture. He received his master's degree in two subjects: political science and Islamic studies. After that, he started teaching in some colleges.

He married Poopak NikTalab (daughter of Ahmad NikTalab) in 1999. They have two children.


1960–61 Austrian Cup

The 1960-61 Austrian Cup was Austria's nationwide football cup competition. FK Austria Wien were the defending champions.

Ludwig Huyer - Wilhelm Zaglitsch - Walter Glechner - Josef Höltl - Walter Skocik - Karl Gießer - Paul Halla - Peter Reiter - Walter Seitl - Rudolf Flögel - Josef Bertalan coach: Robert Körner
Thomas Kozich - Alfred Pichler - Josef Webora - Karl Nickerl - Karl Koller - Alfons Dirnberger - Johann Lahner - Peter Aust - Johann Buzek - Helmut Senekowitsch - Johann Schiehl coach: Leopold Gernhardt

Wanderlust (R.E.M. song)

"Wanderlust" is a 2005 song by alternative rock band R.E.M. and is the fourth and final single from their 13th studio album "Around the Sun". It went to number 27 in the United Kingdom and number 48 in Ireland. It was their last top 40 single in the United Kingdom.

All tracks were written by Peter Buck, Mike Mills, and Michael Stipe unless otherwise stated.

7-inch 

CD 1 

CD 2 
 Recorded at Recinto Ferial de la Feria de Muestras in Zaragoza, Spain; May 28, 2005.

Digital download

Tata Play

Tata Play (stylised as TΛTΛ PLΛY) is an Indian DTH broadcasting service provider. It uses MPEG-4 digital compression technology which transmits using INSAT-4A and GSAT-10 satellite. It was launched in 2005 as Tata Sky. It presently provides a total of 601 channels (495 SD channels and 99 HD channels) and own services, along with many other value-added services. 

As of March 2020, according to TRAI, Tata Play serves 22 million subscribers which is 33.37% of total DTH users in India. Tata Play is the largest DTH service provider in India. Tata Play entered into an agreement with French firm Technicolor to supply 4K set top boxes from early 2015. On 20 March 2019, The Walt Disney Company bought the 21st Century Fox, which makes them their new 30% stakeholder.

Tata Play was the second operator to launch DTH or direct-to-home services in 2006. At that time, the company decided to use an ISRO satellite.

Abundance of chemical elements

The elements are only a small part of the content of the Universe. By "elements" is meant ordinary (baryonic) matter made of protons, neutrons, and electrons. 

Observations suggest that "only 4.6% of the universe's energy makes up the visible (baryonic) matter of the universe". That includes the energy ("E" = "mc" ⇔ "m" = "E" / "c") in stars, planets, and living beings. 

The rest is thought to be made up of dark energy (68%) and dark matter (27%). These are forms of matter and energy are "believed" to exist on the basis of scientific theory and inductive reasoning. They are based on observations, but they have not been directly observed. Their nature is not well understood.

Most standard (baryonic) matter is found in intergalactic gas, stars, and interstellar clouds, in the form of atoms or ions (plasma). Degenerate forms are found in extreme settings, such as the high densities inside white dwarfs and neutron stars.

The inner planets of the Solar System are unusual because they have a high amount of heavier elements. These heavier elements were formed in earlier supernovae. 

N. C. Debbarma

Narendra Chandra Debbarma (28 August 1942 – 1 January 2023) was an Indian politician for the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP). He served in the Tripura Legislative Assembly from 2018 until his death in 2023. He was also president of the Indigenous Peoples Front of Tripura and a director of All India Radio. He was born in Agartala.

On 30 December 2022, Debbarma was taken to a Agartala hospital after having a stroke. He died on 1 January 2023, at the age of 80.

Horst Nemec

Horst Nemec (25 January 1939 – 23 June 1984) was an Austrian football forward. He played for Austria Wien and Vienna and the Austrian national football team.
Horst Nemec began his football career in August 1950 at Rudolfsheimer AC and came to Austria via SC Helfort Wien. He made his debut in Austria in the 1957–58 season. The striker was able to dominate the championship in Austria and won the championship three times from 1961 to 1963. In this time he was three times top scorer of the league. 1966 he went to Vienna. In 1969 he ended his career. In his career he played 220 league matches and scored 146 goals.

He debuted in the national team on 23 September 1959 in a 5:2 win over Norway. In this match he scored his first two international goals. His last match was on 5 September 1965 versus Hungary. He played 29 matches for Austria and scored 16 goals.
In the early 1970s he coached Rosenhügel. 
After his career, Nemec ran an espresso on Gumpendorfer Strasse in Vienna. He died in 1984 at the age of 45.

Frank McGarvey

Francis Peter McGarvey (17 March 1956 – 1 January 2023) was a Scottish professional footballer. He played as a forward, mostly for Celtic and St Mirren. He also made seven international appearances for Scotland.

McGarvey was born in Glasgow. He was signed by Alex Ferguson for St Mirren. He first played for St Mirren in April 1975. He became a regular starter at the club. During the 1976–77 season, he scored 17 goals as the club won the Scottish First Division and were promoted to the highest level. His form was praised by Liverpool manager Bob Paisley. In May 1979, McGarvey signed for Liverpool for £270,000. He did not play in the first team for Liverpool.

In March 1980, Liverpool accepted Celtic's £270,000 bid for McGarvey. For a short time, McGarvey became Scotland's most expensive footballer. He played 245 times for Celtic over five years, scoring 113 goals. In that time, he won two league titles, two Scottish Cups and a Scottish League Cup. In 1985, he joined St Mirren for a second time. Two years later, he won a Scottish Cup with St Mirren. He later had stints at Queen of the South (as player-manager), Clyde, Shotts Bon Accord and Troon.

In 2022, McGarvey was diagnosed with pancreatic cancer. He died on 1 January 2023, at the age of 66.







Cornufer vogti

The Admiralty Island webbed frog ("Cornufer vogti") is a frog. It lives in Papua New Guinea, on Rambutyo Island, which is part of the Admiralty Islands.

Kadri Mälk

Kadri Mälk ("née" Sõer; 27 January 1958 – 1 January 2023) was an Estonian artist and jewellery designer. Mälk was born in Tallinn. She graduated from the Estonian Academy of Arts in 1986. Mälk was assigned to the Estonian Academy of Arts from 1989. She was also a professor in the jewellery department at the school from 1996.

Mälk was married three times. Her final husband was writer and translator Mati Sirkel.

Mälk died after an illness on 1 January 2023, at the age of 64.

Robert Dienst

Robert Dienst (1 March 1928 – 13 June 2000) was an Austrian football forward. He played mainly for SK Rapid Wien. He played also in the Austrian national football team. For Austria he played in the 1954 - and 1958 FIFA World Cup .
Robert Dienst started his career at Floridsdorfer AC, where he played his first game as a midfielder. In 1948 he went to Rapid Wien where he played till 1962. He became one of the most successful Austrian goalscorers in the 1950s. He scored 323 goals in 351 games in total in the Austrian Football Bundesliga. Three times he was top goalscorers. With his 307 Bundesliga goals, he is still Rapid's record league goalscorer. At the end of his career he played for SV Schwechat.

He made his debut for Austria in an October 1949 match against Hungary and earned a total of 27 caps, scoring 12 goals. He was a participant at the 1954 FIFA World Cup and 1958 FIFA World Cup. In 1958 he was in the squad but did not play.
He coached a few small clubs with (Floridsdorfer AC, SV Tulln, SV Stockerau and Kremser SC). He also worked as an assistant coach at Rapid in 1967–68 (where he won the double) and at Austria Vienna in 1974–75.


Jefferson Lecture

The Jefferson Lecture is “the highest honor" that the government of the United States gives for very good work in a subject of the humanities.

The award began in 1972. It is given almost every year. The person who is chosen gives a lecture or long speech about his or her area of study. The leader of the National Endowment for the Humanities chooses the winner for each year. 

Jefferson lecturers have included such famous people as film director Martin Scorsese, playwright Arthur Miller, novelist John Updike, historian Henry Louis Gates, Jr., and poet Gwendolyn Brooks.

Aspect ratio

Aspect ratio of picture or display is the ratio between width and height. i.e.: If a picture or video has resolution of 1920 x 1080, That means the width is 1920 and the height is 1080. Now if we write them as ratio then these two parameters become (width:height) 1920:1080. Dividing both of them by the same denominator 120 it becomes 16 : 9. Which is ultimately the aspect ratio of the picture or video.

The Violent Sleep of Reason

The Violent Sleep of Reason is the eighth studio album by Meshuggah. Meshuggah is a Swedish experimental metal band. The album was released on October 7, 2016. It had one single, "Born In Dissonance". Another song from the album was nominated for a Grammy Award. This song is named "Clockworks".

"Loudwire" and "Rolling Stone" said it was one of the best heavy metal albums made in 2016. It is one of their highest charting albums.

All lyrics by Tomas Haake except "Ivory Tower" by Mårten Hagström.

Clarity (album)

Clarity is the debut studio album by Russian-German electronic music producer Zedd. It was released on October 5, 2012. A deluxe version of the album was released on September 24, 2013. The release of the deluxe album is preceded by the single "Stay The Night", which features Hayley Williams of Paramore. The album has mixed views from critics.

Anomalopidae

Anomalopidae (lanterneye fishes or flashlight fishes) are a family of fish. They have bioluminescent organs under their eyes. These light organs contain glowing bacteria. They can be "shut off" by the fish. It does this by either using a dark lid or by being drawn into a pouch. The organs are used to communicate, attract prey and evade predators.

Flashlight fish are found in tropical ocean waters across the world. They are normally about in size. Some species can be twice this length. They are nocturnal. The fish feed at night on small crustaceans. Some species move to shallow waters near coral reefs at night. Most species are deep water fish. This tends to make research of the family difficult. They are a poorly understood group of fish.


Clarity (song)

Clarity is a progressive house/electronic house song by Russian-German electronic music producer Zedd. It was released on November 12, 2012. It is from Zedd's debut studio album of the same name. The song won the Grammy Award for Best Dance Recording at the 56th Grammy Awards, making it their first win.

Stay The Night (Zedd song)

"Stay the Night" is an electro house song by Russian-German electronic music producer Zedd featuring vocals from Hayley Williams of Paramore. It was released on September 10, 2013. It is from the deluxe version of Zedd's debut studio album, "Clarity".

God the Son

In Christian theology, God the Son is the second person of the Trinity, which teaches that Jesus Christ is the Incarnation of God. God the Son who along with the Father and the Holy Spirit is of the same essence, share the same qualities, and each are fully God.

These three words: "God the Son" are nowhere to be found in the Bible, but are found in later Christian sources. At one time, a scribe made an error in one medieval manuscript, MS No. 1985, where Galatians 2:20 has "Son of God" changed to "God the Son".

The New American Standard Bible chooses to translate John 1:18 as:

Holy Spirit in Christianity

In most Christian churches, the Holy Spirit, or Holy Ghost, is the third person of the Trinity. The Trinity is a God made up of three persons: God the Father, God the Son, and God the Holy Spirit, who share the same qualities and essence and are therefore One God. Christians who don't believe in the Trinity have a big difference in their beliefs about the Holy Spirit.

In Christian theology, pneumatology is the study of the Holy Spirit.

Christianity came from Judaism. People who study the Bible often identify the Holy Spirit with the the Ruach Hakodesh in Jewish scripture. They think that Jesus was expanding upon these Jewish concepts. 

Christians believe that the Bible is the work of the Holy Spirit. The Holy Spirit revealed truth to the human authors. In the Old Testament the prophets were "carried along" by the Holy spirit when they wrote. Thus the scriptures are said to be "God breathed". The word for breath and spirit are the same in the Greek language. This is the language that the New Testament is written in. Christians think this means that the Holy Spirit helped the authors to write the Bible books. 

Jesus said that the Holy Spirit would "convince the world of sin, righteousness and judgement". This means that people know right from wrong, and they know that God will punish evil. This is God's way of bringing people to call on God for salvation. It is part of Divine grace.

The New Testament tells how the Holy Spirit relates to Jesus. The Gospels of Matthew and Luke and the Nicene Creed say that Jesus was "conceived by the Holy Spirit, born of the Virgin Mary". The Holy Spirit descended on Jesus like a dove during his baptism. After the Last Supper Jesus promised to send the Holy Spirit to his disciples after he went to Heaven.

The Christian Bible says that the Holy Spirit comes to live in each Christian. He produces the "fruits of the Spirit", which are love, joy, peace, long-suffering (patience), kindness, goodness, faithfulness, meekness, self-control. The Holy Spirit also gives gifts to Christians. These include the ability to preach the gospel, having strong faith, praying for people to be healed, speaking in other languages and understanding them.
Some other gifts are teaching, being kind and helping people. Christians do not all agree about these gifts. Some Christians think that the supernatural gifts no longer are given. They say they were only seen in Bible times. Others think that these miracles still happen today. 

Source:



Depending on context:



Gwendolyn Brooks

Gwendolyn Elizabeth Brooks (June 7, 1917 – December 3, 2000) was an American poet and writer. She wrote about the ordinary lives of people, often in her own African American community called Bronzeville in Chicago, Illinois. In 1950 she won the Pulitzer Prize for Poetry for her book "Annie Allen". She was the first African American winner of that prize.

Brooks was born in Topeka, Kansas. When she was still a baby, her parents moved to Chicago. She lived there for the rest of her life. Her father was a janitor. Her mother was a schoolteacher and a pianist.

She started writing poetry when she was very young. Her mother told her to send some writing to the well-known poet Langston Hughes. He wrote to her, "You have talent. Keep writing! You'll have a book published one day." Many of her early poems were printed in the "Chicago Defender", a newspaper written for African Americans in that city.

After winning the Pulitzer Prize for her poetry book "Annie Allen" in 1950, she wrote a novel called "Maud Martha" that came out in 1953. This novel tells the story of the main character's life. In the book Maud Martha "suffers prejudice not only from white people but also from lighter-skinned African Americans."

From the 1960s on, Brooks' poetry said more about the problems caused by racism in America. Her book "In the Mecca" spoke about the struggles of Black people to live in their poor neighborhoods. She wrote about the death of Malcolm X. She was active in the Black Power movement.

Brooks was named the official poet of the state of Illinois in 1968. And in 1985 she was the Consultant in Poetry to the Library of Congress. For these jobs she went many places. She went to prisons, hospitals and schools where she asked people to read poetry and to write their own poems.

She died at her home in Chicago on December 3, 2000.



Fireboy DML

Adedamola Adefolahan (born 5 February 1996), known professionally as Fireboy DML, is a Nigerian singer. He has his own record label know as YBNL Nation. 

Stella Bos

Adrie Tuinsma-Pot with stage name Stelle Bos, also known as De Onbekende Zangeres (21 September 1935 – 1 January 2022) was a Dutch singer.

The first singles of Bos were "Als de jantjes binnenvaren/ Stella Maris" and "Ik kan je niet trouwen/ Het is nog niet te laat" which appeared in 1958 under the name "Adri Tuinsma en de Gouden 5". In the 1960s she recorded 6 singles with record company Artone. In 1970 she came into contact with who started writing songs for her. In 1984, the breakthrough of Bos was with the songs "Weer ging een vriendschap kapot" and "Een keer te veel". In the 1980s, Bos ended her active singing career due to an illness. In 1991 she made a comeback with the single "Over 'n uur"', that was Dutch Top 40 for three weeks.

Bos died in Schagen on 1 January 2022, at the age of 86.

Janny Jalving

Jantje Johanna "Janny" Jalving (10 September 1923 – 6 January 2022) was a Dutch painter.

Jalving was born in Klijndijk in 1923 as the daughter of an agricultural worker. She grew up in a family of six children. From an early age she was engaged in drawing and painting. After primary school she couldn't to secondary education because her partens could't pay it. When she was sixteen years old she made her first painting. She started taking drawing courses at the age of nineteen.

Jalving mainly painted landscapes and farms. For a while she took drawing lessons with De Ploeg painter Ties Allersma in Emmen and later at the Rijks Hogere Burgerschool in Assen. She also made paintings for exhibitions and expositions. She remained active as a painter until old age. She lived in Exloo.

Jalving died in Exloo on 6 January 2022, at the age of 98. A large part of her works has been donated to the Museum Collectie Brands in Nieuw-Dordrecht and the Ellert en Brammert in Schoonoord.

Jan Fontijn

Johannes Henricus Antonius "Jan" Fontijn (9 February 1936 – 6 January 2022) was a Dutch linguist and Dutch literary historian. He was known for a large number of biographical studies of Dutch writers, including Frederik van Eeden and Jacob Israël de Haan. He was a critic for multiple newspapers.

Fontijn was married to the writer Charlotte Mutsaers. He died in Amsterdam on 6 January 2022, at the age of 85.

Mann Act

The White-Slave Traffic Act, also called the Mann Act, is a United States federal law. It was passed June 25, 1910 (ch. 395, ; "codified as amended at" ). It is named after Congressman James Robert Mann of Illinois.

The act made it illegal to bring women or girls from one state into another for the purpose of "prostitution or debauchery, or for any other immoral purpose," which means for them to have sex for money. The law was there to stop human trafficking. Most human trafficking was people taking young women from place to place for prostitution. The Mann Act was one of a group of laws about moral reform, during an era that was known as Progressive Era.

It had a problem though: the language used was often ambiguous or unclear. It was even used to make agreed sex between adults a crime. This was because people thought of sex as immoral if the two people were not married. Congress changed it twice, in 1978, and 1986, so that it would only be used for prostitution or other illegal sexual acts.

In the 19th century, in many American cities, people could only sell sex for money in some areas of the city. These were called red light districts. During that time, cities became more urbanized; also more women started to work. This meant that there would be more cases, where courtship could take place without supervision. In this environment, a concern of "white slavery" started: the fear was that women would be kidnapped and forced into prostitution. In 1847, Charles Sumner had described the Barbary slave trade. The ideas originally were from this description.

Communities started to set up vice commissions, to look how widespread local prostitution was. They also looked into questions, if the prostitutes were forced, and if cartel-type organizations ran local prostitution. These commissions also closed the brothels and the red light districts. The laws in the cities, which were liberal at first became more and more restrictive. Throughout the last few decades of the 19th century, there was more and more opposiition to an open prostution on the streets. The Federal Government responded to this with the Mann Act. The purpose of the act was to make it a crime to "transport [...], or aid to assist in obtaining transportation for" or to "persuade, induce, entice or coerce" a woman to travel. Many of the changes that occurred after 1900 were a result of tensions between social ideals and practical realities. Family form and functions changed in response to a complex set of circumstances that were the effects of economic class and ethnicity.

According to historian Mark Thomas Connelly, a group of books and pamphlets appeared announcing a startling claim: There was a conspiracy, which trapped white girls, seduced them, and forced them into prostitution, or 'white slavery'. These stories started around 1909. They often wrote about innocent girls "victimized by a huge, secret and powerful conspiracy controlled by foreigners", as they were drugged or imprisoned and forced into prostitution.

This excerpt from "The War on the White Slave Trade" was written by the United States District Attorney in Chicago:

Connelly says that these issues were real problems that had been there for a long time. The concerns simply made them bigger. These issues came from the fact that many young girls from the countryside came into the cities looking for work. Some of them became prostitutes, because they were well-paid.. A number of Vice Commission reports had drawn attention to the issue. Some people of the time questioned the idea of "abduction" and "foreign control of prostitution through cartels". Emma Goldman was a noted radical and feminist. She asked "What is really the cause of the trade in women? Not merely white women, but yellow and black women as well. Exploitation, of course; the merciless Moloch of capitalism that fattens on underpaid labor, thus driving thousands of women and girls into prostitution. With Mrs. Warren these girls feel, 'Why waste your life working for a few shillings a week in a scullery, eighteen hours a day?' ... Whether our reformers admit it or not, the economic and social inferiority of woman is responsible for prostitution." While prostitution was widespread, contemporary studies by local vice commissions indicate that it was "overwhelmingly locally organized without any large business structure, and willingly engaged in by the prostitutes."

Suffrage activists, especially Harriet Burton Laidlaw and Rose Livingston, took up the concerns. They worked in New York City's Chinatown and in other cities to rescue young white and Chinese girls from forced prostitution, and helped pass the Mann Act to make interstate sex trafficking a federal crime. Livingston publicly discussed her past as a prostitute and made the claim that she was abducted and developed a drug problem as a sex slave in a Chinese man's home, narrowly escaped, and experienced a Christian conversion. Although her claim was unsupported by evidence, her story exemplified the stereotypes used to pass the Mann Act—fear of foreigners, especially Chinese men; abduction and drugging in order to be raped and enslaved; a narrow escape; and salvation through Christian conversion. Other groups like the Woman's Christian Temperance Union and Hull House focused on children of prostitutes and poverty in community life while trying to pass protective legislation. The American Purity Alliance also supported the Mann Act.


Deryck Ferrier

Deryck John Henri Ferrier (20 July 1933 – 7 January 2022) was a Surinamese sociologist and agricultural economist.

Ferrier became in 1971 general director of the (Ceswo). He was best known as a social science researcher of Surinamese society. He was also the author of literary work.

Ferrier died in Paramaribo on 7 January 2022, at the age of 88.

Harry Maguire

Jacob Harry Maguire (born 5 March 1993) is an English football player. He plays as a centre-back for Manchester United and the England national team.

Hull City

Manchester United

England

Individual

Arauca, Arauca

Arauca is a city in Colombia. It is the capital of Arauca Department.

San Pietro Val Lemina

San Pietro Val Lemina is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Piedmont region in Italy.

San Ponso

San Ponso is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Noyelles-sur-Sambre

Noyelles-sur-Sambre is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 271 people lived there.


Pneumatology

In Christian theology, Pneumatology is the study of the person of the Holy Spirit, and the works of the Holy Spirit. The category of the study of the works of the Holy Spirit also includes Christian teachings on new birth, spiritual gifts (charismata), Spirit-baptism, sanctification, the inspiration of prophets, and the permanent presence of the Holy Trinity (which in itself covers many different aspects).

Marbaix

Marbaix is a commune. It is in the Nord department in north France.

Adri Vogels

Adrianus "Adri" Remigius Maria Vogels (31 August 1941 – 9 January 2022) was a Dutch footballer. He played with PSV Eindhoven in the 1960s.

Vogels started playing with . PSV Eindhoven bought Vogels in 1963 for the amount of 3,000 guilder. He played with PSV from 1963 to 1967. He mainly played for the second team, but was a permanent reserve player for the main team. He played for the main team in two matches. In 1967 he moved back to the first team of VV SBC. When he was 34 years old he had a meniscus injury. After the injury he only played for the fifth team. After his playing career, he became youth coach and trainer of the first team of VV SBC.

Vogels was married and had two sons. He died in Eindhoven on 9 January 2022, at the age of 80.

Gouzeaucourt

Gouzeaucourt is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 1,475 people lived there.


La Gorgue

La Gorgue is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 5,639 people lived there.


Gonnelieu

Gonnelieu is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 302 people lived there.


Inveruno

Inveruno is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Milan in the Lombardy region in Italy.

Grand-Fort-Philippe

Grand-Fort-Philippe is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 5,130 people lived there.


Grand-Fayt

Grand-Fayt is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 482 people lived there.


Petit-Fayt

Petit-Fayt is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 310 people lived there.


Pitgam

Pitgam is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 973 people lived there.


La Groise

La Groise is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 482 people lived there.


Gruson

Gruson is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 1,267 people lived there.


Guesnain

Guesnain is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 4,689 people lived there.


Gussignies

Gussignies is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 332 people lived there.


Hallennes-lez-Haubourdin

Hallennes-lez-Haubourdin is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 4,676 people lived there.


Tunja

Tunja is a city in Colombia. It is the capital of Boyacá Department.

Lambres-lez-Douai

Lambres-lez-Douai is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 5,007 people lived there.


Lecelles

Lecelles is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 2,847 people lived there.


Wemaers-Cappel

Wemaers-Cappel is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 254 people lived there.


Haussy

Haussy is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 1,521 people lived there.


Neuville-en-Avesnois

Neuville-en-Avesnois is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 302 people lived there.


Lesdain

Lesdain is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 435 people lived there.


Haut-Lieu

Haut-Lieu is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 394 people lived there.


Marlèn Nolta

Marlèn Nolta (30 June 1955 – 11 January 2022) was a Dutch illustrator and drawer.

Nolta studied at the Gerrit Rietveld Academie and . In 1981 an exhibition was held including sepia drawings of Nolta. She became in the 1980s a succesfull cartoonist for national newspapers and magazines, including "NRC Handelsblad", "Elsevier" and "Het Parool". She made cartoons for the news item, with a few catchy words. She also drew book covers. Nolta also made own work. Nolta became a bookseller at "Boekhandel van Pampus" in Amsterdam.

Nolta died in Amsterdam on 11 January 2022, at the age of 66.


Hautmont

Hautmont is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 14,517 people lived there.

On 3 August 2008, a strong F4 tornado swept through the town. The tornado killed 3 people and injured 17 others.


Haverskerque

Haverskerque is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 1,413 people lived there.


Hélesmes

Hélesmes is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 1,979 people lived there.


Neuville-sur-Escaut

Neuville-sur-Escaut is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 2,688 people lived there.


Hérin

Hérin is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 4,127 people lived there.


Hem-Lenglet

Hem-Lenglet is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 548 people lived there.


Taylor Louderman

Taylor Elizabeth Louderman (born December 21, 1990) is an American actress, singer and dancer. She is best known for the role of Regina George in the Broadway musical "Mean Girls". She was nominated for the Tony Award for Best Actress in a Musical in 2018 for her role in "Mean Girls". She is also a voice actress who voices Blair in the Nick Jr. series "Sunny Day".

Hergnies

Hergnies is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 4,433 people lived there.


Chaka Demus and Pliers

Chaka Demus and Pliers are a Jamaican reggae duo made up of deejay Chaka Demus (born John Taylor) and singer Pliers (born Everton Bonner), both famous for their hits "Tease Me" and "Murder She Wrote". As a duo, they both enjoyed more fans in the early 90s rather than their previous separate careers.

An Innocent Man

An Innocent Man is the ninth studio album by Billy Joel and released on 8 August, 1983 through Columbia Records. It is a concept album and is a tribute to American popular music in Joel's life. It went to number 1 in New Zealand, number 2 in the United Kingdom, number 3 in Australia, Iceland and Japan, number 4 in the United States and number 9 in Norway. It was nominated for 2 Grammy Awards. 

All songs by Billy Joel, except for the chorus for "This Night," which is credited on the sleeve to L. v. Beethoven.

The track listing on the LP is slightly different from that on the cassette and original CD pressings, with the latter swapping the places of "The Longest Time" and "Uptown Girl." However, on the actual cassette shell and disc label, the songs are listed (and play) in the correct order as printed on the LP.

Looberghe

Looberghe is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 1,190 people lived there.


Herlies

Herlies is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 2,393 people lived there.


Herzeele

Herzeele is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 1,649 people lived there.


Houplines

Houplines is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 7,782 people lived there.


Bob Jongen

Bob Jongen (14 May 1927 – 1 January 2023) was a German-born Dutch footballer, who played as a striker.
Jongen was born in Aachen, Germany, but grew up in the Dutch town of Kerkrade. He played with Roda JC, Alemannia Aachen, Fortuna 54 and Roda Sport. During his time in Aachen, he also obtained his training diploma at the Sports College in Cologne. After his career he was a scout and referee supervisor at Roda JC. He also owned a hotel and dance hall "Le Caveau" in Geleen.

In 2018, Jongen told his story in the program "Lex ontmoet…" at RTV Parkstad.

Jongen died on 1 January 2023, at the age of 95.


The Gregory Brothers

The Gregory Brothers are an American musical quartet, specializing in comedy music and pitch correction through their YouTube channel Schomoyoho (). There was success with their songs 'Chrissy Wake Up' and 'It's Corn' in the summer of 2022. Because of that, NPR reported that they "are responsible for some of the biggest viral songs of the past decade."

They are best known for their creation of musical viral videos. The most notable is their "Winning" song that won a 2012 Comedy Award. They have a Songify the News series (Formerly known as Auto-tune the News). They are also notable for their song "Bed Intruder Song". The "Bed Intruder Song" gained over 141 million views on YouTube and also reached the US Billboard Hot 100.

Miklos Perlus

Miklos Perlus (born March 23, 1977) is a Canadian actor, writer, and story editor. Perlus has appeared on Canadian series "Student Bodies", "Road to Avonlea" and "Sidekick". He has written for "" and other series. He has also worked in television program development for several organizations.

Kentucky Writers Hall of Fame

The Kentucky Writers Hall of Fame began in 2013. It is a group of very good writers who have strong connections to the state of Kentucky. To become a member a writer needs to have published works. Those works must be of lasting importance. The selected writers do not need to be born in Kentucky, but they should have a special relation to the state.

A person can be suggested for the Hall of Fame by anyone. Final decisions are made by a committee of the Carnegie Center for Literacy and Learning and the Kentucky Arts Council.

For the first two years of the group, new members were already deceased. But in 2015, Wendell Berry became the first lving member to be included. Other liviing members have been added since then.

Some famous members of the Hall of Fame are Robert Penn Warren, Thomas Merton, Jean Ritchie, Hunter S. Thompson, Harlan Hubbard, bell hooks, Sam Shepard, and Barbara Kingsolver.

Kevin Frank

Kevin Walter Frank (born January 13, 1957) is a Canadian actor, director, television host and writer. He is best known as the host of television game shows "The Next Line", "Kidstreet" and "Pet Project".

Catherine Disher

Catherine Disher is a British-born Canadian actress. She has won two Gemini Awards: in 2005 for Best Actress for her role in the Canadian mini-series "Snakes and Ladders", and in 2010 for her role in "The Border". She was also nominated for her role as Dr. Natalie Lambert in the "Forever Knight" TV series.

She is known for her role as Jill Valentine in "" video game and in the "Good Witch" TV series and movies, portraying Martha Tinsdale, the mayor of Middleton.

Ian LeFeuvre

Ian LeFeuvre is a Canadian musician, record producer and songwriter.

Flowers and Trees

Flowers and Trees is a 1932 Walt Disney cartoon which won the first ever Academy Award for Best Animated Short Film.

Supreme Leader of Afghanistan

The supreme leader of the Islamic Emirate of Afghanistan, or simply known as the supreme leader of Afghanistan is the head of state and head of government of Afghanistan. The leader is also the commander-in-chief of the Afghan Armed Forces.

Hitbatullah Akhundzada is the second and current supreme leader of Afghanistan, in office since August 15, 2021.

Doug Wimbish

Douglas Arthur Wimbish (born September 22, 1956) is an American musician. He is best known for playing the bass guitar for Living Colour and Tackhead. He has also been a session musician for many musicians, such as the Rolling Stones, Mick Jagger, Depeche Mode, James Brown, and Grandmaster Flash and the Furious Five. Wimbish has also made drum and bass music. He has made two drum and bass bands: Jungle Funk and Head Fake.

Wimbish was born in Hartford, Connecticut. The first instrument he played was the mandolin. He started playing the guitar when he was 12 years old. He stopped playing the guitar, and started playing the bass guitar. In 1979, he joined Sugarhill Records. He was a member of Sugarhill's rhythm section. Wimbish played music for many popular songs when he was in the rhythm section. In 1984, he went to London with Skip McDonald and Keith LeBlanc. McDonald played the guitar, and LeBlanc played the drums. The three of them made Tackhead. Tackhead was a hip-hop group.

In the 1990s, the Rolling Stones needed somebody to play the bass guitar. This was because their bass player, Bill Wyman, died. Wimbish played the bass guitar for them. He did not stay in the band, because Darryl Jones started playing the bass for them instead. Wimbish played the bass for "Bridges to Babylon", a Rolling Stones album.

In 1992, Wimbish joined Living Colour. This was because Muzz Skillings left the band. He helped make their third album, "Stain". Living Colour stopped making music in 1995. Wimbish started playing music with Skip McDonald again.

Wimbish made a drum and bass group named Jungle Funk in 1999. He made it with Will Calhoun and Vinx. Calhoun was the drummer for Living Colour. Later, Wimbish and Calhoun made another drum and bass group. It was named Head Fake. 

Wimbish made two albums by himself. These albums were named "Trippy Notes for Bass" (1999) and "CinemaSonic" (2008). In 2009, Living Colour made an album named "The Chair in the Doorway". They went on a concert tour for it.

Edith Pearlman

Edith Ann Pearlman ("née" Grossman; June 26, 1936 – January 1, 2023) was an American short story writer. Her short stories include "Binocular Vision" and "Honeydrew". "Binocular Vision" won her a National Book Critics Circle Award in 2012. Some of her writings have featured in print media such as "The New York Times", "The Atlantic Monthly", "Smithsonian Magazine", "Preservation" and "Ploughshares". 

Pearlman was born in Providence, Rhode Island. She grew up in a middle-class Jewish neighborhood. She lived in Brookline, Massachusetts, with her husband. She had two children.

Pearlman died in Brookline on January 1, 2023, at the age of 86.

Gangsta Boo

Lola Chantrelle Mitchell (August 7, 1979 – January 1, 2023), better known as Gangsta Boo, was an American rapper. She was born in Memphis, Tennessee. She was the second female member (after K-9) of the Memphis-based hip hop group Three 6 Mafia. She left the group and label in 2002. Her three solo albums were "Enquiring Minds" (1998), "Both Worlds *69" (2001) and "" (2003). She worked with artists including La Chat, Yelawolf, Eminem, Latto, GloRilla and Run the Jewels.

Gangsta Boo died in Memphis on January 1, 2023, at the age of 43.

Bowmans Addition, Maryland

Bowmans Addition is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Allegany County, Maryland, United States.

Carlos, Maryland

Carlos is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Allegany County, Maryland, United States.

Johann Buzek

Johann Buzek (born 22 May 1938 in Wien) is a former Austrian football forward. He played for different clubs in Austria and the Austrian national football team.

He is a goldsmith by profession. Buzek started his career in the youth ranks of Vienna. He stayed with them for 13 years. He also played for the other big capital teams Austria Wien, Wiener Sport-Club and Rapid Wien. In 1969/1970 he got relegated with Dornbirn. 1956 (with Vienna) and 1956 and 1966 ( with Austria Wien) he became top scorer of the league. After finishing his playing career with Austria Klagenfurt he became a full-time goldsmith in Baden bei Wien.

He made his debut for Austria in an October 1955 match against Yugoslavia and earned a total of 42 caps, scoring 9 goals. At his debut he was 17 years und 161 days old and was the youngest team player till then. He was a participant at the 1958 FIFA World Cup.
From 1973 till 1977 he was coach of Badener AC.


Milkfish

The milkfish ("Chanos chanos") is the sole living species in the family Chanidae. In the Philippines, it is also known as bangus. It is the national fish of that place. The tautonym is from Greek "khanos". 

It has nicknames like bandeng, chanos, truck, common chanos, Philippine milkfish, monkey, sea tarsier, gorillafish, gorilla fish, or butterfly kingfish. Except for Philippine milkfish, these nicknames are not the case in the Philippines, so in that place, it is called bangus or Philippine milkfish. 

The first recorded use of "Philippine milkfish" as a fish name in English was in 2017.

It is mistakenly called New Year chanos by other people, like Americans. This name is not canon in "Chanos chanos". 




An Arcadian Maid

An Arcadian Maid is a 1910 American silent drama movie directed by D. W. Griffith and stars Mary Pickford, Mack Sennett, and George Nichols.


Arsène Lupin contra Sherlock Holmes

Arsène Lupin contra Sherlock Holmes is a 1910 German silent drama movie directed by Viggo Larsen and stars Jessica Schwarz, Mark Waschke, and August Diehl.


Doug Baker (rugby union)

Douglas George Santley Baker (29 November 1929 – 21 December 2022) was an English rugby union player. He was a fly-half or a full-back. In 1955, he made four caps for England, and played twice for the British & Irish Lions during the tour of South Africa. He also played for Barbarian F.C. eight times between 1953 and 1957, scoring a total of 20 points for the side.

Baker was born in Las Palmas in the Canary Islands, Spain. He was schooled at Merchant Taylors' School, Northwood, and Oxford University.

After his rugby career ended, Baker moved to Australia. He was was a schoolteacher at Scotch College in Adelaide, South Australia. On 21 December 2022, he died in Sydney, New South Wales, at the age of 93.


As It Is In Life

As It Is In Life is a 1910 American silent drama movie directed by D. W. Griffith and stars George Nichols, Gladys Egan, and Mary Pickford.


An Assisted Elopement (1910 movie)

An Assisted Elopement is a 1910 American silent comedy movie.


Avenged (1910 movie)

Avenged is a 1910 American silent drama movie. It stars G.W. Abbe, Justus D. Barnes, Frank H. Crane, Irene Crane, and Marie Eline.

The Best Man Wins (1910 movie)

The Best Man Wins is a 1910 American silent drama movie. It stars Anna Rosemond, Martin Faust, and Frank H. Crane.


The Childhood of Jack Harkaway

The Childhood of Jack Harkaway is a 1910 American silent drama movie. It stars G.W. Abbe, Justus D. Barnes, Frank H. Crane, Irene Crane, and Marie Eline.

A Christmas Carol (1910 movie)

A Christmas Carol is a 1910 American silent drama movie. It stars Marc McDermott, Charles S. Ogle, and William Bechtel.


The City of Her Dreams

The City of Her Dreams is a 1910 American silent drama movie. It stars G.W. Abbe, Justus D. Barnes, Frank H. Crane, Irene Crane, and Marie Eline.

George Sylvester

George Oscar Sylvester (14 September 1898 – 26 October 1961) was a Labour Party politician in England. 

Before going into politics, Sylvester was a miner.

Paul Halla

Paul Halla (10 April 1931 in Graz – 6 December 2005 in Vienna) was an Austrian football player. He played as midfielder for Sturm Graz, Grazer AK and Rapid Wien. He also played for the Austrian national football team. With the team he was participant of the 1954- and 1958 FIFA World Cup.
Halla began his career at SK Sturm Graz as a youth player, but played for city rivals Grazer AK from 1951 to 1953 as a right midfielder. 1953 he went to Vienna to play for SK Rapid Wien. For Rapid he played 289 matches and scored 39 goals. In the 1964-65 season he was team captain. He played 346 matches for them until 1965. The last two seasons he played for SC helfort Wien.

On 23 November 1952 he debuted for the national team in a match against Portugal (1-1). His last match was on 13 June 1965 versus Hungary. he played 34 international matches and scored two goals.

Li Jisheng

Li Jisheng (1917 – 30 December 2022) was a Chinese writer, translator, editor and publisher. He worked at the . He was known as editor and reviewer of . His brother was writer Ba Jin.

Li Jisheng died in Shanghai on 30 December 2022, at the age of 105.

Guo Xiliang

Guo Xiliang (22 September 1930 – 30 December 2022) was a Chinese linguist and professor. 

Guo educated at the Hunan University, Wuhan University and Peking University. He was professor and doctoral supervisor of the at the Peking University.

Guo Xiliang died in Beijing on 30 December 2022, at the age of 92.

Dong Hongyou

Dong Hongyou (29 April 1950 – 31 December 2022) was a Chinese children's writer.

Dong studied at the Central China Normal University. He was a children's writer and member of the China Writers Association. He won the National Excellent Children's Literature Award. He served as vice chairman of and chairman of Wuhan Writers.

Dong Hongyou died in Wuhan Union Hospital on 31 December 2022, at the age of 72.

Shi Bailin

Shi Bailin (1927 – 31 December 2022) was a Chinese musician from Mengcheng County. He was composer of Huangmei opera. He was director of the Chinese Musicians' Association.

Shi Bailin died in on 31 December 2022, at the age of 95.

Slave Craton

The Slave Craton is an Archaean craton in the north-western Canadian Shield, in Northwest Territories and Nunavut.

It has some of the oldest rocks on Earth.

It has ~2.73–2.63 Ga (billion years-old) greenstones and turbidite sequences. These are the geologic deposits of a turbidity current. This type of gravity flow put vast amounts of clastic sediment into the deep ocean.

Large parts of the craton are underlain by even older gneiss and granitoid units.

The Logical Song

"The Logical Song" is a 1979 song by English rock band Supertramp. It is the leading single to their sixth studio album "Breakfast in America". It topped the single charts in Canada and it was their biggest single of 1979 in Canada. It also went to top 20 in Australia, Austria, Belgium, Germany, Ireland, Italy, the Netherlands, New Zealand, Portugal, South Africa, Spain, the United Kingdom and the United States. It was covered by German group Scooter in 2001.

Hu Fuming

Hu Fuming  (July 1935 – 2 January 2023) was a Chinese scholar and politician.

Hu was professor of the Nanjing University. He was vice chairman of the Jiangsu Provincial Committee of the Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference. He was a member of the Chinese Communist Party.

In September 1955, he studied journalism at Peking University. In 1956 he entered the Philosophy Research Class of Renmin University of China. After graduating in 1962, he taught at the Political Department of Nanjing University (later renamed the Department of Philosophy).

On 11 May 1978, his essay article "Practice is the Sole Criterion for Testing Truth" was published and was revised several times. In November 1982, Hu Fuming became the deputy director of the Propaganda Department of the CPC Jiangsu Provincial Committee.

On 18 December 2018, he was awarded the title of Pioneer of Reform.

Hu died on 2 January 2023, at the age of 87.

Practice is the Sole Criterion for Testing Truth

Practice is the Sole Criterion for Testing Truth is an article by Chinese intellectual Hu Fuming published in 1978 in the Chinese philosophy journal "Theoretical Trends." In it Fuming advocated "anti-dogmatism," and the development of new solutions to meet current economic and social problems. The article was influential within CCP inner circles, and was adopted specifically by Deng Xiaoping at the 1978 Party Plenum. While controversial in the early post-Mao era, with Deng's advocacy "Practice" became the ideological counterweight to the philosophy of Hua Guofeng's "Two Whatevers" and enabled Deng to surpass Hua in the struggle over party leadership.

Ge Cuilin

Ge Cuilin (1930 – 27 December 2022) was a Chinese children's writer and poet from Wuxi.

Ge won with multipe fairy tales the National Outstanding Children's Literature Award during the first (1980-1985), third (1992-1994) and seventh (2004-2006) awards. A puppet film was made of her fairy tale "Wild Grape" and won the 1986 Munich TV Festival Youth TV Program Award.

Ge died on 27 December 2022, at the age of 92.

Zgorzelec

After the Second World War, the German city Görlitz was divided; the River Neisse became the border. The part east of the river was in Poland. It is called Zgorzelec today. As of 2022, about 30,000 people lived in the city. About 55,000 people live in the German city Görlitz. Both Zgorzelec and Görlitz are used for both cities, so it may be necessary to add the country, to be more precise. 

Eugénie Decorne

Eugénie Decorne (died 12 August 1912) was a French swimmer in the 1900s and 1910s from Paris. She was a member of Ondine de Paris and Mouettes de Paris.

On 22 September 1907 she competed in the first breaststroke competition over 25 metres. The next year she became French national champion in the 100 metres event in a time of 2:01. In August she also the Femina race of the 6th edition of the world championships, organized by newspaper L'Auto in a time of 1:48.4. The same year she also won the 100 metres event in Joinville-le-Pont. She finished second in La Villette (60 metres) and Port Vitry (50 metres). In 1909 she became for the second time French national champion in the 100 metres event; in a time of 1:26. At the national CNP competitions she won the 50 metres event. Other prizes she won in 1909 were a second place in Abbeville (100 metres); third place in Saint-Ouen at the Mile Championship and the second prize at the "Fête de la Villette" in the 200 metre handicap event. On July 12, she took 2nd place in the 100m race at the meeting in Abbeville. On 17 July 1910 she finished second in the 100 metre event in Orléans and in 1911 she won the 50 metre event at the "fête de la Gare".

In 1912, Eugénie Decorne is still one of the most successful French swimmers. She took part in several competitions including in the where she finished eleventh overall and second in the women's classification. However in preparation of the Women's Long Distance Championship, she contracts contracted typhoid fever, an infectious disease. A few days before the competition, her condition is improving significantly, but on the night of 11 August 1912, Decorne is in bad shape. She died on 12 August 1912 in the morning as a result of her illness. On 13 August 1912, she was buried in the Saint-Ouen Cemetery.

Decorne was the daughter of swimmer Jeanne Decorne. She married to Joe Thomas Eales. She worked at the music hall of the Magic City amusement park under the name "Mademoiselle Eugenia".


Howrah Junction railway station

Howrah Junction railway station, (Station code: HWH) is the oldest and largest existing railway station in India. It is located in Howrah, West Bengal. It was founded in 1854 by contract with East India Company. It is one of the busiest train stations in the world. It has 24 platforms and serves more than one million passengers per day. The station is run by 450 are suburban local trains, and 107 long distance trains. Out of the 24 platforms, 10 are long enough to cater to trains with more than 24 coaches. Howrah is one of five intercity train stations serving the Kolkata metropolitan area (including Howrah and its twin city of Kolkata), the others being , , and Kolkata Terminus railway stations.


Vaitheeswaran Koil

Vaitheeswaran Koil is a Hindu temple in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu. The temple is dedicated to the Shiva. Shiva is worshipped as Vaidyanathar or Vaitheeswaran meaning the "God of healing". It is believed that prayers to Vaitheeswaran can cure diseases. Vaitheeswaran is a Tamil derivative from "vaidya" (Doctor) and "Ishvara" (God/Master). The temple is one of the nine Navagraha (nine planets) temples. It is associated with the planet Mars (Angaraka).

The holy waters of the Siddhamirtham tank in the temple contains nectar A holy dip is believed to cure all diseases.

Cornufer myersi

Myers' wrinkled ground frog ("Cornufer myersi") is a frog. It lives in Papua New Guinea, on Bougainville Island, which is part of the Solomon Islands.

Emma Faber

Emma Faber-Johanny (9 October 1894 - 1962) was an Austrian open water swimmer in the 1930s. In 1934 she broke the English Channel swimming record.

On 26 August 1933 faber tried to swim the English Channel from France to England. After 11 hours and 35 minutes she had to give op. Her second attempt on 8 August 1934 also failed, after 5 hours. Her third attempt on 18 August 1934 was an success. She started at Cap Gris Nez at 12.45 am and finished after 14 hours in South Foreland at 2.51 pm.

After her succesfull attempt, the public interest had waned. On her returnn in Vienna only two people besides her husband were at the station for her. She and her husband were unemployed and became in serious financial straits. In her swimming attempts from 1931 to 1934 Faber had spent all the savings of herself and her husband; about £400. Faber had hoped to obtain a post as swimming instructor, but failed. She was even not hired at a circus. These disappointments left Faber depressed. She attempted to commit suicide by taking Veronal, but was saved by her husband who returned earlier as expected. Ernst Rüdiger Starhemberg, the Vice-Chancellor, helped her and so she became a swimming instructor.

Faber died in Vienna in 1962.

Ralph Hasenhüttl

Ralph Hasenhüttl ( born 9 August 1967) is an Austrian professional football manager and former player. During his playing career, he played as a centre forward.

Born in Graz he started his career with hometown club GAK, making his first team debut in the 1985–86 season. Then he went to Austria Wien in 1989, with whom he won three successive Bundesliga titles and two Austrian Cups. His next stop was Austria Salzburg in 1994, where he won another Bundesliga title as well as an Austrian Super Cup. From 1996 on Hasenhüttl played abroad playing for Mechelen and Lierse in Belgium. Then he signed for 1. FC Köln and in 2000 moved to SpVgg Greuther Fürth. Hasenhüttl finished his career at Bayern Munich II, in the Regionalliga Süd.

Hasenhüttl played eight times for the Austria national team, scoring three goals.

Between 2004 and 2005 Hasenhüttl was a youth-team coach at SpVgg Unterhaching. In March 2007, he became caretaker manager until the appointment of Werner Lorant, under whom he worked as assistant coach. On 4 October 2007, Hasenhüttl became the new head coach. In the 2009–10 season they were less sucessful so Hasenhüttl was sacked on 22 February 2010. His final match was a 1–1 draw against Borussia Dortmund II on 21 February 2010.

In January 2011, Hasenhüttl followed Rainer Scharinger as the coach of third division VfR Aalen, Aalen was in 16th place, one point above the relegation zone. Aalen's survival in the 3. Liga earned him a year's contract extension. In the 2011–12 season Aalen finished in second place, earning automatic promotion to the 2. Bundesliga.

2012-13 the e team finished the season in ninth place, the highest of the newly promoted teams. After two-and-a-half successful years at Aalen, Hasenhüttl resigned in June 2013, when Aalen lost its main sponsor and sporting director Markus Schupp choosed an austerity programme for the following season.

In October 2013 became coach of Ingolstadt 04. In his first season, he took them from bottom of the 2. Bundesliga to tenth place. In the 2014–15 season, Hasenhüttl took Ingolstadt to the Bundesliga for the first time, finishing the season as 2. Bundesliga champions. In the 2015–16 season Ingolstadt stayed in the Bundesliga, but he did not extend his contract.

In May 2016, he became the new manager of newly promoted RB Leipzig. In his and the club's debut season in the Bundesliga Hasenhüttl led Leipzig to a second-place. The following season, the club finished sixth. He asked for termination of contract and in May 2018, he left RB Leipzig.

On 5 December 2018 he became the new manager of Southampton. He was the first Austrian to manage in the Premier League. At that time the club was one point from safety. On 27 April 2019, Southampton secured Premier League status after a 3–3 draw against Bournemouth at St Mary's. They finished the season in 16th place.

Hasenhüttl's side suffered a 9–0 home loss to Leicester City on 25 October 2019 and the joint-worst loss in Premier League history and worst on home ground. In June 2020, he signed a new contract to extend his stay at the club until 2024. Despite being in the relegation zone in early November, Southampton ended the season on a seven-game unbeaten streak to finish in 11th place, their best finish in three seasons.

Southampton ended the 2020–21 season struggling and finishing 15th. On 7 November 2022, Southampton parted company with Hasenhüttl. At the time, Southampton were in the Premier League relegation zone with 12 points after 14 games.

Austria Wien

Austria Salzburg

Lierse SK

Aalen

FC Ingolstadt 04

Individual

Frans B. Van Zaelen

Frans B. Van Zaelen (12 June 1930 – 27 December 2022) was a Belgian visual artist.

Van Zaelen was born in Muizen in 1932, where he grew up. He received in 1971 the first prize of Biesme. He had an exposition of his works in from 21 October to 2 November at the “V.T.B. - Hendrik de Braekeleergalerie' in Antwerp. However, his works of art received little recognition in his home city, but received recognition in France. Between 1980 and 2010 he lived intermittently in Vaison-la Romaine, France. He received the "Gold Medal of the French Republic". In 2012 he had a traffic accident where he was hit by a truck. Due to the accident, he was not able to make new works of art. He transferred his works and his home to a self-named foundation to help new artists and poor families.

The last years of his life he lived at the residential care center Damiaan in Tremelo. He died there on 27 December 2022, at the age of 92.

Grandmaster Flash and the Furious Five

Grandmaster Flash and the Furious Five were an American hip hop group. The group was made in New York City in 1978. The group's members were Grandmaster Flash, Melle Mel, Kidd Creole, Keef Cowboy, Scorpio, and Rahiem. The group did many things that were important for hip hop music. They used turntables and political lyrics in their music. They were one of the first groups to do this. 

In 1980, the group joined Sugar Hill Records. This was a record label. Sugar Hill helped the group become more popular. Their first popular song was "Freedom". They made their first album in 1982. It was named "The Message". It made the group very popular. The music on the album was about political and social problems. It helped make conscious hip-hop more popular.

Grandmaster Flash and the Furious Five broke up in 1983. The members made two different hip hop groups. They came back together in 1987, and made another album. This album was named "On the Strength". After they made the album, they stopped making music. Some of the members made Grandmaster's Furious Five after the original group ended. Melle Mel changed his stage name to Grandmaster Melle Mel.

The group was put in the Rock & Roll Hall of Fame in 2007. They were the first hip hop group in the Hall of Fame. They have influenced many other hip hop musicians. "Rolling Stone" said "The Message" was one of the greatest songs ever made.

Het Laatste Nieuws

Het Laatste Nieuws (; in English "The Latest News") is a Dutch-language newspaper.It is based in Antwerp, Belgium. It was founded by Julius Hoste Sr. on 7 June 1888. It is now part of DPG Media. The newspaper is the most popular newspaper in Flanders and Belgium.

The liberal Julius Hoste Sr. founded the newspaper on 7 June 1888 five days before the Belgian elections. With the newspaper he wanted to support the Liberal Party in the elections. He also wanted to support the Flemish movement in Brussels, a city which was dominated by francophone bourgeois ("Franskiljons"). The newspaper supported the cause of the "Gelijkheidswet" (E: equality law between French and Flemish in Belgium), the rescue of the "Koninklijke Vlaamse Schouwburg" (KVS) (E: Royal Flemish Theatre) in Brussels and the election of the first Flemish, liberal, Ghent municipal governing board in 1907.

The newspaper has liberal views. Generally it wants to support the Flemish movement, with a minimal focus on French speaking people. These characteristics were very important in the new daily, just like its anti-clericalism. In 1897, Flor Burton founded the newspaper "De Nieuwe Gazet" in Antwerp, with a substantially similar editorial policy.

When Julius Hoste Sr. died, his son, Julius Hoste Jr., took over the responsibility. He moderated the confrontational style favored by his father, but changed it to a softer, and more formal tone. He also included more regional news, and expanded the sports section to reach an even wider public.

When World War II broke out, Julius Hoste Jr. fled to the United Kingdom. His newspaper was still published under Nazi control. During this period "The Adventures of Tintin" was in the newspaper. Stories included "Tintin in the Congo", "Tintin in America", "The Broken Ear", "The Shooting Star", and "The Secret of the Unicorn".

After the war Julius Hoste Jr. again took control, but the business needed to be rebuilt. He shared day-to-day management with Albert Maertens, who would follow him, after Hoste suddenly died. His heirs wanted to create a foundation, to preserve the newspaper.

In the period of 1995-96 "Het Laatste Nieuws" had a circulation of 303,993 copies. The circulation of the paper was 287,000 copies in 2001. It was 341,257 copies in 2002. In 2003 its circulation was 294,000 copies, making it the best selling newspaper in Belgium.

In 2009 "Het Laatste Nieuws" had a circulation of 287,162 copies. The approximate circulation of the paper was 370,000 copies in 2010.



Grenz-Echo

Grenz-Echo is the only German-language newspaper published in Belgium. It was first published in 1929. It is published in Eupen, in the German-speaking part of Belgium. It has a circulation of about 12.000 copies.

L'Écho

L'Écho is a newspaper published in Bruxelles. It is published in French, and was foused on business, at first. It is mainly circulated in Bruxellles and in Wallonia. It has a circulation of about 270.000.

Gerard Schuurman

Gerard Schuurman (20 October 1940 – 28 December 2022) was a Dutch footballer who played as a defender. He played with FC Den Bosch in the Eredivisie where he became in 1972 the first person to receive a red card after its introduction.

Schuurman was born in 1940 in Geldermalsen. He played football in Geldermalsen with . He became a professional football player in 1961 when he signed a contract with . From 1965 he played seven seasons with FC Den Bosch. In this period he played for the team 161 matches in the Eerste Divisie and Eredivisie. Schuurman was known as a rough defender. In 1971, due to kicking in a match against Volendam, he was suspended for two games and fined. On 16 September 1972, Schuurman became the first footballer who received a red card in the Eredivisie, after the introcudtion of red cards. That happened in a match against PSV Eindhoven in Eindhoven. After he left FC Den Bosch in 1974 he still played with OJC Rosmalen and in Den Bosch. He had to end his football career after he broke his leg in a match.

Schuurman died in his hometown Rosmalen on 28 December 2022, at the age of 82.

Jeanne Decorne

Jeanne Decorne was a French swimmer and swimming administrator in the 1900s and 1910s from Alfortville. 

She was a member of Ondine de Paris and later of Sirènes, where she also was the president. In 1908, she joined Mouettes de Paris where she became the vice-president. She also represented the sports club of Postes, Télégraphes et Téléphones.

Her first swimming competitions were in 1907. The next year she won several swimming competitions, including at the second day of the world championships the 100 metres event in a time of 1:48.6. In the 100 metres event at the national championships she finished second behind her daughter Eugénie Decorne. Over the next years she also won several swimming competitions, including the women's category at the 1912 and 1913 open water swimming race.
During the national championships in June 1913 she experimented with a device to remain under water. She was able to remain for over 5 minutes under water. At national championships in August 1913 she won the bronze medal in the 500 metres event. Later, on 24 August, she was able to stay for 18 minutes and 34 seconds under water with a Fernez and Lavegade device during an aquatics festival in Alençon. She participated at , a main open water event, in 1917, 1918 and 1919. In the summmer of 1919 she was training to cross the English Channel. She swam her last swimming competitions in July 1919, winning the 100 metre event at a swimming competition in Calais and competed at the .

Decorne was married. Her daughter was swimmer Eugénie Decorne, who died during her career from typhoid fever. She worked for the Postes, Télégraphes et Téléphones. In August 1918 she was the first woman to operate the airmail service between Paris and London.


DC Studios

DC Studios, formerly named DC Films, is an American film and television studio that is a division of Warner Bros. that oversees the production of films based on intellectual property owned by DC Entertainment, a subsidiary of Warner Bros. that manages its DC Comics units and characters in other units. DC Studios has produced every DC Extended Universe film since "Suicide Squad" (2016).

Since August 2022, Walter Hamada agreed to stay as DC Films president until after the release of "Black Adam", a search for new leadership is currently ongoing  On October 19, 2022. Walter Hamada has left the company.

From June to October 2022, Michael De Luca and Pam Abdy are Interim presidents for DC Films. On October 25, 2022, James Gunn and Peter Safran were confirmed as the new bosses of DC Studios. The pair assumed office on November 1st.

DC Films previously existed as a production banner within Warner Bros., but was reorganized to be a formal division after "" underperformed at the box office and garnered negative reception from audiences and critics alike. The division was created under Warner Bros. executive vice president Jon Berg and DC Comics chief content officer Geoff Johns. This was done at the time to compete more directly with it's popular rival, the Marvel Cinematic Universe.

Due to the underperformance and negative reception of "Justice League", both critically and commercially, Warner Bros. announced a new strategy and organization of DC Films would occur, with Geoff Johns and Jon Berg stepping down as co-chairmen of DC Films and co-runners of DC Extended Universe.

In January 2018, it was announced that Warner Bros. executive Walter Hamada will be the new president of DC Films, and will oversee all future DCEU projects. In February 2018, Chantal Nong Vo was announced to be the vice president of production for DC Films.

On April 5, 2022, Warner Bros. Discovery announced to reshape DC Entertainment and its film division, Newcomer president David Zaslav annouced that he was looking for a "Kevin Feige" type figure to lead DC Films., On August 5, 2022, shortly after "Batgirl" cancellation, then president Walter Hamada was deeply upset of the cancellation and threatened to resign, however Hamada agreed to stay on until the release of "Black Adam", Hamada is set to leave DC Films on October 21, 2022. Hamada left two days eariler on October 19, 2022.

On October 25, 2022, James Gunn and Peter Safran were announced as the new executives of the newly rebranded name "DC Studios".








Our Lips Are Sealed

"Our Lips Are Sealed" is a 1981 debut single by American new wave The Go-Go's. It is from their debut studio album "Beauty and the Beat". It went to number 2 in Australia, number 3 in Canada, number 14 in Sweden, number 20 in the United States, number 23 in New Zealand and number 47 in the United Kingdom. It went on be covered by Fun Boy Three and Hilary Duff.

Lördagsgodis

Lördagsgodis () is a Swedish tradition of children eating sweets (candy) on a Saturday. 

The tradition started as a health recommendation in the 1950s following the government-funded , where patients of Vipeholm Hospital for the intellectually disabled in Lund, Sweden, were unknowingly fed large amounts of sweets see if a high-sugar diet would make their teeth decay. 

Only Wanna Be with You

"Only Wanna Be with You" is a 1995 song by Hootie & the Blowfish. It is from their debut studio album "Cracked Rear View". It topped the single charts in Canada. It also went to top 40 in Australia, Iceland, El Salvador, New Zealand and the United States. It was covered by Post Malone in 2021.

Louise Charel

Louise Charel (born 1880) was a French swimmer, swimming administrator and swimming coach in the early 20th-century from Lyon.

Chatel was a member of Cercle Amical des Nageuses. Her best achievement as a swimmer was winning the women's category of in 1909. At Cercle Amical des Nageuses she served as secretary in 1908, as the treasurer between 1909 and 1926 and became the president between 1926 and World War II. She was also an swimming instructor. She used an alarm clock to time the swimmers.

Charel was born in 1880. She lived in Lyon at "rue de la Tunisie" in the 1st arrondissement of Lyon. She worked as a laundress and later as an ironer in 1909. She married in 1930 to M. Jean. In 1932 she movd to "rue Major-Martin".

L. Kirchner

L. Kirchner was a British swimmer and diver in the early 20th-century from London. She was one of the earliest British female international swimmers. Footman was a member of the Battersea Swimming Club and was trained by professor Barrows.

As of 1907 Kirchner Footman had 22 swimming victories. However her specialty was diving, winning for instance the Ealing Open Diving Competition. She competed at the 1907 international Ondine de Paris aquatics competitions in Paris, France. The first international women's aquatics competition in France. Kirchner finished second in the diving event, together with Frenchwoman Marie Baron. In the international 200 metre swimming event she finished fifth. She also competed in the international 60 metre handicap style race.

Teeth (song)

"Teeth" is a industrial/grunge/rock song by Australian pop rock band 5 Seconds of Summer. It was released on August 21, 2019. It is from their fourth studio album, Calm. It is also on the soundtrack of the third season of the Netflix series 13 Reasons Why.

At the APRA 2020 Music Awards, "Teeth" was nominated for Song of the Year. It also won Song of the Year at 2020 APRA Music Awards.

Bed of Lies

"Bed of Lies" is a pop/hip hop song by Nicki Minaj. It features Skylar Grey on the song's chorus. It was released on November 16, 2014. It is from Minaj's third studio album, "The Pinkprint". The song's lyrics touch upon themes of "heartfelt litany of grievances" about an ex-lover.

Quit Playing Games (with My Heart)

Quit Playing Games (with My Heart) is a Pop/R&B song by American boy band Backstreet Boys. It was released in October 1996. It was also recorded in 1995. It is from their debut international studio album. It was also later released on their debut US studio album. It reached number 1 in Austria, Czechia, Germany, Lithuania and Switzerland. It also reached number 2 in the United Kingdom and the United States' "Billboard" Hot 100. Also, it reached number 7 in the Netherlands. Because of this song reaching number 2 on the Billboard Hot 100, it makes it their most successful on that billboard. It also sold 2 million copies in the US.

Super Bowl LVII

Super Bowl LVII was the 57th Super Bowl. (also known as the Kelce Bowl since Jason Kelce of the Philadelphia Eagles and Travis Kelce both participated in the event.)It was the final game of the 2022 NFL season and the end of the 2022–23 NFL playoffs. It was played between the National Football Conference (NFC) champions Philadelphia Eagles and the American Football Conference (AFC) champions Kansas City Chiefs. The game was played on February 12, 2023, at State Farm Stadium in Glendale, Arizona. The Kansas City Chiefs beat the Philadelphia Eagles, 38–35.

Rihanna performed in the Super Bowl LVII halftime show on February 12, 2023. Rihanna’s halftime show reached a total of 118.7 million viewers. 

2022–23 NFL playoffs

The National Football League playoffs for the 2022 season are going to begin on January 14, 2023, and will end with Super Bowl LVII on February 12 at State Farm Stadium in Glendale, Arizona.

As of the end of the 4pm Week 18 Sunday games, the following teams have qualified for the playoffs:



2019 NFL season

The 2019 NFL season was the 100th season of the National Football League (NFL). The season ended with Kansas City Chiefs defeating the San Francisco 49ers in Super Bowl LIV at Hard Rock Stadium in Miami Gardens, Florida, on February 2, 2020.

2022 Tampa Bay Buccaneers season

The 2022 season is the Tampa Bay Buccaneers' 47th season in the National Football League (NFL) and their first under head coach Todd Bowles. It was the final year that Tom Brady played football for this team as he retired in the offseason.


The Conspiracy of Pontiac

The Conspiracy of Pontiac is a 1910 American silent drama movie directed by Sidney Olcott and stars Gene Gauntier, Robert G. Vignola, and Jack J. Clark.


The Converted Deacon

The Converted Deacon is a 1910 American silent drama movie. It stars Anna Rosemond, Frank H. Crane, and Violet Heming.

The Convict (1910 movie)

The Convict is a 1910 American silent comedy movie. It stars Marie Eline.

Cupid at the Circus

Cupid at the Circus is a 1910 American silent drama movie. It stars Frank H. Crane and Anna Rosemond.

Daddy's Double

Daddy's Double is a 1910 American silent drama movie directed by Lloyd B. Carleton and stars Frank H. Crane, Fred Santley, and Isabelle Daintry. 


A Dainty Politician

A Dainty Politician is a 1910 American silent drama movie. It stars Anna Rosemond and Frank H. Crane.

A Daughter of Dixie

A Daughter of Dixie is a 1910 American silent drama movie directed by Sidney Olcott. and stars Gene Gauntier.


Delightful Dolly

Delightful Dolly is a 1910 American silent comedy movie. It stars Marie Eline, G.W. Abbe, Justus D. Barnes, and Frank H. Crane.


The Doctor's Carriage

The Doctor's Carriage is a 1910 American silent drama movie. It stars Marie Eline.

Indian Railway Catering and Tourism Corporation

Indian Railway Catering and Tourism Corporation (IRCTC) is an Indian public sector undertaking company. It provides ticketing, catering, and tourism services for the Indian Railways. The IRCTC was put up on 27 September 1999. It was originally and completely owned by the Government of India. It was operated under the administrative control of the Ministry of Railways. Later it has been listed on the National Stock Exchange since 2019, after the Government reduced the percentage of the ownership to the company itself.

It began with online rail ticket booking through its website and also from the mobile phones through Wi-Fi, GPRS or SMS. It also provides SMS facility to send PNR status and Live Train Status to the passengers. Along with e-tickets, IRCTC also provides I-tickets that are basically like regular tickets. But they are booked online and delivered by post. 

IRCTC brought at long or medium distance trains which serves to passengers by giving freshly cooked food. IRCTC has exclusive rights for onboard catering of food on all trains operated by the Indian Railways. It also operates food plazas, cafeterias and refreshment rooms at various railway stations.

Dining car

A dining car (American English) or a restaurant car (British English), also known as diner, is a railroad passenger car. It is a place that provide meals to the passengers like sit-down restaurant.

In the setups, one end of the car contains a kitchen with a long walkway between seats next to it, and the other end has table or booth seating on either side of a center of it.



Andy Taylor (guitarist)

Andrew Arthur Taylor (born 16 February 1961) is an English guitarist, songwriter and record producer. He is a former member of both Duran Duran and the Power Station. His career began in 1980 and he retired in 2006. He returned to making music in 2019.

He had worked with many bands and singers such as Robert Palmer, Rod Stewart, the Almighty, Thunder, Love and Money, Mark Shaw, Then Jerico, C. C. Catch, Paul Rodgers (with The Law), Belinda Carlisle and Gun.

In 1982, he married Tracey Wilson. He was born in Tynemouth, Northumberland. In 2022, it was announced that Taylor had stage-4 prostate cancer.

Headway

Headway is the distance or duration between vehicles in a transit system measured in space or time. The "minimum headway" is the shortest such distance or time got by a system without a reducing the speed of vehicles. The exact meaning depends on the application, but it is most commonly measured as the distance from the tip (front end) of one vehicle to the tip of the next one behind it. It can be shown as the distance between vehicles, or as time it will take for the drifting vehicle to cover that distance. A "shorter" headway marks closer space between the vehicles.

Doctor! Doctor!

"Doctor! Doctor!" is a 1984 song by British pop group Thompson Twins and is the second single to their fourth studio album "Into the Gap". It went to number 3 in the United Kingdom, number 5 in Ireland, number 11 in Canada, Germany, Switzerland and the United Kingdom, number 12 in New Zealand, number 13 in Poland and number 14 in Australia.



List of programmes broadcast by Nick Jr. (British and Irish TV channel)

This is a list of programming which has aired on the British TV channel Nick Jr.







François Geindre

François Geindre (5 February 1946 – 2 January 2023) was a French politician for the Socialist Party. He served as mayor of Hérouville-Saint-Clair from 1971 to 2001. He was born in Meurthe-et-Moselle.

Geindre died on 2 January 2023 in Caen. He was 76.

ROYGBIV

ROYGBIV is an acronym for the sequence of hues commonly described as making up a rainbow. This acronym means red, orange, yellow, green, blue, indigo, and violet.

In the Renaissance, several artists tried to establish a sequence of up to seven primary colors from which all other colors could be mixed. In line with this artistic tradition, Isaac Newton divided his color circle, which he constructed to explain additive color mixing, into seven colors. Originally he used only five colors, but later he added orange and indigo to match the number of musical notes in the major scale. This color sequence in reverse is called the mnemonic "vibgyor".


Damar Hamlin

Damar Romeyelle Hamlin (born March 24, 1998) is an American football player. He plays as a safety for the Buffalo Bills.

He grew up in McKess Rocks, Pennsylvania. He studied at Central Catholic High School in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. He played basketball and football. 

Hamlin went to the University of Pittsburgh in 2016. He played college football for the Pittsburgh Panthers.

The Buffalo Bills chose Hamlin to play with them in the 2021 NFL draft. He became a safety in 2022.

On January 2, 2023, during a game Monday Night Football against the Cincinnati Bengals, Hamlin collapsed after tackling Tee Higgins. He was given CPR for 10 minutes. An ambulance took him to University of Cincinnati Academic Health Center. He had gone into cardiac arrest.

The NFL suspended the game. At 10 p.m., the game was postponed (delayed).

Jean-Marc Maniatis

Jean-Marc Maniatis (3 March 1942 – 1 January 2023) was a French hairdresser.

When Maniatis was 17 years old he debuted as a studio hairdresser for magezines "Elle" and "Marie Claire". He opened his first salon in 1970 in the fashionable 16th arrondissement of Paris. He became the hairdresser of famous people in the 1980s and 1990s. He was the hairdress of among others actresses Sophie Marceau, Mireille d'Arc, Miu Miu, American Alain Delon, singer Prince. He created the hairstyles for the fashion shows of Karl Lagerfeld, Sonia Rykiel and Andre Courreg. He was also the hairdresser of films, including The Time to Die (1970), (1982) and Step by Step. He owned four salons in the Paris region.

Maniatis died in a hospital after a long illness in Geneva in the night of 31 December 2022 to 1 January 2023, at the age of 80.

Yvonne Jeanne

Yvonne Solange Huguette Jeanne (14 July 1910 - 22 September 1996) was a French competitive swimmer during the 1920s and 1930s. She was specialized in the breaststroke. She was national champion in the 200 metre breaststroke and was national record holder in the 500 metre breaststroke.

Jeanne started swimming with Mouettes de Paris when she was 17 years old. After permission of her parents she was trained by Domon and later by François Oppenheim. She worked as an instructor and trained among others Françoise Smith and Marguerite Martineau. Then, she moved to in 1933. She became again a member of Mouettes de Paris in 1944 where she became a board board member. In the 1950s, she was elected to the Fédération française de natation (FFNS).

Motto started swimming in 1922 and participated in school competitions between 1922 and 1928. In the early summer of 1928 she had an illness. Later in the summer of 1928 she started competing at the main competitions. In July 1928 she finished second at the championships of Paris in the 400 metre freestyle and at the national championships she finished second in the 200 metre breaststroke. Later the year in August she competed at the , a main open water race in Paris. With her team she finished in second place. In 1929 she became French national champion in the 200 metre breaststroke in a time of 3:38.4. In the following three years (1930, 1931 and 1932) she won the bronze medal in the 200 metre breaststroke at the national championships. At the national championships she became national in 1932 with her team in the medley relay event in a time of 4:29.

On 17 August 1930 she she set the world record in the 500 metre breaststroke event with a time of 9:45.4 in Paris.

Her last main swimming race was the on 2 September 1934.

Jeanne was born in the 18th arrondissement of Paris on 14 July 1910. She was the Daughter of one of the presidents of the Association Sportive de la Seine founded in 1902. She attended the Edgar Quinet school in the 14th arrondissement of Paris. She liked hockey at a young age. Her son was fencer Jacques Dimont (1968-1945) who won the gold medal at the 1968 Summer Olympics. Her son married to Olympic swimmer Danièle Dorléans.

Jeanne was secretary and later journalist in 1934 at the "Petit Parisien" and also at "Match-L'Intran", "Le Figaro", and "L'Équipe". Next to swimming she also did horse riding, table tennis and modern pentathlon.

She died on 22 September 1996 in Bayeux at the age of 86.

Kunsttijdschrift Vlaanderen

Kunsttijdschrift Vlaanderen is a Belgian cultural and litarary magazine with many illustrations. As a paper version it was published between 1952 and 2017. It started with the name West-Vlaanderen (CVKV) and from 1966 as Vlaanderen. Due to the loss of subsidies, it is only published online since 2017. There were five hard copy editions per year, and later four online publications per year. It is published in Dutch and focuses on arts, literature and general culture in Flanders.

Marceline Wurtz

Marceline Wurtz (1909 - June 1927) was a French competitive swimmer from Paris. She was a member of Mouettes de Paris.

Wurtz started swimming a at young age. Already in 1913, at the age of four, she competed in a 50 metre event of the Nouveau Cirque in Paris and in 1917 she took part in the youth 100 metre eventduring the Mouettes championships in Nogent-le-Perreux. From 16 May to 26 May she took part in major meetings of the Nouveau Cirque.

From 1919 she competed in main swimming competitions. She finished third at the 1919 championships of Paris in the 100 metre breaststroke event. In 1920 she won the women's . After competing for the first time in the in 1920, she finished second in the women's category in 1922.

Wurtz was born in 1909. Her father (born in 1875) was three times wounded in the war. Her sister was Olympic swimmer Suzanne Wurtz.

Wurtz died in June 1927 from typhoid fever at the age of 18.

Ken Block

Kenneth Paul Block (November 21, 1967 – January 2, 2023) was an American rally driver. He raced with Hoonigan Racing Division, formerly known as the Monster World Rally Team. He competed in the Rally America and Global Rallycross competitions. He was also one of the co-founders of DC Shoes. He took part in many action sports events, including skateboarding, snowboarding and motocross. Block or his Hoonigan-branded cars have featured in video game series such as "Dirt" and "Forza".

Block was born in Long Beach, California. He was married and had three children. At the time of his death, Block lived in Woodland, Utah.

On January 2, 2023, Block died in a snowmobile accident in the Mill Hollow area of Wasatch County, Utah. He was 55.


Dora Herxheimer

Dora Herxheimer with married name Heidrich (4 August 1884 - 2 July 1967) was a British swimmer and artist.

Herxheimer started swimming when she was around 10 years old in 1894 during a family vacation in St Leonards-on-Sea. She was in 1906 trained by Maurice Richard at the Solférino baths. On 15 July 1906 she took part in the second edition of the , a main open water swimming competition in Paris. After many test, she had to swim for instance six kilometre in a swimming pool, her participation was accepted. She finished 10th in a time of 4 hours and 58 miutes. She swam the entire race in breaststroke.

Herxheimer studied art as a pupil of the German arrist Georg Lührig, probably serving as a model for his work "Âge et Jeunesse". In 1906 she joined the courses of the sculptor Jacques Marqueste in Paris. She owned a studio in the 14th arrondissement of Paris at . She was specialized in sculpture of busts, animal art and female portraits. In August, she became a pupil of Auguste Rodin and meets her secretary, the Austrian poet Rainer Maria Rilke. Between 1906 and 1913 she maintained a correspondence with Rainer Maria Rilke.

Herxheimer was born in London in 1884. She moved in 1901 to Saxony in Germany and from 1905 to Berlin, Paris, Freudenstadt in the Black Forest and Czechoslovakia. She later moved to London and moved to New York in 1954.

Her father Gotthold Herxheimer (1838-1896) was a businessman and her mother was Jaffe Auguste (1853-1937). She had a sister Ella Pauline Herxheimer and a brother Walter. She married in 1911 to an Austrian agent Rudolf Heidrich. She had a daughter in 1919 named Dorethea. As a Jewish person, she had had to wear the yellow star during World War II.

Austrian Supercup

The Austrian Supercup was a football competition in Austrian football. The match was played at the start of the new Bundesliga season every year. It counted for the previous game year. The Cup was played between the champion and the cup winner. If the champion had also won the ÖFB Cup, the opponent was the cup finalist. The men's competition was held from 1986 to 2004. The Supercup for women lasted from 2001 to 2004. 

Woodland, Utah

Woodland is a census-designated place (CDP) in Summit County, Utah, United States. As of the 2020 census, the CDP had a population of 375.

Abderrahim Tounsi

Abderrahim Tounsi (27 December 1936 – 2 January 2023) was a Moroccan stage actor and comedian. He was best known for the character Abderraouf. Tounsi is considered in Morocco as one of the best stage actors. He received several awards, including being named as the best Moroccan comedian of the 20th-century in 2011.

Tounsi died in Casablanca on 2 January 2023, at the age of 86. The King of Morrocco Mohammed VI, stated that he was sad to hear about his death sent a letter of condolences to the family. He also underlined that he was "one of the pioneers of theatrical comedy in Morocco, known for his authenticity and creativity".

Zhao Qiguo

Zhao Qiguo (25 February 1930 – 3 January 2023) was a Chinese soil scientist.

Zhao studied at the Department of Agronomy at the Wuhan University in 1949, and later moved to Huazhong Agricultural University due to the changement of the department where he graduated in 1953. He was an elected member of the Chinese Academy of Sciences in 1991. He was a member of the Academic Division of Earth Sciences of the Chinese Academy of Sciences from 1991. He worked as a researcher at the Institute of Soil Science. He became the director of the Nanjing Soil Research Institute and the chairman of Soil Science Society of China.

Qiguo died in Nanjing on 3 January 2023, at the age of 92.

Toast sandwich

A toast sandwich is a type of sandwich. The filling of the sandwich is a thin slice of bread that is toasted. This piece of bread may be buttered. A recipe from 1861 says to add salt and pepper to change the taste of the sandwich.

A recipe for toast sandwiches is in the invalid cookery section of the 1861 "Book of Household Management" by Isabella Beeton. She adds, "This sandwich may be varied by adding a little pulled meat, or very fine slices of cold meat, to the toast, and in any of these forms will be found very tempting to the appetite of an invalid."

In November 2011, the toast sandwich was recreated by the Royal Society of Chemistry after the release of Beeton's "Book of Household Management". They wanted to bring back the forgotten dish. They said it cost as little as per sandwich. They named it "the country's most economical lunch". The society said they would give to anyone who could make a cheaper edible meal. Many people sent them recipes. Because of this, the offer was ended seven days later. The £200 was given to a randomly selected person.

The Right to Go Insane

"The Right to Go Insane" is a song by Megadeth. Megadeth is an American thrash metal band. It is the last song on their twelfth studio album, "Endgame". It is one of the singles from the album. The song was released as a single in 2010.

A music video was made for the song. The video was inspired by Shawn Nelson. Nelson was a veteran that stole a tank from the U.S. Army. He destroyed many things while driving it. He was killed by police officers. The video shows Dave Mustaine stealing a tank and destroying things while driving it.

The song went on Hot Mainstream Rock Tracks. This is an American music chart. Roadrunner Records tried to get the song nominated for a Grammy Award in 2011. It was not nominated for one.

Blow Me (One Last Kiss)

Blow Me (One Last Kiss) is an electropop song by American singer Pink. It was released on with promotional single from January 2010 and June 201@ we are promotional single pink stream the hit song In 2010 - 2012 just 2 1/2 years from early 2010 through mid 2012 July 2, 2012. It is from her sixth studio album, The Truth About Love. The song's lyrics are about Pink reflecting on her past relationships and life situations.

This song had positive reviews from critics. It is because they praised the production. Some have compared the song's lyrics to Kelly Clarkson's songs. Commercially, the song reached number five on the US Billboard Hot 100. It also reached the top 10 in 17 countries.

Emilio Mola

Emilio Mola Vidal (9 July 1887 – 3 June 1937) was a Spanish nationalist soldier who led the July 1936 coup against the Second Spanish Republic, which started the Spanish Civil War.

Mola was born in Placetas, Cuba, which was part of Spain at that time. His father was a Spanish army officer during the Cuban War of Independence. After the Spanish–American War, his family settled in Spain. 

In 1904, Mola joined the Toledo Infantry Academy and started his military career. By 1927, he was a brigadier general. Mola was made Director-General of Security in 1930, the last man to serve this position under King Alfonso XIII.

Mola joined a group of military officers who planned to overthrow the Second Spanish Republic in the July 1936 coup. The coup was not successful in overthrowing the Republican government and led to the start of the Spanish Civil War.

On 3 June 1937, Mola died in a plane crash. The airplane he was traveling in crashed into the side of a hill in Alcocero while he was returning to the city of Vitoria due to the poor weather.

Alpine Junction

Alpine Junction may refer to:



Altay, New York

Altay is a hamlet in Schuyler County, New York, United States. The community is on New York State Route 226. It is 1 mile east of Tyrone.

Robert C. Baker

Robert C. Baker (December 29, 1921 - March 13, 2006), was the inventor of the chicken nugget, and a member of the American Poultry Hall of Fame.

Baker got a bachelor's degree from Cornell University in 1943. His majored in pomology at the university's College of Agriculture.

Robert Baker traveled the world innovating how people eat and view chicken. Accredited to him are more than 40 poultry, turkey and cold cut innovations, making him the "Thomas Edison of poultry". In particular he found a revolutionary way to bind breading to chicken, and he co-invented the machine responsible for deboning chicken.

He spent his entire academic life at Cornell University (1957-1989), and published some 290 research papers. In 1970 he founded the university's "Institute of Food Science and Marketing".

Baker was elected a fellow of the Institute of Food Technologists in 1997.


Love Me More

"Love Me More" is a song by British singer Sam Smith. It was released on April 28, 2022. The song was announced on April 20, 2022. It is from Smith's fourth studio album, "Gloria".

The song has received positive reviews from critics. Tomás Mier of Rolling Stone described the song as a "melancholic track" that "turns into a self-empowering anthem". Rania Aniftos of Billboard called the song "empowering" and felt that Smith's "honeyed vocals ring through the pensive chorus".

Beaver Dams, New York

Beaver Dams is a hamlet in Schuyler County, New York, United States. The community is located along New York State Route 414, southwest of Watkins Glen. Beaver Dams has a post office with ZIP code 14812, which opened on August 12, 1833, and a Methodist church on Route 19.

Siege of Toulon (1793)

The siege of Toulon (29 August – 19 December 1793) was a military action that took place during the Federalist revolts of the French Revolutionary Wars. In the event, Republican forces fought against Royalist rebels supported by English and Spanish forces. The fighting took place in the southern French city of Toulon. During this siege, Napoleon Bonaparte became well known for the firs time. He was promoted when his plan to capture of fortifications above the harbour. He was credited with forcing the English and Spanish fleets to leave. The British siege of 1793 was the first time the Royal Navy was used in the French Revolution.

Feeling Myself

"Feeling Myself" is a hip-hop song by Trinidadian-American rapper Nicki Minaj. It also features American singer-songwriter Beyoncé. It was released on December 15, 2014. It was also recorded in the same year the song was released (2014). It is from Minaj's third studio album, "The Pinkprint". It was written by Minaj, SZA, Beyoncé, and Hit-Boy. It spent 20 weeks on the Billboard Hot 100 making it a world record for the longest charting non-single by a female rapper. The song's lyrics are intense, and brag about the two musicians.

The Yearling (book)

The Yearling is a novel by American writer Marjorie Kinnan Rawlings. It was published in 1938. 

It won the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction in 1939, when the award was called "Pulitzer Prize in the Novel." It was the best-selling novel in the United States in 1938. In that year it had 14 printings and sold more than 250,000 copies. It has been translated into many languages.

The book's title, "The Yearling", comes from the word for a young deer that is about one year old.

"The Yearling" tells the story of a boy named Jody Baxter. He lives in Florida in the years after the American Civil War. He is the only living child of poor parents who had six other children who died when they were very young.

One day while Jody and his father are searching for their lost farm animals, his father is bitten in the arm by a rattlesnake. Father shoots a female deer, in order to use its liver to pull out the snake's poison. Father's life is saved. But the dead deer had a fawn, a young deer. Jody's parents let him keep the young deer. The boy and the deer, named Flag, grow together closely.

These are difficult times for farm families in Florida. Jody learns about these troubles. Flag causes a problem when he eats the corn that the family is growing for their own food. Jody's father tells him to go into the woods and shoot Flag, but Jody can't do it. When Jody's mother shoots and only wounds the yearling, Jody is forced to kill Flag.

Jody leaves home in anger. He suffers from hunger, loneliness, and fear on his journey to find an old friend who lives in Boston. In the last chapter, back home with his father, he realizes that he has joined "the world o' men". He knows that the time of his boyhood is over.

A film was made of the book and was released to theaters in 1946. Gregory Peck played Jody's father. Jane Wyman played Jody's mother. Jody, himself, was played by the young actor Claude Jarman Jr..

The story was turned into a Broadway musical in 1965, but it was not a success. It had only three performances. 

A Japanese anime version was released in 1983. 

In 1983 the film "Cross Creek" tells a story from the life of Marjorie Kinnan Rawlings, the author of "The Yearling". It is about the event that helped her to write the novel. The main actors were Mary Steenburgen, Rip Torn, Peter Coyote and Dana Hill.

Valerie Foushee

Valerie Jean Foushee (née Paige; born May 7, 1956) is an American politician. She is a member of the United States House of Representatives for North Carolina's 4th congressional district since 2023. She was a Democratic member of the North Carolina Senate.

Don DaGradi

Don DaGradi (March 1, 1911 - August 4, 1991) is an American writer for Disney.


Xu Shen

Xu Shen () was a scholar and politician from the Han dynasty. He was the writer of the "Shuowen Jiezi", a Chinese dictionary.

SZA

Solána Imani Rowe (born November 8, 1989) known professionally as SZA, is an American R&B singer-songwriter. She was born in St. Louis, Missouri, and raised in Maplewood, New Jersey. She began making music in the early 2010s. When she started her music career, she made two EPs. After that, she signed with the hip hop record label Top Dawg Entertainment. Through the signing, SZA released her third studio EP, "Z", in 2014. During that same year, she co-wrote "Feeling Myself" with Nicki Minaj and Beyoncé. In 2016, she was featured in Rihanna's song "Consideration".

In 2017, she released her first studio album, Ctrl. It reached number 3 on the Billboard 200. It was certified triple platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA). It was released to international praise from critics. 

Also in 2017, she collaborated with Maroon 5 to make the Top 10 hit single "What Lovers Do". 

The next year, in 2018, she collaborated with Kendrick Lamar to create the Top 10 single "All The Stars" for the Black Panther soundtrack. "All The Stars" was nominated for an Oscar for both artists.

In 2020, she released the single "Good Days". In 2021, she released the single "I Hate U" and collaborated with Doja Cat to make the song "Kiss Me More". All three singles reached the top 10 on the US Billboard Hot 100. In 2022, SZA released her second studio album, "SOS". SOS reached number one on the Billboard 200.

SZA has earned several awards including four Grammy Award, a Billboard Music Award, an American Music Award and two MTV Video Music Award with nominations for an Academy Award and a Golden Globe Award. 

Cornufer cheesmanae

Cheesman's wrinkled ground frog ("Cornufer cheesmanae") is a frog. It lives in Papua New Guinea in the Cyclops Mountains and in Indonesia in the Bewani Mountains, between 3000 and 4000 feet above sea level.

Hou Yimin

Hou Yimin (1930 – 1 January 2023) was a Chinese oil painter, sculptor and art educator. He was honorary president of . He served for many years a member of the China Artists Association. He was the deputy director of the Oil Painting Department of the Central Academy of Fine Arts, the director of the Mural Painting Department, and the first deputy dean. He was contributor in the design of the Third series of the renminbi, and Fourth series of the renminbi banknotes. His wife Deng Shu who was director of the Oil Painting Department of the Central Academy of Fine Arts also contributed as an oil painter to the disign of the RMB. He was also contributor in the creation of gardens including the Splendid China Folk Village. Notable works are his political propaganda posters and . In 2013, he won the Lifetime Achievement Award at the 2nd .

Hou died in Beijing on 1 January 2023. His wife Deng Shu died later the same month on 20 January 2023.

Hit-Boy

Chauncey Alexander Hollis Jr. (born May 21, 1987) better known as his professional stage name, Hit-Boy, is an American record producer, rapper, singer, and songwriter. He is from Fontana, California. He started his music career in 2003 when he received a message from Polow Da Pon on MySpace for him to discuss singing him. In May 2011, he signed a two-year deal for Kanye West's GOOD Music. With this happening, he has produced for big-name artists such as Big Sean, Jay-Z, Beyoncé, Chris Brown, Kanye West, Nas, Snoop Dogg, Justin Bieber, Selena Gomez, and more. The most notable singles he produced are "Niggas in Paris" by Jay-Z and Kanye West, "Trophies" by Drake, "Clique" by GOOD Music, and "Racks in the Middle" by Nipsey Hussle featuring Roddy Rich. Racks in the Middle won Best Rap Performance at the 2020 Grammy Awards.

Elena Huelva

Elena Huelva Palomo (21 May 2002 – 3 January 2023) was a Spanish cancer activist, influencer, and writer.

Huelva was a Ewing's sarcoma patient known for disclosing her illness through social media. She also promoted cancer research, and the phrase ""Mis ganas ganan"" to describe her battle against the disease.

She was born on 21 May 2002 in Seville, Spain. At age 16, she was diagnosed with Ewing's sarcoma, a type of cancer that forms in the bone or the soft tissue around it. Four years later, Huelva has died from the disease, her family wrote on Instagram profile. In 2022, she wrote the book "Mis ganas ganan. Nadie nos ha prometido un mañana, vive el presente". The book was about her cancer experience.

Huelva died on 3 January 2023 in Seville, at the age of 20.

Zhou Lingzhao

Zhou Lingzhao (2 May 1919 – 3 January 2023) was a Chinese painter.

On 1 October 1949, Zhou Lingzhao was ordered to paint the portrait of Mao Zedong at Tiananmen Square for the proclamation of the People's Republic of China. In the early days of the founding of the People's Republic of China, he successively contributed to the design of the flag of the Communist Youth League of China (1950), the flag of the Young Pioneers of China (designed by Liu Yiyan in 1950 and modified by Zhou Lingzhao), and contributed to the National Emblem of the People's Republic of China (1950).

Since 1950, Zhou Lingzhao has served annualy as the art designer for the Chinese art team in the parade by Tiananmen Square of the International Workers' Day (1 May) and the National Day of the People's Republic of China (1 October). He contributed to the design of the August 1 Medal (1955),Order of Independence and Freedom and the Order of Liberation. Since 1950, he has been in charge of the art design of the second, third and fourth sets of Renminbi banknotes.

Zhou died in Beijing on 3 January 2023, at the age of 103.

Battle of Bakhmut

The Battle of Bakhmut is an ongoing series of battles in and near the city of Bakhmut. It is being fought between the Ukrainian Armed Forces and the Russian Armed Forces. It is part of the Battle of Donbas. Shelling of Bakhmut started in May 2022. The main attack on the city started on 1 August. It started after Russian soldiers moved in from Popasna after the Ukrainians left the city. The main attack force is mostly made of mercenaries from the Russian paramilitary organization Wagner Group. The attack force also has regular Russian troops and DPR and LPR separatist soldiers.

As of late 2022, the Bakhmut front became the center of the war. It is one of the few front lines in Ukraine where Russia stayed on the attack. Attacks on the city grew stronger in November 2022. Attacking Russian forces were made stronger by units from the Kherson front and newly mobilized recruits. By this time, much of the fighting on the front line became trench warfare. Both sides have taken many casualties.

Bakhmut was where the 2014 battle of Artemivsk was fought. This battle was fought between Ukraine and the separatist Donetsk People's Republic. Pro-Russian separatists had taken parts of the city during the 2014 pro-Russian unrest in Ukraine. A Ukrainian special forces unit and the National Guard were sent to get rid of the separatists from the city. The separatists were sent to the city's outskirts. Small battles continued until July 2014, when the separatists retreated from the area.

During the 2022 Russian invasion of Ukraine, a main Russian goal was to take the Donbas region. This region is made of Donetsk and Luhansk oblasts. The first attack to Bakhmut was done to encircle the Ukrainian soldiers at the Sievierodonetsk-Lysychansk salient. With another push from the Lyman direction, this would create a pocket and trap Ukrainian forces there. After the battles of Sievierodonetsk and Lysychansk in early July, Russian and separatist forces took all of Luhansk Oblast. The battlefield turned towards the cities of Sloviansk, Bakhmut, and Soledar.

Starting on 17 May, Russian forces began bombarding Bakhmut. This killed five people including a two-year-old child. After the fall of Popasna on 22 May, Ukrainian forces left the city to help soldiers at Bakhmut. Meanwhile, Russian forces moved forward on the Bakhmut-Lysychansk highway. This put the remaining Ukrainian troops in the Lysychansk-Sievierodonetsk area in danger. The Russian checkpoint on the highway was later destroyed. Fighting continued on 30 May on the Kostiantynivka-Bakhmut highway. Ukrainian forces were able to defend the highway.

Bombardment of Bakhmut continued throughout the rest of June and July. On 25 July, Ukrainian forces left the Vuhlehirska Power Station and the nearby town of Novoluhanske. Two days later on 27 July, Russian bombardment of Bakhmut killed three civilians and wounded three more.

On 1 August, Russian forces attacked many settlements south and southeast of Bakhmut. Both the Russian Ministry of Defense and pro-Russian Telegram pages said that the battle of Bakhmut had started. The next day, Ukraine said that Russian soldiers had increased airstrikes and bombardment of Bakhmut. They started a ground attack on the southeastern part of the city. On 4 August, Wagner Group mercenaries got through Ukrainian defenses. They got to Patrice Lumumba Street on the eastern outskirts of Bakhmut. Russian forces continued to move towards Bakhmut from the south. The Ukrainian general staff said on 14 August that Russian forces had "partial success" near Bakhmut.

Night bombardment in the city center on 21 September burned the Martynov Palace of Culture. This was where the humanitarian headquarters was. The local fire department was also bombarded as they put out the fire. It reported that two SES staff were injured and equipment was damaged. At night, a five-story building was damaged by Russian bombardment. A Russian missile strike destroyed the main bridge across the Bakhmutka river on 22 September. This delayed civilian travel and Ukrainian military logistics.

On 7 October, Russian forces moved into the villages of Zaitseve and Opytne on the southern and southeastern outskirts of Bakhmut. On 10 October, the UK Defence Ministry said that Russian soldiers moved closer to Bakhmut. On 12 October, Russian soldiers said that they took Opytne and Ivanhrad, although these towns were still contested. Ukrainian sources said a minor counteroffensive on 24 October moved Russian forces from some factories on the eastern outskirts of the city.

By early November, much of the fighting near Bakhmut had became trench warfare. Neither side was able to move very far and hundreds of casualties were reported daily.

Russian soldiers captured the villages of Andriivka, Ozarianivka, and Zelenopillia. They moved forward through Opytne from 28–29 November. Wagner Group soldiers attacked Kurdyumivka, next to Ozarianivka. Russian soldiers also attacked Ukrainian soldiers southeast of Bakhmut. The same day, a Georgia military volunteer told the media that a group of Georgian volunteers had been surrounded during fighting near Bakhmut. The commander was wounded and five or six volunteers had been killed. On 6–7 December, the Russian defense ministry said that their soldiers had defeated Ukrainian counterattacks south of Bakhmut. The commander of the Ukraine National Guard's Svoboda Battalion said they were "fighting for every bush" and predicted Russia would struggle to go past a canal above and behind Kudriumivka.

On 9 December, President Volodymyr Zelenskyy said that Russia was "destroying" Bakhmut. He called Bakhmut "another Donbas city that the Russian army turned into burnt ruins." Former soldier and eyewitness to the battle Petro Stone said the Bakhmut front is a "meat grinder".

On 11–13 December, Russian sources said that Wagner Group soldiers had broke through defenses in east Bakhmut. They took the northern part of Fyodor Maksimenko Street in Zabakhmutka district. They moved along Patrice Lumumba Street in Bakhmut's industrial zone. They took the Siniat ALC factory and sparkling wine/"artwinery" factory. Wagner took Pidhorodne and made small moves towards Bakhmut from the south. On 11 December a railway bridge over the E40 (M-03) highway north of Bakhmut was destroyed. The Russians said the Ukrainians destroyed it to stop or delay future Russian moves towards Sloviansk.

By 13 December, Russian sources said that urban fighting had started in the eastern and southeastern parts of Bakhmut. They also said that 90% of Opytne had been taken. The Ukrainian General Staff said that they defeated Russian attacks northeast and south of Bakhmut from Soledar and Kurdiumivka, respectively. On 17 December, footage emerged online of trenches in Bakhmut's city center, indicating Ukrainian defenders were preparing for urban combat. On 18–19 December, Ukrainian forces counter-attacked on Fyodor Maksimenko Street and pushed Wagner Group soldiers back to the eastern outskirts of the suburban area. Soldiers on the ground were supported by Wolfhound (picture) armored personnel carriers; Those vehicles are a gift from Great Britain.

Ukrainian authorities said that they pushed back "five to seven" Russian attacks near Bakhmut daily.

On 20–21 December, President Zelenskyy made a visit to the Bakhmut front. There he met with soldiers, gave out medals, and gave speeches. Meanwhile, bombardment and fighting on Bakhmut's outskirts continued. Russian forces kept trying to break Ukrainian positions on the city's flanks. On 26 December, Governor of Donetsk Oblast Pavlo Kyrylenko said over 60 percent of Bakhmut's infrastructure was damaged or destroyed.

Pan Honghai

Pan Honghai  (1942 – 3 January 2023) was a Chinese oil painter. He studied at the China Academy of Art. He served as deputy editor-in-chief of and was president and honorary president of Zhejiang Academy of Painting.

Honghai died in Hangzhou on 3 January 2023.

Kia (disambiguation)

Kia is a Korean automobile manufacturer.

Kia or KIA may also refer to:





Korosten

Korosten (, ; historically also Iskorosten ) is a historic city and a big transport hub in Zhytomyr Oblast (province). It is in northern Ukraine. It is on the Uzh River. Korosten is the administrative center of the Korosten Raion (district). As of January 2022 its population was approximately 


The Truth About Love

The Truth About Love is the sixth studio album by American singer-songwriter Pink. There were six singles from it. It was released on September 14, 2012 . The record's songs are about love, monogamy, and sexuality, as mentioned in the album's title. This is because she gave birth to her first child in 2011 in prior to the release of the album. Pink Bryant he recording In 2010 - 2012

Cuevas, Mississippi

Cuevas is an unincorporated community in Harrison County, Mississippi, United States.

City (Strapping Young Lad album)

City is the second studio album by Strapping Young Lad. Strapping Young Lad is a Canadian extreme metal band. It was released on February 11, 1997. Before the album was made, Devin Townsend was the only member of the band. He hired other people to join the band. They made music on the album. These people were guitarist Jed Simon, bass guitarist Byron Stroud, and drummer Gene Hoglan. They stayed in the band until it ended.

Many people think "City" is the Strapping Young Lad's best album. "Revolver" said it was one of "the greatest metal albums of all time". The album was released again in 2007.

Dots and Dashes

Dots and Dashes is a 1910 American silent drama movie. It stars Anna Rosemond.


The Englishman and the Girl

The Englishman and the Girl is a 1910 American silent comedy movie directed by D. W. Griffith and stars Charles Craig, Mary Pickford, and George Nichols.


Everybody Saves Father and The Only Girl in Camp

Everybody Saves Father and The Only Girl in Camp is a 1910 American silent comedy movie. It stars G.W. Abbe, Justus D. Barnes, Frank H. Crane, Irene Crane, and Marie Eline.

The Fairies' Hallowe'en

The Fairies' Hallowe'en is a 1910 American silent comedy movie. It stars G.W. Abbe, Justus D. Barnes, Frank H. Crane, Irene Crane, and Marie Eline.

Faithful (1910 movie)

Faithful is a 1910 American silent comedy movie directed by D. W. Griffith and stars Arthur V. Johnson, Mack Sennett, Florence Barker, and Kate Bruce.


The Fisherman's Granddaughter

The Fisherman's Granddaughter is a 1910 American silent drama movie directed by Sidney Olcott.

The Flag of His Country

The Flag of His Country is a 1910 American silent drama movie. It stars Anna Rosemond, Frank H. Crane, and Violet Heming.

A Flash of Light (movie)

A Flash of Light is a 1910 American silent drama movie directed by D. W. Griffith and stars Charles West, Vivian Prescott, and Stephanie Longfellow.


Frankenstein (1910 movie)

Frankenstein is a 1910 American silent horror movie directed by J. Searle Dawley and stars Mary Fuller, Charles Stanton Ogle, and Augustus Phillips.


A Fresh Start

A Fresh Start is a 1910 American silent drama movie. It stars Marie Eline.

2001 New England Patriots season

The 2001 season was the New England Patriots' 32nd in the National Football League (NFL) and their 42nd season total. They ended with an 11–5 record and a division title before going to and winning Super Bowl XXXVI.

Color mixing

Color mixing means mixing two or more colors together. For example, mixing green and cyan makes the color spring green. It is not commonly taught to children, as it does not correspond to the mixing of physical substances which would correspond to subtractive mixing. Two beams of light that are superimposed mix their colors additively. The mixing of colored physical substances corresponds to an additive color and subtractive color mixing, hence it corresponds to our intuition about mixing colors.

To mix colors, you can use paint. For example, consider mixing red and yellow. Mixing the two colors makes the color orange. Orange is named after a species of citrus. When we mix blue and green, it makes the color teal. You can also mix red and purple, thus making magenta. However, if you mix red and magenta, they create the color crimson.


Average mixing can be confused with subtractive mixing. For example, even though red and blue average to purple, an attempt to make a particular shade of purple by mixing red and blue paint may fail, since there is no purple spectrum between the red and blue spectra. Paint mixing can result in average wavelength. For example, mixing blue and yellow usually results in some shade of green despite them being complementary colors, because there is a green spectrum between the yellow spectrum and the blue spectrum. It's also one reason why mixing red and blue along with white can result in gray, because red and blue average to purple, but the average wavelength is green which is a complementary color of purple.

National Football League Offensive Player of the Year Award

The National Football League Offensive Player of the Year Award is a yearly American football award given by some groups to the National Football League (NFL) player who is considered the best offensive player during the regular season. Groups which issue the award include the Associated Press (AP), Pro Football Writers of America (PFWA) and "Sporting News". The AP's award is seen as the main award at the annual NFL Honors show.


National Football League Comeback Player of the Year Award

The National Football League Comeback Player of the Year Award is a number of awards that are given to a National Football League (NFL) player who has become better after a bad season before. The awards have been chosen by some groups, including the Associated Press (AP), Pro Football Writers Association (PFWA), "Sporting News", and United Press International (UPI). As of the 2022 season, Chad Pennington has been the only player to have won the Associated Press NFL Comeback Player of the Year Award in multiple seasons.

From 1963 to 1966, the award was given to both an NFL and AFL player. No award was given between 1966 and 1998.

From 1972 to 1991, the Comeback Player of the Year award was given by "Pro Football Weekly" (PFW) only. PFW and the Professional Football Writers of America (PFWA) combined their awards from 1992–2012.

In 1962, United Press International (UPI) chose a comeback player for the first time. The winner, Frank Gifford, had made a comeback from a bad injury from a hit by Chuck Bednarik. The following year, the Associated Press (AP) made a similar award. UPI stopped the award after 1963. They gave it one more time in 1969. The AP did not give out the award from 1967 to 1998.





Cosmic latte

Cosmic latte is the average color of the universe, found by a team of astronomers from Johns Hopkins University. Due to flawed calculations, the average color of the universe was originally thought to be turquoise.


2000 NFL Draft

The 2000 NFL Draft was the yearly player selection by the National Football League teams. It was held April 15–16, 2000, at the Theater at Madison Square Garden in New York City, New York.

Courtney Brown was the first player picked in the draft.

The draft was famous for the pick of Michigan quarterback Tom Brady at the 199th pick in the sixth round by the New England Patriots.

As of the 2022 NFL season, Brady is the only active player from this draft.

In the explanations below, (D) denotes trades that took place during the 2000 Draft, while (PD) indicates trades completed pre-draft.



2000 NFL season

The 2000 NFL season was the 81st regular season of the National Football League. The season ended with Super Bowl XXXV when the Baltimore Ravens beat the New York Giants, 34–7, at Raymond James Stadium in Tampa, Florida.

Waihi Beach

Waihi Beach is a coastal town on the western end of Bay of Plenty in New Zealand. It is 10 kilometres to the east of the town Waihi at the foot of Coromandel Peninsula. It has a primary school that opened in 1924.

Candlestick Park

Candlestick Park was an outdoor stadium in San Francisco, California. The stadium was the home of Major League Baseball's San Francisco Giants and the San Francisco 49ers of the National Football League.

Dani Oliva

Dani Oliva is a Canadian music executive and entertainment attorney based in Los Angeles, California. Dani is better known as a music advocate, he has been providing legal services, consultation and advice in the areas of music, IP, business. Dani Oliva is the first visible transgender person to serve as an executive at a major music company.

Dani Oliva was born in Toronto and raised in Vaughan, Ontario, Canada. Dani graduated from the University of Toronto. In 2017, Dani founded Oliva Law Group, P.C. 

Notably, Dani co-founded a nonprofit "Motion Creative" in 2020. Motion Creative has organized several education webinars and programs to raise funds for the "MusiCares COVID-19 Emergency Relief Fund" with Grammy winning special guests and nominees including Dua Lipa, Sarah Hudson, Sabrina Carpenter, Tove Lo, Fred Ball, Leland.

In December 2022, "Venice Music", a music and technology company has appointed Dani Oliva as Vice President of Legal and Business Affairs. 

In 2022, Dani received a platinum record (triple platinum in Canada) for his legal work on Ariana Grande’s 2x Grammy nominated album Positions on behalf of client JustAcoustic. Dani also worked with DOMi of 2023 2x Grammy nominated duo "DOMi and JD Beck".

2000 New England Patriots season

The 2000 season was the New England Patriots' 31st in the National Football League (NFL) and their 41st overall. They finished with a 5–11 record and in last place in the division.

Rockin' in the Free World

"Rockin' in the Free World" is a 1989 song by Canadian singer Neil Young. It is from his 17th studio album "Freedom". It went to number 39 in Canada and number 83 in the United Kingdom. It has been recorded by many artists including Bon Jovi and Pearl Jam.

Junípero Serra High School (San Mateo, California)

Junípero Serra High School (commonly Serra or JSHS) is a Catholic all-male high school in San Mateo, California, United States.

2001 Pittsburgh Steelers season

The 2001 season was the Pittsburgh Steelers' 69th season in the National Football League.

There Must Be an Angel (Playing with My Heart)

"There Must Be an Angel (Playing with My Heart)" is a 1985 song by Eurythmics. It is the second single from their fourth studio album "Be Yourself Tonight". It topped the single charts in Finland, Ireland, Norway, the United Kingdom. It was their only chart topper in the United Kingdom. It also made the top 40 in the United States. It was covered by German band No Angels in 2001.




2001–02 NFL playoffs

The 2001–02 NFL playoffs was the playoff tournament for the 2001 season. The playoffs ended with Super Bowl XXXVI on February 3, with the New England Patriots winning their first Super Bowl.


Kinsariya

Kinsariya is a village in Parbatsar Tehsil, Nagaur District, Rajasthan. Kinsariya has there own gram Panchayat. It is part of Ajmer Division. The village is east of the capital of the district. It is from the state capital Jaipur. 

Kinsariya was the Thikana of Keshavdasot Ramsinghot Mertiya's under Double tazimi Sirayat in Marwar State of BADU JAGIR (13 villages). Th. Naar Singh ji and Th. Chain Singh ji has the share of Kinsariya by Bhaibant . They are the sons of Thakur sahab Ram Singh Mertiya of Badu .
In the 2011 census, 2,605 people lived there.

1.Man Singh Kinsariya
(Senior BJP Leader , Ex-MLA Parbatsar (from 2008-2018) 

2. Prof. Biru Singh Rathore 

Adam Vinatieri

Fan Club President = Tom Plavcan
Adam Matthew Vinatieri (born December 28, 1972) is a former American football placekicker who played in the National Football League (NFL) for 24 seasons with the New England Patriots and Indianapolis Colts

John Friesz

John Melvin "Deep" Friesz (pronounced "Freeze") (born May 19, 1967) is a former football player, a quarterback in the National Football League for four teams.

Michael Bishop (gridiron football)

Michael Paul Bishop (born May 15, 1976) is a former gridiron football quarterback.

Galveston (disambiguation)

Galveston is a city in the U.S. state of Texas.

Galveston may also refer to:







Karl Sesta

Karl Sesta (18 March 1906 – 12 July 1974) was a footballer . He represented as defender both the Austrian and German national sides.
The trained blacksmith Sesta began his football career in 1919 in Simmering at Vorwärts XI. He then played for the clubs SC Simmering, Teplitzer FK (1927), WAC (from 1928), where he won his first title in 1931 by winning the Austrian Cup. 1934 he went to Austria Wien. His greatest success with Austria was winning the Mitropapokal 1936, the forerunner of today's European Cup. Sesta won the Cup twice more in 1935 and 1936, but he was denied a championship title.

He made his debut for Austria in May 1932 against Czechoslovakia. He participated in the 1934 FIFA World Cup. He earned 44 caps for Austria, scoring one goal.

After the annexation of Austrian through Germany, he played three international matches for the German selection in 1941 and 1942. After the Second World War he played Austria's first two games on August 19 and 20, 1945 against Hungary.

After the end of his playing career he worked as a coach at home and abroad (among others at the Wiener Sport-Club, Wiener AC, SK Vorwärts Steyr, Austria Salzburg and BC Augsburg).

Viktor Vasnetsov

Viktor Vasnetsov (15 May 1848 - 23 July 1926) was a Russian artist. Themes of his paintings are dedicated to Slavic myths and fairy tales or legends. 

Cornflower blue

Cornflower blue is a shade of blue containing relatively little green. Cornflower blue is also a Crayola color with hexadecimal code #93CCEA. It was originally introduced in 1958, in the box of 48 crayons. The color is also called light cornflower blue.

Dark cornflower blue is a dark shade of cornflower blue containing relatively little navy blue. 

Light cornflower blue is the color called cornflower in Crayola. It was originally introduced in 1958, in the box of 48 crayons.

"Main article: Navy blue"

Navy cornflower blue is the darkest shade of cornflower blue. While not as dark as navy blue, it is still one of the darkest colors. Like how you create dark cornflower blue by mixing cornflower with black, you can make this by mixing dark cornflower blue with black.

Pieter Bleeker

Pieter Bleeker (10 July 1819 – 24 January 1878) was a Dutch medical doctor, ichthyologist, and herpetologist. He was famous for the "Atlas Ichthyologique des Indes Orientales Néêrlandaises", his monumental work on the fishes of East Asia published between 1862 and 1877. Bleeker died on 24 January 1878 in The Hague.






Anton Janda

Anton Janda (1 May 1904 – 26 September 1985) was an Austrian football defender. He played for the Austria in the 1934 FIFA World Cup. He also played for SK Admira Wien.
Anton Janda began his career at SC Nord-Wien 1912, where he was a left winger in the first team when he was only 15 years old. 
In 1922 he moved to Admira, where he made his debut as a striker in the championship in spring 1924 and from the following season he had a regular place in the defense. With the Admira Anton Janda was able to reach one of his greatest successes. With the champion team of Admira from 1934, they made it into the Mitropacupfinale, the forerunner of the European Cup.

In 1935 he left Admira and played for SC Austro Fiat Vienna. Further positions were at FC Zell am See, SV Austria Salzburg, Heiligenstädter SV and Austria XIII in Vienna in the post-war years.

Between 1928 and 1934 he played 10 matches for the Austrian national football team. He debuted on 1 April 1928 versus Czechoslovakia in a 0-1 loss. His last match was on 23 September 1934 in a 2-2 draw against Czechoslovakia. For Austria he played in the 1934 FIFA World Cup.

Georg Braun

Georg Braun (22 February 1907 – 22 September 1963) was an Austrian football forward and coach. He played mainly for Wiener AC. He also played for the Austrian national football team.

He began his career as a striker at Donaustadt . Then he went to the second division team SV Strassenbahn in 1923. 1925 he went to WAC and played 10 years for this team. With the club he reached the 1931 Mitropa Cup Final. They lost the match versus First Vienna. He won one league title with WAC and was thre times (1928, 1932, 1935) in the Cup final. From 1935 till 1939 he played for Stades Rennais in France. After coming back he was playing manager of LASK.
He debuted on 6 May 1928 in a away match versus Hungary. Braun was part of Austria national football team at the 1934 FIFA World Cup. He earned 13 caps, scoring one goal. Overall he played 13 international matches for Austria from 1928 to 1935. He was also called up 25 times for the Vienna and Lower Austrian teams.
During World War II he was soldier and was taken prisoner by the Soviets. After his return from the Soviet Union 1946 he worked until 1952 as a coach at the Linzer ASK and finally became the Upper Austrian association coach. He was then in charge of the Ethiopian national team as team manager before taking up coaching at the regional league club SK VOEST Linz in 1956. Finally he managed SV Micheldorf in Upper Austria.

Fernand Devestel

Fernand Devestel (10 July 1930 – 28 December 2022) monastic name Waldebert was the Superior General of the Congregation of the Brothers of Charity between 1976 and 2000.

Waldebert joined the Brothers of Charity in 1948. In 1967 he became vicar general and was specially charged with the renewal of the statutes of the congregation. In 1976 he was elected Superior General and led the Brothers of Charity worldwide. He held this position until 2000. René Stockman succeeded him. Waldebert became afterwards provincial superior for Belgium and the Netherlands and director of the training house for young brothers.

Devestel died at residential care center Sint-Jan in Zelzate on 28 December 2022, at the age of 92.

Henriette Gardelle

Henriette Gardelle (1905 - April 1928) was a French competitive swimmer from Paris. She was a member of Mouettes de Paris and later of Club des Nageurs de Paris and Swimming Club de Paris.

Gardelle participated for the first time in the , an main open water competition in Paris in 1918. In 1921 and 1922 she finished second behind her sister Juliette Gardelle. She won the organized by the S.N.E.N. four times in 1923, 1924, 1925 and 1926 and became these years champion of Paris.

Gardelle was born in 1905. Her sisters Juliette, Renée and Ella were also swimmers. She married to rower Mr. Prévost. She worked in a silk factory. Gardelle died young in April 1928. On 27 April she was burried at the cemetery of Joinville-le-Pont.


Friedrich Franzl

Friedrich Franzl (6 March 1905 – 18 August 1989) was an Austrian football player. He played as goalkeeper for SK Admira Wien and Wiener Sport-Club. He was also a player for the Austrian national football team.
Franzl began his career in 1923 with SK Admira. In the following season, he celebrated the first championship. This was the first title for Admira. With Admira, he became runner-up three years in a row after the double in 1928. After the 1931 season he went to Wiener Sport Club. At the end of his career, the goalkeeper had another success with Sportclub by reaching the Austrian Cup final.

In 1926, he played in the Austrian national team for the first time. He made his debut in the 7-1 win over Switzerland on 10 October and established himself as the national team's first-choice goalkeeper. He only lost once with the team to Czechoslovakia – but had ten wins and four draws. Nevertheless, from 1930 he was often replaced in the Austrian goal by Rudolf Hiden. His last match for the team was on 3 May 1931 versus Hungary. He was called up for the squad for the 1934 World Cup, although he did not play in it.

Icefield

An ice field (also spelled icefield) is a mass of interconnected valley glaciers. It is also known as mountain glacier or alpine glacier. 

It lies on a mountain mass with sticking out rock ridges or summits. Due to ice's likelihood of being harmed or influenced by gravity, ice fields usually form over large areas that are drained by a river.

The higher peaks under the mountain rock that stick out through the icefields are known as nunataks. Ice fields are larger than Alps-based glaciers, but smaller than ice caps and ice flat materials.

An ice field is also measurable from an ice cap because it does not have a dome-like form.



Buchireddypalem

Buchireddypalem is a town in the Nellore district of Andhra Pradesh, India. It is 15 km from Nellore city. It is on the state highway between Nellore and Mumbai. The closest railway station is Nellore railway station. The closest seaport is Krishnapatnam. The closest airports are Tirupati Airport in Tirupati and Chennai Airport in Chennai.

Moscow theater hostage crisis

The Moscow theater hostage crisis (also known as the 2002 Nord-Ost siege) was a terrorist attack of the Dubrovka Theater by Chechen terrorists on 23 October 2002. According to the attackers, they belonged to Islamist separatist movement in Chechnya.

Walter Cunningham

Ronnie Walter Cunningham (March 16, 1932 – January 3, 2023) was an American astronaut, fighter pilot and physicist. He was a lunar module pilot on the Apollo 7 mission in 1968. He was one of NASA's first civilian astronauts. He wrote the book "The All-American Boys" (1977). He was born in Creston, Iowa.

Cunningham died of problems caused by a fall on January 3, 2023, in Houston, Texas. He was 90.


Suzanne Klein

Suzanne Klein was a French-Algerian competitive swimmer from Paris. She was specialized in the freestyle. She won multiple medals at French national swimming championships and became African record holder in the 100 metre freestyle.

Klein was a member of Mouettes de Paris where she became assistant secretary in 1922. After moving to Algiers she became a member of Association Sportive Algéroise and later the Rugby Association Sportive Algiers.

Klein lived in the 17th arrondissement of Paris. She moved to Algiers in Algeria in the summer of 1922. She worked as a shorthand typist.

The first main swimming competition Klein participated in was in November 1920 at the swimming festival of the CNP. In August 1921 she won the 200 metre swimming race at the . In August 1922 she finished second in the 400 metre freestyle event a the national championships in a time of 8:13.6. The next year she became again second at the French national championships in the 1000 metre freestyle event in a time of 21:22.2. The same year she also won a 100 metre race at Marine Sportive Algéroise (translated: Algiers Sports Navy).

On 19 September 1926 she broke the African 100 metre freestyle swimming record in a time of 1:36.6. Her last main swimming competition was in August 1927 at the Championships of Paris in the 200m breaststroke event.

Battle of Izium (2022)

The Battle of Izium was a battle between Russia and Ukraine. It was part of the Eastern Ukraine offensive of the 2022 Russian invasion of Ukraine. The battle started in March 2022 for control of the town of Izium. The town is an important transportation center. The Russian military wanted to take Izium so its soldiers in Kharkiv Oblast could connect to Russian soldiers in the Donbas region.

On 10 September 2022, Ukrainian forces took back the town during the 2022 Ukrainian Kharkiv counteroffensive. They found local mass graves with 440 bodies. Izium's population went down to 10,000 because of the war.

Russian attacks on Izium started on 28 February 2022. Rocket strikes by the Russian military started on 3 March. Eight civilians were killed on 3 March. The town's main hospital took a lot of damage. The next day, Russian soldiers moved towards Izium and got its northern outskirts. By 6 March, the Russian military had taken two of Izium's neighborhoods and its railway station.

On 7 March, Russians said that Izium had been taken by Russian forces. However, this was not officially confirmed. The next day, fighting started between Russian and Ukrainian forces for control of the town. Russian troops were forced to leave. Between 9 and 10 March, 2,250 civilians were evacuated from Izium. Russian forces continued to slowly move towards the town.

On 12 March, Russian soldiers took the northern part of the town. The next day, the Russian military moved forward more. However, they were again forced to move back.

Sometime between 15 and 16 March, Russian soldiers took the southern part of Izium. Ukrainian forces took it back soon after. On 17 March, the US Department of Defense said that Izium was once again taken by Russian forces. This was denied by the Institute for the Study of War (ISW). The Russian military went over the river Donets near the Barvinkivsky Highway. They were stopped by Ukrainian forces after being ambushed. Fighting continued the next day.

Between 19 and 20 March, the Russians tried to take the center of Izium was defeated. During the fighting, Russian soldiers tried to make a pontoon bridge over the river Donets. However, they were attacked. 19 Russian soldiers were killed and 46 wounded in this ambush. Among the dead was the commander of the engineering unit, Colonel Nikolay Ovcharenko. Eventually, Russian forces made two pontoon bridges and Russian tanks went over the river to encircle the Ukrainian-controlled part of Izium. On 22 March, Ukrainian forces tried to retake the town.

On 24 March, the Russian military said that it had taken Izium. Ukraine said that fighting was still going on. According to a local official, Russian forces had the northern part of the town, while Ukrainian soldiers were in the south. He also said that Izium was blockaded and that the city had been "completely destroyed".

By 27 March, the Russian military took the nearby village of Kamyanka and two other villages southwest and southeast of Izium. Ukrainian forces said that they quickly took back all three villages. They also said they shot down a Russian Sukhoi Su-34 fighter aircraft near Izium. Two days later, it was confirmed Kamyanka was under Russian control.

On 1 April, the Ukrainian military confirmed Izium was under Russian control. The following day, in an interview for "Ukrinform", Izium's Deputy Mayor Volodymyr Matsokin said that 80% of the city's houses had been destroyed and that there was no power, heating, or water in the city.

Mass graves with more than 440 bodies were found after the Russians were driven out of the town.

In late November, a phone call from a Russian soldier in the 27th Separate Guards Motor Rifle Brigade discussing killing of Izium's citizens during the September retreat was leaked. The soldier detailed a secondhand account of where his commanding officer Colonel Sergey Igorevich Safonov and another officer had stabbed an elderly Ukrainian woman and shot her husband respectively, killing both.

Norbert Werbs

Norbert Werbs (20 May 1940 – 3 January 2023) was a German Roman Catholic bishop and theologian. He was born in Warnemünde, Rostock. He became a priest in 1964. He was became auxiliary bishop of Hamburg in 1994. He served until his retirement in 2015.

Werbs died on 3 January 2023 in Neubrandenburg, at the age of 82.

Ellie Simmonds

Ellie Simmonds (born 11 November 1994) is a Paralympic swimmer with Achondroplasia dwarfism. She started swimming at the age of five.

When she was 13, Ellie was the second youngest British Paralympian to win a medal by competing at the Beijing 2008 Paralympic Games by winning the 100m and 400m Freestyle swimming events.

Rita Dove

Rita Frances Dove (born August 28, 1952) is an American poet and writer. She teaches English and Creative Writing at the University of Virginia in Charlottesville.

In 1987 she became the second African American (after Gwendolyn Brooks in 1950) to win the Pulitzer Prize for Poetry. She won for her third book of poetry, "Thomas and Beulah".

From 1993 to 1995, she was the first African American to work as the United States Poet Laureate. She was the Poet Laureate of Virginia from 2004–2006.

Dove has won many awards for her work. These include the National Humanities Medal in 1996 and the National Medal of Arts in 2011. In 2022 she won the Ruth Lilly Poetry Prize.



George Santos

George Anthony Devolder Santos (; born July 22, 1988) is an American politician. He was the U.S. representative from New York's 3rd congressional district from January to December 2023. He is a member of the Republican Party.

After his election, many news articles found that Santos had made many false claims about his personal life, health, religion, taxes, education and career. These claims have caused the Brazilian government to investigate Santos for fraud. In 2008, he confessed to check fraud charges in Brazil, but did not appear in court, leaving the case unresolved.

After unsuccessfully running for Congress in 2020 against incumbent Thomas Suozzi, Santos was elected to the open seat in 2022.

Santos is openly gay.

Santos was removed from the House of Representatives on December 1, 2023.

Marie Baron

Marie Baron was a French competitive diver and swimmer from Paris. As a member of Ondine de Paris she competed in the 1900s, in the earliest women's French aquatics history. In 1907 finished second at the first international diving competition in France.

The earliest French women's swimming competitions started in the mid 1900s. Baron participated in swimming competition in June 1907 at the competition of Ondine de Paris in Paris and in competitions in Rouen and Choisy-le-Roi. On 28 July 1907 she competed at the 1907 international Ondine de Paris aquatics competitions in Paris, France. The first international women's aquatics competition in France. Baron finished second in the diving event, together with Frenchwoman L. Kircner. She also competed in the international 200 metre swimming event and the international 60 metre handicap style race. She swam her last main swimming competition on 23 August 1908 at Joinvillele-Pont.

Alan Mackay-Sim

Alan Mackay-Sim (16 May 1951 – 4 January 2023) was an Australian biomedical scientist. His research into stem cells lead to the treatment of spinal cord injuries. He was named Australian of the Year in 2017.

Mackay-Sim was born in Wahroonga, a suburb of Sydney, New South Wales. He was married and had two children.

In 2015, Mackay-Sim was diagnosed with multiple myeloma. He died in January 2023, at the age of 71.


Xavier Wasseige

Jean Baptiste Xavier Joseph Guillaume Wasseige (21 March 1762 – 18 June 1823) was a Dutch politician from Namur, that was at the time of his birth a city within Habsburg Netherlands (now Belgium).

In the United Kingdom of the Netherlands he served for Namur as a member of the 1815 Assemblee of notables and as a member of the House of Representatives of the Netherlands from 1815 to 1818.

Wasseige died in Namur on 18 June 1823, at the age of 61.

Jan Marie Joseph Verstraeten

Jan Marie Joseph Verstraeten (16 May 1757 – 21 February 1838) was a Dutch rentier and politician from Boekhoute, that was at the time of his birth a city within Habsburg Netherlands (now Belgium).

In the United Kingdom of the Netherlands he served for East Flanders as a member of the 1815 Assemblee of notables from to and as a member of the House of Representatives of the Netherlands from 1815 to 1818.

Verstraeten died in Boekhoute on 21 February 1838, at the age of 80.

Stanislas Charles de Troye

Stanislas Charles de Troye (28 January 1770 – 29 December 1844) was a Dutch politician from Mons, that was at the time of his birth a city within Habsburg Netherlands (now Belgium). He held various administrative positions and was a landowner in Thuin.

In the United Kingdom of the Netherlands he served for Charleroi as a member of the 1815 Assemblee of notables and for Henegouwen as a member of the House of Representatives of the Netherlands from 1815 to 1820.

De Troye died in Thuin on 29 December 1844, at the age of 73.

Think It Over (The Cars song)

"Think It Over" is a song by American new wave band The Cars, featured on their fourth studio album, "Shake It Up". It was written by Ric Ocasek.
"Think It Over" was first released on the 1984 album "Shake It Up," but following the album's release the song was released as a single in Britain and Australia. Backed with "I'm Not the One" (which later became a hit in its own right) the single made no dent on the charts. The single was not released in America, as the song "Victim of Love" (also from "Shake It Up") received the single release instead.
"AllMusic" reviewer Greg Prato cited the track as a highlight from "Shake It Up", describing it as "almost entirely synth-oriented" and called it one of the "many lesser-known album tracks [on "Shake It Up" that] prove[d] to be [a] highlight[.]"

Magic (The Cars song)

"Magic" is a song by The Cars from their fifth studio album, "Heartbeat City", which came out in 1984. The song was written by Ric Ocasek and produced by Mutt Lange and The Cars. Ocasek sang lead vocals.
The music video for the song shows many different personas of people at a party as Ocasek walks on the pool water singing the song.

The Cars filmed "Magic" at the Hilton family house in Beverly Hills. Kathy Hilton rented the house for her band. A Plexiglass platform was located below the surface of the water. In the first take, the platform collapsed. The platform had to be adjusted for Ric's weight. The house is also the setting for the movie "Blind Date" starring Bruce Willis and Kim Basinger.

Frank Cameron

Francis James Cameron (1 June 1932 – 2 January 2023) was a New Zealand cricketer. He played 19 Tests for New Zealand, taking 62 wickets, from 1961 to 1965. He was also a selector for the Black Caps from 1968 to 1986.


2003 New England Patriots season

The 2003 season was the New England Patriots' 34th in the National Football League (NFL), their 44th total and their fourth under head coach Bill Belichick.

Cornufer trossulus

Torakina sticky-toed frog or Fauro sticky-toed frog ("Cornufer trossulus") is a frog. It lives in Papua New Guinea on Bouganville Island and in the Soloman Islands. People have seen it between 0 and 1250 meters above sea level.

Silas House

Silas Dwane House (born August 7, 1971) is an American writer best known for his novels. He was born and grew up in the southeastern part of the state of Kentucky. Most of his books are about people who live in the American South away from big cities. He writes about people who are in the working class. They are people who live close to the natural world in their small town homes. Some of his older characters live in the old ways, while younger characters behave in more modern ways.

House is a very public person in the LGBTQ community in Kentucky. In 2022 he won the Duggins Prize for LGBTQ+ writers. When he won that award he said, "I hope that I have made another LGBTQ person—especially those living in rural places—feel seen and heard the way previous winners of this prize…made me feel seen and heard as a young gay man living in a rural place.”

Since 2017 House has been a member of the Fellowship of Southern Writers. His books have gotten many honors, such as an EB White Award, the Appalachian Book of the Year, the Storylines Prize from the New York Public Library/NAV Foundation, the Lee Smith Award, a finalist for the Carnegie Medal for Excellence in Fiction, and many others.

In 2023, House was named the Poet Laureate of Kentucky.


Chad Hurley

Chad Meredith Hurley (born January 24, 1977) is an American businessman. He is one of the co-founders and CEO of YouTube. On October 26, 2006, he sold YouTube to Google for $1.65 billion. In 2010, he stepped down as CEO of YouTube.

All-Pro

All-Pro is an award given to professional American football players that selects the best player at each position during a season.

Calm (album)

Calm (stylized as C A L M, which is an acronym for the band's four members' first names, Calum, Ashton, Luke, and Michael), is the fourth studio album by Australian pop rock band 5 Seconds of Summer. It was released on March 27, 2020. There are five tracks from this album. The album was kept back from promotion and performances. It is because of the COVID-19 pandemic and its stay-at-home order. Instead, they did TV and radio reviews over videocall with their fans to interact with them. The album was a commercial success. It also received positive reviews from critics. It is because they praised the band's lyrical growth and maturity.

2007 All-Pro Team

The 2007 All-Pro Team is the National Football League players that were selected to the Associated Press, Pro Football Writers Association and "Sporting News" All-Pro Teams in 2007. Some players are First-Team and some are Second-Team. First-Team has better players.



2010 All-Pro Team

The 2010 All-Pro Team is the National Football League players that were selected to the Associated Press, Pro Football Writers Association and "Sporting News" All-Pro Teams in 2010. Some players are First-Team and some are Second-Team. First-Team has better players.



Bert Bell Award

The Bert Bell Award is given by the Maxwell Football Club to the player of the year in the National Football League (NFL). The award is named in honor of Bert Bell (1895–1959), who was the commissioner of the NFL and founder of the Maxwell Club.




2002 Pro Bowl

The 2002 Pro Bowl was the NFL's all-star game for the 2001 season. The game was played on February 9, 2002, at Aloha Stadium in Honolulu, Hawaii. The final score was AFC 38, NFC 30. Rich Gannon of the Oakland Raiders was the game's MVP.


Andy Reid

Andrew Walter Reid (born March 19, 1958) is an American football coach who is the head coach for the Kansas City Chiefs of the National Football League (NFL). Reid was also head coach of the Philadelphia Eagles from 1999 to 2012.

2003–04 NFL playoffs

The National Football League playoffs for the 2003 season began on January 3, 2004. The playoffs ended with the New England Patriots beating the Carolina Panthers in Super Bowl XXXVIII, 32–29, on February 1, at Reliant Stadium in Houston, Texas.



College of San Mateo

College of San Mateo (CSM) is a public community college in San Mateo, California.

War of the First Coalition

The War of the First Coalition () was a series of wars between 1792 and 1797. The wars were fought between several European countries. They were first fought against the constitutional Kingdom of France and then the French Republic. The other countries did not fight together. There was very little agreement. Each country wanted a different part of France after a French defeat. This defeat never happened.

Tony Graziani

Anthony Robert Graziani (born December 23, 1973) used to be an American football quarterback who played for the Atlanta Falcons in the National Football League (NFL).


Can the Can

"Can the Can" is a 1973 song by American rock singer Suzi Quatro. It topped the single charts in Australia, Germany, Switzerland and the United Kingdom. It was belatedly hit in the United States where it charted at #56.

Prayer for the Dying

"Prayer for the Dying" is a 1994 song by British soul singer Seal. It is the leading single from his second studio album "Seal". It went to number 2 in both Canada and Iceland.




My People Were Fair and Had Sky in Their Hair... But Now They're Content to Wear Stars on Their Brows

My People Were Fair and Had Sky in Their Hair... But Now They're Content to Wear Stars on Their Brows is the first album by Tyrannosaurus Rex (later named T. Rex). T. Rex was a psychedelic folk band. It was released on 5 July 1965. It was released by Regal Zonophone (a record label).

The album went to number 15 on the UK Album Chart when it was released. In 1972, it was released as a double album. The other album on the double album was "" (1968). The double album went to number one on the UK Album Chart. The double album has the longest name of any album to go to number one in the UK.

The album was released again in 1985, 2004 and 2015.

The Fugitive (1910 movie)

The Fugitive is a 1910 American silent drama movie directed by D. W. Griffith and stars Kate Bruce, Edward Dillon, and Clara T. Bracy.


The Girl Spy Before Vicksburg

The Girl Spy Before Vicksburg is a 1910 American silent war drama movie directed by Sidney Olcott and stars Gene Gauntier, Robert Vignola, JP McGowan, and Jack J. Clark.


The Girl Strike Leader

The Girl Strike Leader is a 1910 American silent drama movie. It stars Anna Rosemond, Frank H. Crane, and Violet Heming.

The Girls He Left Behind Him and The Iron Clad Lover

The Girls He Left Behind Him and The Iron Clad Lover is a 1910 American silent comedy movie. It stars G.W. Abbe, Justus D. Barnes, and Frank H. Crane.

The Girls of the Ghetto

The Girls of the Ghetto is a 1910 American silent drama movie. It stars Marie Eline and Anna Rosemond.


Gone to Coney Island and Booming Business

Gone to Coney Island and Booming Business is a 1910 American silent comedy movie. It stars Anna Rosemond, Frank H. Crane, and Violet Heming.

The movie tells about a maid named Kate who works at Mrs. Green's house. Her lover works in Coney Island and asks to leave the family and get a job as a salesman, but Mrs. Green is against it.

The Governor's Daughter

The Governor's Daughter is a 1910 American silent drama movie. It stars Anna Rosemond and Frank H. Crane.

The movie is about a convict named Bill Raymond who goes to prison for a long time and a girl who rides with him on the train and takes pity on him.

Unsworth Heights

Unsworth Heights is a suburb in Auckland's North Shore. New Zealand State Highway 18 runs through the suburb. It has a school called Westminster Christian School and was established in 1981.

Nanda (Hinduism)

Nanda (also known as Mandaladhish Nanda Rai or Nanda Baba), according to the "Harivamsha" and the "Puranas", was the head of the Gopas tribe of Yadava cowherds referred as "Holy Gwals". Nanda was a Kshatriya and a King. He is popularly known as the foster-father of Krishna. Nandvanshi Ahirs are descendants of Nanda. 

Nanda was the Chief or Mandaladhish of Gokul Mandal that was one of the most powerful Divisional area of Yadava. Nanda was brother (cousin) of King Vasudeva. Vasudeva, took his new-born son Krishna to Nanda on the night of the child's birth so that Nanda could raise him. Nanda, who was married to Yasoda, brought up both Krishna and Balarama. Krishna derives his name "Nandanandana" (meaning son of Nanda) from him.

Saltwater fish

Saltwater fish, also called marine fish or sea fish, are fish that live in seawater. Saltwater fish can swim and live alone or in a large group called a school.

Saltwater fish are very commonly kept in aquariums for entertainment. Many saltwater fish are also caught to be eaten, or grown in aquaculture. However, many fish species have been overfished and are otherwise threatened by marine pollution or ecological changes caused by climate change.

Saltwater fish live in the ocean. For example, the butterfly kingfish lives in the ocean. This ray-finned fish has had many common names, including big-scaled mackerel, bigscale mackerel, common gasterochisma, gasterochisma, butterfly mackerel, butterfly tuna, pachycormid, little pachycormid, scaled tunny, scaly tuna, and others.

Saltwater fish face many threats. Common threats include overfishing, pollution, habitat loss, destruction, climate change, and invasive species. These threats come with a multitude of negative direct and indirect affects to marine ecosystems.

Overfishing is the most common cause of fish declining. Not too many of us are overfishing, since most coral reefs are protected. However, since fish is a popular food, we are trying to catch fish with nets.




Heartbeat City (song)

"Heartbeat City" is a 1985 song by American rock new wave band The Cars and is the sixth and final single from their 5th studio album "Heartbeat City". It went to number 75 in Australia and number 78 in the United Kingdom. It did not chart in the United States.

Cost-plus pricing

Cost-plus pricing is a pricing strategy. The selling price of a product is the price at which it was bought, plus a certain desired rate of return. An alternative pricing method is value-based pricing.

Cost-plus pricing has often been used for government contracts. It has been criticized because it reduces the incentive for suppliers to control direct, indirect and fixed costs

Companies using this strategy need to record their costs in detail to ensure they have a good understanding of their overall costs. This information is necessary to generate accurate cost estimates.

Cost-plus pricing is very common for utilities and products that are manufactured to the buyer's specification, such as for military procurement.

Rien van den Heuvel

Don Rien van den Heuvel (1938 – 28 December 2022) was a Dutch monk. He was professed for 64 years and a priest for 58 years. He served as the abbot of the St. Paul's Abbey between 1985 and 2007 of the St. Willibrord's Abbey between 2007 and 2015. 

Van de Heuvel was born in Dordrecht in 1938. After primary school he attended seminary, like his two years older brother. He became a monk in 1956 at the St. Paul's Abbey in Oosterhout. The monastery from which the St. Willibrord's Abbey of Doetinchem was founded in 1945. He was interim superior of the abbey for nine years. From 1985 to 2007 he was the fourth abbot of St. Paul's Abbey. After the abdication of at the St. Willibrord's Abbey he became the third elected abbot of St. Willibrord's Abbey on 3 September 2007. During his leadership, the number of monks grew from five to eleven. Interest in visiting the abbey also grew. He held this position until 2015.

Van den Heuvel died after a short illness in a care center in Nijmegen on 28 December 2022, at the age of 84.

Volgodonsk

Volgodonsk () is a city in Rostov Oblast, Russia. It is in the east of the oblast. It is on the west side of the Tsimlyansk Reservoir. Population: 28,000 (1970).

Volgodonsk was founded in 1950. It was a small settlement for the Tsimlyansk hydroelectric dam workers. It grew because of the building of the Volga–Don Canal. It became a city in 1956. 

On September 16, 1999 a truck bomb exploded outside an apartment building. It killed 17 people and injured 69 more people. It was the fifth explosion in a series of apartment bombings in Russia that killed more than 300 people.

Volgodonsk is in the eastern part of Rostov Oblast. It is between Rostov-on-Don and Volgograd. Other big cities close to it include Stavropol, Krasnodar, and Elista. It is in the Salsky Steppes.

Volgodonsk has a continental climate. It has cold winters and warm summers.

Volgodonsk has one of the bigger economies of Rostov Oblast. Nuclear power is the main industry in the city. Volgodonsk has the Atommash factory in it. This factory makes nuclear reactors and heavy machines. The factory makes Rosatom's VVER type pressurized water reactors too. Four of these reactors (VVER-1000 model) generated about 26 600 GWh of electricity at the Rostov nuclear power plant. This nuclear power plant is 18 km from the city center.

Volgodonsk is one of the bigger cultural centers of Rostov Oblast. There are six art schools, two museums, seventeen historical and cultural sites, and three buildings that are architectural monuments of regional importance. The Cathedral of the Nativity is also in Volgodonsk.




Bobbie Ann Mason

Bobbie Ann Mason (born May 1, 1940) is an American novelist, short story writer, essayist, and literary critic from western Kentucky.

Mason was born in Mayfield, Kentucky and lived on a dairy farm that her family owned. In 1962 she graduated from the University of Kentucky. She then went to the State University of New York at Binghamton for her M. A. (masters degree). She got her Ph.D. (doctoral degree) in literature from the University of Connecticut in 1972.

Magazines like "The Atlantic" and "The New Yorker" printed her early stories. Her first collection, "Shiloh and Other Stories", came out in 1982. It won the PEN/Hemingway Award and was nominated for the National Book Award, the PEN/Faulkner Award, and the National Book Critics Circle Award.


Family Jr.

Family Jr. is a Canadian television channel for children. It is a part of the specialty channel Family Channel. The channet is aimed at viewers between the ages of 2 and 7 years old.

The channel started on November 30, 2007. It was a Canadian version of Playhouse Disney, under license from Disney Channels Worldwide It changed to Disney Junior in 2011. Astral Media was bought by Bell Media. This caused Family Channel and Disney Junior to be a part of DHX Media (now WildBrain) in 2014.

In 2015, DHX lost its rights to Disney programming. The name of DHX's Disney Junior channel was changed to Family Jr in September 2015. It was a brand extension of Family Channel.

Along with its French-language counterpart, Télémagino, Family Jr. can be watched in over 4 million Canadian homes. This started in 2013.

Programs in bold indicate that the programs moved to new Disney Junior (Canadian TV channel)


Adele Givens

Willadele Givens is an American comedian, actress, and writer. She is from Chicago, Illinois. She has had this career from 1989 to now. She has appeared in the shows The Hughleys, Moesha, The Parkers, Central Comedy Presents, and more.

Bernd Neuendorf

Bernd Johannes Neuendorf is a German politician, journalist and football administrator who is currently serving as the president of the German Football Association. He had previously served as the president of the Middle Rhine Football Association from 2019 until his election as DFB president in 2022. 
Born: July 6, 1961 (age 61 years), Düren, Germany
Nationality: German
Party: Social Democratic Party of Germany
Education: University of Bonn
Children: 2

Cornufer aculeodactylus

The Torokina wrinkled ground frog ("Cornufer aculeodactylus") is a frog. It lives in Bouganville in Papua New Guinea and in the Soloman Islands.

Nikos Skylakakis

Nikos Skylakakis (; 22 June 1923 – 3 January 2023) was a Greek basketball player. He was a player of the Greece men's national basketball team and Panellinios B.C.. He later also played with Α.Ο. Triton. With the national team, he won the bronze medal at EuroBasket 1949.

Skylakakis died in Athens on 3 January 2023, at the age of 99.

Kevin Hern

Kevin Ray Hern (born December 4, 1961) is an American businessman and politician. He is a Republican. He is a member of the United States House of Representatives for since 2018.

In the eighth ballot of the 2023 Speaker of the House of Representatives election, Hern received 2 votes, while he himself voted for Kevin McCarthy. He was nominated on the ninth round of voting by Lauren Boebert. He received 3 votes.

Paper Planes (song)

Paper Planes is an alternative hip hop song by British hip hop artist M.I.A.. It was released on February 11, 2008. It is from her second studio album, Kala. The song samples the 1982 song Straight to Hell by British rock band The Clash. Because of this, the members of the band were credited as co-writers. The song also combines with African folk music.

The song did very well, making it M.I.A.'s biggest commercial success. It is because it reached the top 20 in several countries. This includes Denmark and the United Kingdom. It also peaked at number 4 on the US Billboard Hot 100. Because of this, it made it M.I.A.'s first and only song to chart in the US top 100 as a lead artist.

There was a music video for this song. It was recorded by Bernard Gourley. It took place in Bedford-Stuyvesant, Brooklyn, New York. It depicts M.I.A. as an undercover dealer. It also features images of paper planes flying overhead. MTV censored the cannabis references and gunshot sounds in the song. This upset M.I.A., as she expressed it on her MySpace account.

This song also gained controversy. Due to the gunshot noises, it resembles M.I.A.'s criticism of the ongoing war crimes in Sri Lanka. Due to M.I.A. sharing ethnic tamil backgrounds, some have theories that M.I.A. supported terrorism. She was also a supporter of the Tamil Tigers. This also led to death threats.

Albert Medal (Royal Society of Arts)

The Albert Medal of the Royal Society of Arts (RSA) was created in 1864. It was created as a memorial to Prince Albert. He had been president of the Society for 18 years. It was first given out in 1864 for "distinguished merit in promoting Arts, Manufactures and Commerce". The Society gives the award to people, organizations and groups that create positive change in modern society in areas that are a part the Society's agenda.

The award has been given to a large range of people. These include world-renowned scientists, artists, and social campaigners. They include:


Kidane Zekarias Habtemariam

Kidane Zekarias Habtemariam is an Eritrean human trafficker. He was wanted for large-scale human trafficking of people from Africa to Europe. He is described as "one of the world's most notorious and most brutal human traffickers".

Habtemariam smuggled migrants from Eritrea, Ethiopia, Somalia and Sudan, through Libya to Europe. Victims faced aggravated beatings, kidnappings and rapings. The man is said to have earned as much money as possible of migrants. He operated a warehouse - Bani Walid in Libya. According to the Dutch Public Prosecution Service he led an 'extremely violent criminal organization'.

Habtemariam worked with another human trafficker, Tewelde Goitom.

In 2020 Habtemariam was arrested in Ethiopia. In 2021 he escaped custody. He was later sentenced in absentia to life in prison. The United Arab Emirates tracked him down in a money laundering investigation. He was arrested on 1 January 2023 in Sudan.

H.A.M.

H•A•M is a hardcore hip hop/trap song by American rappers Jay-Z and Kanye West. It was released on January 11, 2010. It is from their collaborative studio album Watch the Throne. The song's title stands for "Hard As a Motherfucker". Several rappers remixed this song. A few examples are Ace Hood and Busta Rhymes. The song was featured in the 2012 film Project X. It peaked at number 23 on the Billboard Hot 100.

William Styron

William Clark Styron Jr. (June 11, 1925 – November 1, 2006) was an American novelist and essayist. He wrote five novels and other books of essays and life stories (memoir).

Styron was born and raised in Newport News, Virginia. He had a hard time at a number of schools, but he graduated from Christchurch School in southeast Virginia in 1942. 

In college during World War II, he joined the Marines’ reserve officer training program. In July 1945 he was given a job to help with the invasion of Japan, but the war ended a month later. He soon left the Marines and went back to graduate from Duke University in 1947.

In the 1950s he lived in Paris. With other young writers, he helped to begin a magazine called "The Paris Review". 

During the ten years from 1951 to 1960, he published his first three novels ("Lie Down in Darkness", "The Long March", and "Set This House on Fire"). His fourth novel, "The Confessions of Nat Turner" was both popular and a problem. It won the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction in 1968. But many Black readers and critics did not like the book. The book was written in the voice of a 19th century Black man. They thought that Styron, a White author, did not understand the ways of African Americans.

Styron took more than ten years to write his last novel, "Sophie's Choice". This book looks at a character who lived through the Nazi death camp of Auschwitz. It was also popular and a problem. A movie was made from this book in 1982.

In 1990, Styron published "Darkness Visible". This book told a story of his own life, about having the mental illness of depression. One reason he wrote it was to go against an idea of that time that depression was a shameful thing.

When he died in 2006, one obituary praised him as "a courageous writer who in a long career never played it safe, either with himself or his talent." 


Hey DJ (song)

"Hey DJ" is a latin pop/reggaeton song by Latin boy band CNCO. It was released on April 4, 2017. It is from their titular second studio album "CNCO (album)". There were two versions of the song that were released at the same time. The two singles were a solo pop version, and a reggaeton version featuring additional verses from Puerto Rican singer Yandel. A remixed version featuring Meghan Trainor and Sean Paul was released on November 9, 2018.

Consequence (publication)

Consequence (previously Consequence of Sound) is an independently owned online magazine that features news, editorials, and reviews of music, movies, and television. The magazine also has the Festival Outlook micro-site, which serves as an online database for music festival news and rumors. In 2018, Consequence of Sound launched Consequence Podcast Network.

Uproxx

Uproxx (stylized in all caps) is a news website covering entertainment and popular culture in the United States. Jarret Myer and Brian Brater founded it in 2008, and Woven Digital (later known as Uproxx Media Group) purchased it in 2014. Men ages 18 to 34 make up the site's intended audience. It was obtained by Warner Music Group in August 2018, with Myer and CEO Benjamin Blank remaining in control of the company's operations.

HipHopDX

HipHopDX is an American online magazine of hip hop music criticism and news. The website's current president and publisher is Sharath Cherian and the Head Of Content is Jerry L. Barrow. "HipHopDX" is the flagship publication of Cheri Media Group. In September 2020, the website was acquired by Warner Music Group. "HipHopDX" was nominated for "Best Hip Hop Online Site" at the 2012 BET Hip Hop Awards. 

1998 Rose Bowl

The 1998 Rose Bowl was a college football bowl game played on January 1, 1998. It was part of the 1997–98 college bowl season. As part of the Rose Bowl Game, it was played at the Rose Bowl stadium in Pasadena, California.

Clash (magazine)

Clash is a British music and fashion magazine and website in the United Kingdom. It is published four times a year by Music Republic Ltd, whose predecessor Clash Music Ltd went into liquidation.

The magazine won the Best New Magazine award in 2004 at the PPA Magazine Awards and has won other awards in England and Scotland. Most notably, it won Magazine of the Year at the 2011 Record of the Day Awards.

2005 New England Patriots season

The 2005 season was the New England Patriots' 36th in the National Football League (NFL), their 46th total and their sixth under head coach Bill Belichick.

2005–06 NFL playoffs

The National Football League playoffs for the 2005 season began on January 7, 2006. The playoffs ended with the Pittsburgh Steelers beating the Seattle Seahawks in Super Bowl XL, 21–10, on February 5, at Ford Field in Detroit, Michigan.

Exclaim!

Exclaim!, is a Canadian music and entertainment magazine with offices in Toronto that offers in-depth coverage of new music in all genres with a concentration on up-and-coming acts from Canada. A total of 103,000 copies of Exclaim!'s monthly print magazines are distributed to more than 2,600 sites across Canada in its seven annual issues. The magazine has an average of 361,200 monthly readers and their website, exclaim.ca, has an average of 675,000 unique visitors a month. 

American Songwriter

American Songwriter is an American bimonthly magazine that talks about songwriting. It was created in 1984 and has interviews, songwriting tips, news, reviews and lyric contest. The magazine is based in Nashville, Tennessee.

The Fader

The Fader (stylized as FADER) is an American magazine based in New York City that was made in 1999 by Rob Stone and Jon Cohen. The magazine talks about music, style and culture. It was the first print publication to be released on iTunes. It is owned by The Fader Media group, which also includes its website, thefader.com, as well as Fader films, Fader Label and Fader TV.

HotNewHipHop

HotNewHipHop (HNHH) is an online publication that covers daily news about hip hop and pop culture, including streetwear, sports, and sneakers. HotNewHipHop also creates the video series'; "How to Roll", "On The Come Up", "In My Bag", and "Snack Review". The site was nominated a lot of times for the BET Hip Hop Awards for "The Best Hip Hop Platform."

New York (magazine)

New York is an American biweekly magazine that covers culture, politics, and style generally, and with a particular emphasis on New York City. 

It was created by Milton Glaser and Clay Felker in 1968 as a competitor to "The New Yorker." Over time, it became more national in scope, publishing many noteworthy articles on American culture by writers such as Tom Wolfe, Jimmy Breslin, Nora Ephron, John Heilemann, Frank Rich, and Rebecca Traister. In 2009, its paid and verified circulation was 408,622, with 95.8% of that coming from subscriptions. 

Its websites — "NYmag.com", "Vulture", the "Cut," "Grub Street, and more" — receive visits from more than 14 million users per month.

Karl Heinrich Ulrichs

Karl Heinrich Ulrichs (28 August 1825 – 14 July 1895) was a German lawyer, jurist, journalist, and writer. He is said to be a pioneer of sexology and the modern gay rights movement. 

Ulrichs was born in the East Frisian village of Westerfeld (today in Aurich). It was in the Kingdom of Hanover at the time. His father was a Lutheran pastor. Ulrichs said that he felt different from other boys when he was young. He said he liked the bright colors of military uniforms and women's clothing. He graduated in law and theology from Göttingen University in 1846. He studied history at Berlin University from 1846 to 1848.

Ulrichs worked as a lawyer for the civil service in the Kingdom of Hannover from 1849 to 1854. He went to the court in 1853. He was an assistant judge in the court of Hildesheim. He resigned on 30 November 1854 after a blackmail attempt meant his sexuality was known by many people. 
In 1862, Ulrichs told his family and friends that he was gay. He started writing under the pseudonym of "Numa Numantius". His first five essays, named "Forschungen über das Rätsel der mannmännlichen Liebe" ("Studies on the Riddle of Male-Male Love"), said that gay love was natural and biological. He used the Latin phrase "anima muliebris virili corpore inclusa" (a female psyche trapped in a male body). Ulrichs made many words for different sexual orientations in his essays. These words include "Urning" for a man who is attracted to men (English "Uranian"), and "Dioning" for a man who is attracted women. Ulrichs also made words for the female versions ("Urningin" and "Dioningin"), and for bisexuals and intersex people.
In the 1860s, Ulrichs moved around Germany. He was always writing and publishing. He was always in trouble with the law for his words. In 1864, his books were taken and banned by police in Saxony. Later the same thing happened in Berlin. His books were banned in Prussia. Some of these papers were found in the Prussian state archives. They were published in 2004. Many of Ulrichs' most important books have been published.

Ulrichs was a patriotic Hanoverian. When Prussia annexed Hanover in 1866, he was put in jail for going against Prussian rule. The next year he left Hanover and moved to Munich. There he talked to the Association of German Jurists about the need to reform German laws against homosexuality. Later he lived in Würzburg and Stuttgart.

In 1868, the Austrian writer Karl-Maria Kertbeny created the word "homosexual" in a letter to Ulrichs. From the 1870s sexual orientation began to be widely talked about. 

In 1879, Ulrichs published the twelfth and final book of his "Research on the Riddle of Man-Manly Love". He was in poor health and left Germany for Italy. For many years he traveled around the country before living in L'Aquila. There his health got better.

He kept writing and publishing his papers. In 1895, he got an honorary diploma from the University of Naples. Shortly after this he died in L'Aquila.




Revolt (TV network)

Revolt is an American music-oriented digital cable television network founded by Sean "Diddy" Combs and Andy Schuon that was created on October 21, 2013.

E!

E! (an initialism for Entertainment Television) is an American basic cable channel which focuses on pop culture, celebrity focused reality shows, and movies, owned by the NBC Universal Television and Streaming division of NBCUniversal, a division of Comcast. As of January 2016, E! is available to 92.4 million households in the United States.

Titanite

Titanite, or sphene (from the Greek "sphenos" (σφηνώ), meaning wedge), is a calcium titanium silicate mineral. Its chemical formula is CaTiSiO. Iron and aluminium are sometimes found in it. Also sometimes found in it are rare earth metals including cerium and yttrium, and the actinide thorium.


2022 Buffalo Bills season

The 2022 season is the Buffalo Bills' 53rd in the National Football League (NFL), their 63rd as a team and their eighth full season where Terry and Kim Pegula own the team.

Notes

Justin Fields

Justin Skyler Fields (born March 5, 1999) is an American football quarterback for the Chicago Bears of the National Football League (NFL).


Among the Living

Among the Living is the third studio album by Anthrax. Anthrax is an American thrash metal band. The album was released on March 16, 1987. It is made for Cliff Burton of Metallica. Burton died in a bus accident six months before the album was released. The accident happened when Metallica was on tour with Anthrax.

"Among the Living" made Anthrax much more popular. Many people think it is the album that made the band one of the "Big Four" thrash metal bands. The other three bands are Metallica, Megadeth and Slayer. The album was certified gold by the RIAA. "Rolling Stone" said it was one of the best heavy metal albums ever made.

Paper (magazine)

Paper (also known as Paper Mag) is an American independent magazine. It primarily focuses on fashion, popular culture, nightlife, music, art, and film. They originally produced every month. Later the magazine became a quarterly publication. A digital version was made available online at "papermag.com". In 2020, physical production of the magazine has stopped because of the arrival of the COVID-19 pandemic in the United States. Digital content still continues to be published through the website.

United Press International

United Press International (UPI) is an American international news agency. Its newswires, photo, news film, and audio services have given news material to thousands of newspapers, magazines, radio and television stations for most of the 20th century. Since cutbacks in 1982 and the sale of its broadcast client list to the Associated Press in 1999, UPI has concentrated on smaller markets.

Without You (Quavo song)

"Without You" is a song by American rapper Quavo. It was released on January 4, 2023, as a standalone single. The song is a tribute to Quavo's nephew and fellow Migos rapper Takeoff who was shot and killed on November 1, 2022. 

On November 1, 2022, Migos rapper Takeoff was shot and killed at the age of 28 during a party with about 40 to 50 people at a bowling alley in downtown Houston where he and fellow Migos member Quavo were at. According to the police, there was a fight over a "lucrative" game of dice, but Takeoff was just "an innocent bystander" and not involved. After Takeoff's memorial ceremony in Atlanta on November 11, 2022, Quavo wrote a post in which he recalled their shared childhood collecting WWE action figures and Takeoff's love of music. 

Less than a month before his murder, Takeoff and Quavo released their first collaborative album, "Only Built For Infinity Links", which was released in October 2022 under their group name Unc & Phew. On January 4, 2023, Quavo released "Without You" as a standalone single with the message "Long Live Take Infinity" on social media. It was not made available on streaming services. "Without You" was Quavo's first song to be released since Takeoff's death. The song was produced by The Zaytoven, Mike Dean, Elyas, and Eugene.

Musically, "Without You" is a gospel track. Jordan Darville for "The Fader" said the song is a "raw transmission of the memories, regrets, and hopes that have been swarming through Quavo's mind since Takeoff's passing". Grant Rindner of "GQ" described "Without You" as a "slow, pensive" track that was a "departure from the usual musical style of Quavo and Migos". Alex Hudson for "Exclaim!" said the song is a "soulful expression of loss". Aron A. of "HotNewHipHop" said that Quavo "delves into his auto-tuned harmonies for a heartbreaking dedication over Murda Beatz’s production".

The song begins begins with an intro from American rapper Vory. Quavo sings using auto-tune over a reflective, minimal beat with melancholy production. He sings about both the good and bad moments he had with Takeoff, including "smoking big blunts", performing live at Coachella, and growing up in Atlanta's Northside together. Quavo makes a promise that he will see Takeoff in heaven repeatedly throughout the song while singing over a gloomy guitar accompaniment. He then sings about "Only Built For Infinity Links" and makes reference to Takeoff's mother's suffering due to her son's death. He mentions that Takeoff's absence is felt most deeply around Christmas and birthdays, saying it greatly affected those who loved him. Quavo later raps about wanting to bring Takeoff back on a time machine, but knows it is not possible. Quavo ends the song by saying Takeoff's name in a long sigh before concluding, "Take, I'm sorry."

On the same day as the single, a lyric video for "Without You" was made available. The minimalist video was shot in one-take in black-and-white monochromatic and made in greyscale. The lyric video shows Quavo as he sits in a chair in a music studio, smoking a blunt while his eyes are closed and lost in his thoughts. His thoughts are expressed through lyrics that scroll across the bottom of the video. The video ends with the song's lyrics written on a piece of paper with Takeoff's name on the side that is folded origami-style into a rocket ship that blasts out to space, a tribute to Takeoff's rocket mantra. Amber Corrine of "Vibe" magazine called the video "simple, yet poignant" and said it has "emotional raw footage". Alli Patton of "American Songwriter" said the blunt Quavo was smoking was like a "votive candle to the late rapper".

Patton called the song's beat "haunting". Writing for "HipHopDX", Andy Bustard called "Without You" a "tender, somber track". "Clash" magazine described the song as a "profoundly moving experience, a naked exploration of sudden loss". Gil Kaufman of "Billboard" stated that the track is a "somber homage and a tear-stained list of cherished memories". The staff of TMZ claimed the song was "incredibly moving material". Jack Irvin of "People" magazine called the track "an emotional tribute", while Regina Cho for Revolt called it a "heartfelt offering". Matt Moen for "Paper" magazine said the song was Quavo's "more somber offerings". Sarah Kearn of "Hypebeast" called it a "moving new single".

Hanako (fish)

Hanako (c. 1751 – July 7, 1977) was a bright red koi fish owned by several individuals, the last owner of Hanako was Dr. Komei Koshihara. The name translates to "flower child" in Japanese. Far going beyond the average lifespan for her breed, she was 226 years old at the time of her death. Her age was determined in 1966 by removing two of her scales and examining them a lot. At this time, Hanako weighed and measured in length. Once the scales were fully and carefully studied, it was determined that she was 215 years old. In July 1974, a study of the growth rings of one of the koi's scales reported that Hanako was 226 years old. She may be, to date, the longest-lived koi fish ever recorded. There has been an argument as to the truthfulness of these longevity claims.

The average koi raised outside of Japan can be expected to reach 15 years of age, while the average Japanese koi's lifespan is 40 years. Some sources give an accepted age for the species at little more than 50 years.

Pasta sauce

Pasta sauce is a type of sauce made to be served with pasta, a type of food made from wheat and water. There are many different types of pasta sauce, each with its own unique flavor and ingredients. Some common ingredients in pasta sauce include tomatoes, olive oil, garlic, onions, and herbs like basil and oregano. Pasta sauce can be homemade or store-bought.

One popular type of pasta sauce is marinara sauce, which is made with tomatoes, garlic, and herbs. Another popular type is Alfredo sauce, which is made with butter, cream, and Parmesan cheese. There is also Bolognese sauce, which is a meat-based sauce made with ground beef, onions, and tomatoes.

The process of making pasta sauce is starts by heating some olive oil in a pan and adding chopped garlic and onions. Then, adding canned tomatoes or fresh tomatoes that have been pureed, and any other ingredients such as vegetables or meat. Bring the sauce to a boil and then let it simmer for a while to let the flavors combine. Finally, the sauce is seasoned with salt, pepper, and herbs to taste.

Pasta sauce can be enjoyed with many different types of pasta, such as spaghetti, penne, or fettuccine.

2002–03 NFL playoffs

The National Football League playoffs for the 2002 season started on January 4, 2003. The playoffs ended with the Tampa Bay Buccaneers beating the Oakland Raiders in Super Bowl XXXVII, 48–21, on January 26, at Qualcomm Stadium in San Diego, California.


2004–05 NFL playoffs

The National Football League playoffs for the 2004 season started on January 8, 2005. The playoffs ended with the New England Patriots beating the Philadelphia Eagles in Super Bowl XXXIX, 24–21, on February 6, at Alltel Stadium in Jacksonville, Florida.


Down (gridiron football)

A down is a time in which a play happens in gridiron football. The team with the football has a number of downs (four in American football, three in Canadian football) to go ten yards or more towards their opponent's goal line. If they do not go that far, the ball is turned over to the other team. A lot of times, if a team reaches their final down they will punt to their opponent, which makes their opponent to begin from further down the field; if they are close enough, they might instead try to score a field goal.

Super Bowl XLI

Super Bowl XLI (Super Bowl 41) was an American football game played between the American Football Conference (AFC) champion Indianapolis Colts and the National Football Conference (NFC) champion Chicago Bears to choose the National Football League (NFL) champion for the 2006 season. The Colts beat the Bears by the score of 29–17. The game was played on February 4, 2007, at Dolphin Stadium in Miami Gardens, Florida.

Jaigaon

Jaigaon is a census town in Alipurduar subdivision of Alipurduar district in the Indian state of West Bengal. It is located on the border of India and Bhutan. "Bhutan Gate" separates the two countries. Phuentsholing is the nearest city in Bhutan to Jaigaon. Bhutan does not have roads linking to all its towns. The roads through Jaigaon are often used to reach places such as Samtse, Gomtu, Nganglam and Samdrup Jongkhar.

Phuentsholing

Phuentsholing is a city in Bhutan.

Hasimara

Hasimara is a town in West Bengal.

Shen Lyu-shun

Shen Lyu-shun (; 12 November 1949 – 6 January 2023) was a Taiwanese diplomat. He was notably the representative of Taiwan to the United Kingdom from 2011 to 2014 and to the United States from 2014 to 2016. He was the representative to the European Union and Belgium from 2008 to 2009. He was also deputy minister of foreign affairs from 2009 to 2011. Shen was born in Taipei.

Shen died on 6 January 2023 in New Taipei. He was 73.

Birpara

Birpara is a census town in West Bengal, India.

Madarihat

Madarihat is a town in West Bengal.

Loekie Roeg-Rogge

Loekie Roeg-Rogge (13 March 1941 – 25 December 2022) was a Dutch field hockey umpire.

Roeg-Rogge made her international umpire debut in 1978. As international umpire, Roeg-Rogge was umpire of 58 international senior matches and eight international under-21 matches. She was umpire at the 1980 Summer Olympics in Moscow and 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles. She was also umpire at multipe European Championships and World Cups, including at the 1983 Women's Hockey World Cup in Kuala Lumpur. At the 1984 she was the manager of all field hockey umpires. She retired as umpire after the 1984 Summer Olympics.

Roeg-Rogge received the Golden Whistle Award of the FIH in 1984. She was the first Dutch umpire and the first woman to receive this award. To receive this award, a umpire should normally have refereed at least over hundred matches. While Roeg-Rogge refereed less than 100 international matches, she received the award as a token of appreciation As of 2023, she was one of four Dutch ladies who had received this award.

Rogge was born in Amsterdam in 1941. Her father was known international field hockey umpire Herman Rogge, who was the umpire at the 1948 Summer Olympics final. She married to Jacob Rog on 1 December 1971. At that time they lived both in Diemen. She lived in Bergen op Zoom in 1984. Roeg-Rogge died in Veere on 25 December 2022, at the age of 81.

Potter, Kansas

Potter is an unincorporated community in Atchison County, Kansas, United States. It is on highway K-74. It is south of Atchison.

Potter grew in 1886 because of railroad being built there. It was named for Joseph Potter, a pioneer settler.

Potter had a post office with ZIP code 66077. It opened on May 14, 1865, and closed on May 16, 2009.


Administrative divisions of Chuvashia

The Chuvash Republic is divided into 21 districts, 9 cities/towns, 7 urban-type settlements, 351 Selsoviets, and 1,723 rural localities.

Kanash

Kanash (; , "Kanaş", lit. "soviet") is a town in the Chuvash Republic, Russia. It has a big railway junction. It is from Cheboksary, the capital of the republic. Population: 

It was founded in 1891. From 1891 to 1925 it was named Shikhrany ().

Kanash grew in the late 19th century because of the construction of a railroad in the town.

Kanash became a town in 1925. At the time, its population was around 2,200.



Ham sandwich

The ham sandwich is a popular type of sandwich. The bread could be toasted or fresh. It could also have toppings, like cheese and vegetables like lettuce, tomato, onion or pickle. It could also have mustard and mayo. 

The most popular type of ham sandwich is the ham and cheese sandwich.

Montour Falls, New York

Montour Falls is a village in Schuyler County, New York, United States. It had a population of 1,635 at the 2020 census. It gets its name from a waterfall at the end of West Main Street. The name "Montour" comes from Queen Catharine Montour. She was a Native American woman of Seneca Indian heritage who lived at the village in the 18th century.

Natasha Trethewey

Natasha Trethewey (born April 26, 1966) is an American poet and teacher. From 2012 to 2014 she was the poet laureate consultant in poetry for the Library of Congress. In 2012 she was also the poet laureate of the state of Mississippi.

She has written five books of poetry, a memoir, and a work of non-fiction. Her third poetry collection won the Pulitzer Prize for Poetry in 2007.

She was born in Gulfport, Mississippi to an African American mother and a white Canadian father. This fact of coming from parents of different races plays an important part in her writing. After her parents' divorce, she learned that "when she was with her father she could pass for white and be treated more equally than when she was among her mother’s people."



VRChat

VRChat is a virtual reality online game created for Meta, Rift, PCVR, and SteamVR headsets by Graham Gaylor. VRChat was released in beta on Oculus (now Meta) Rift headsets on January 16, 2014. The game was fully released for free early access on February 1, 2017 on Steam.

VRChat started off in beta for a prototype Oculus Rift headset. As the beta was developed and turned into early access it allowed for more platforms such as the Meta Quest headsets.

VRChat allows users to earn trust ranks by spending time on the game, making friends, and making content. You start off as a Visitor when you make a new account but if you merge your account on the website you become a New User. Once you make a few friends you'll become a User. After a while spent making more friends or content, you can become a Known User or you can purchase the VRChat Plus subscription and get an automatic rank boost. Once you've been on VRChat for a while you can become a Trusted User.

VRChat lets its users create content for the game such as avatars or worlds. Using software like Unity or Blender you can make your own worlds and avatars. Recently to help with organization, VRChat added a Creator Companion which lets users add packages and sort their projects. VRChat is known for its many of popular worlds such as The Black Cat, Murder 4, etc.

Using third party software VRChat allows PCVR players to use Full-Body Tracking which makes avatars that support it use all of its body parts. On October 27, 2022, VRChat released hand tracking on Meta Quest 2 and Meta Quest Pro headsets. Using the front cameras on the Quest 2 and Quest Pro, it tracks your hands and fingers and utilizes them on avatars that support them and can replace the controllers.

VRChat allows users to purchase a subscription called VRChat Plus (VRC+) which lets users invite other users using custom pictures, have profile pictures and icons by their username, and recently allowed users who have the subscription to make groups, and gives you a higher trust rank or rank boost. You can purchase a month or a year non-renewable subscription for other users but you can only purchase a cancellable renewing month for yourself.

Easy Anti-Cheat (EAC) was added on July 25, 2022 to combat malicious mods on PCVR. However, mods such as Avatar Search were also banned. EAC caused many performance issues to VRChat as some mods that helped with performance on PC and banned lots of other non-malicious mods.

Paul Chato

Paul Chato is a Canadian comedian who was head of comedy at CBC in the late 1980s and early 1990s. He also has a film criticism channel on YouTube called “Call Me Chato”.

2007 NFL season

The 2007 NFL season was the 88th regular season of the National Football League. The season ended with New York Giants defeating the New England Patriots in Super Bowl XLII at University of Phoenix Stadium in Glendale, Arizona on February 3, 2008.


Cornufer neckeri

Necker's wrinkled ground frog ("Cornufer neckeri") is a frog. It lives in Papua New Guinea on Bouganville Island and in the Soloman Islands.

United States Patent and Trademark Office

The United States Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO) is the governmental agency that is responsible for patents and trademarks in the United States. It was created in 1836. The headquarters of the agency in in Washington, D.C.

World Digital Library

The World Digital Library (WDL) is an international digital library. It is operated by UNESCO and the United States Library of Congress.

Second inauguration of William McKinley

The second inauguration of William McKinley as the 25th president of the United States happened on March 4, 1901. The inauguration was the beginning of the second four-year term of William McKinley's second term as president and the only term of Theodore Roosevelt as vice president. McKinley did not finish his second term because he died on September 14, 1901. His vice president, Theodore Roosevelt, would become the next president. 

The ceremony happened on the East Front of the United States Capitol Building in Washington, D.C. It was the 29th presidential inauguration. This was the first inauguration to be held in the 20th century.

Chief Justice Melville Fuller gave the oath of office to McKinley.


Quadratic function

In algebra, Quadratic function is function that contains an expression where its degree (the highest exponent it has) is 2, which means that it is quadratic (See etymology). Its single-variable standard form isː

formula_1

When such a function gets plotted on a graph where formula_2, a curve that extends infinitely called a parabola will appear.

The word "quadratic" comes from the Latin word "quadrātum" ("square"). This is because of the presence of a number (which isformula_3 in the standard form) that is the result of squaring its square root (formula_4).

Duff McKagan

Michael Andrew "Duff" McKagan (born February 5, 1964), is an American musician, best known for being the bass player of the hard rock band Guns N' Roses, with whom he achieved worldwide success in the late 1980s and early 1990s. McKagan rejoined the band in 2016, following their induction into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame.

Solo albums
with Guns N' Roses
with Neurotic Outsiders
with Ten Minute Warning


with Loaded
with Velvet Revolver
with Walking Papers


Frank Ragnow

Frank Ragnow (born May 17, 1996) is an American football center for the Detroit Lions of the National Football League (NFL).

Jeff Okudah

Jeffrey Chidera Okudah (born February 2, 1999) is an American football cornerback for the Atlanta Falcons of the National Football League (NFL). He played college football at Ohio State before being chosen by the Lions in the 2020 NFL Draft.

Henry Ruggs

Henry James Ruggs III (born January 24, 1999) is an American football wide receiver who is a free agent. He played college football at Alabama. Ruggs was chosen by the Raiders in the 2020 NFL Draft. During his second season, Ruggs caused a car crash that killed a 23-year-old woman. He was released by the Raiders the same day.

2022 NFL Draft

The 2022 NFL Draft was the 87th National Football League's yearly draft and was held from April 28–30, 2022, at the Caesars Forum on the Las Vegas Strip in Paradise, Nevada.

The following is the breakdown of the 262 players selected by position:


In the explanations below, (PD) indicates trades completed prior to the start of the draft (i.e. Pre-Draft), while (D) denotes trades that took place during the 2022 draft.

Round one
Round two
Round three
Round four
Round five
Round six
Round seven

Selections removed
Trade references
General references

Travon Walker

Yury Travon Walker (; born December 18, 2000) is an American football outside linebacker for the Jacksonville Jaguars of the National Football League (NFL). He played college football at Georgia. He was chosen first in the 2022 NFL Draft.

Aidan Hutchinson

Aidan Hutchinson (born August 9, 2000) is an American football defensive end for the Detroit Lions of the National Football League (NFL). He played college football at Michigan. Hutchinson was chosen second in the 2022 NFL Draft.

BirdLife International

BirdLife International is a global partnership of non-governmental organizations. It works to protect birds and their habitats. BirdLife International wants to stop extinction of bird species. It wants to protect important places for birds.

2.5 million people are members of its 116 country partner organizations.

BirdLife International has identified 13,000 Important Bird and Biodiversity Areas. It is the official International Union for Conservation of Nature’s Red List authority for birds.

BirdLife International publishes a quarterly magazine, BirdLife: The Magazine.

CNCO

CNCO is a Latin American boy band based in Miami, Florida. The group consists of the members Richard Camacho, Erick Brian Colón, Christopher Vélez and Zabdiel De Jesús. Joel Pimentel, a band member, had departed from the band in May 2021. Their debut and second singles, "Tan Fácil" and "Quisera" charted very well soon after the band's debut. They released their first album, "Reggaetón Lento (Bailemos) in August 2016.

JAO

Jao or JAO may refer to:



Rao (Chinese surname)

Rao () is a Chinese family name. It can also be spelled as "Yow" or "Yaw".


Bacliff, Texas

Bacliff is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Galveston County, Texas, United States.

Bolivar Peninsula, Texas

Bolivar Peninsula is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Galveston County, Texas, United States.

San Leon, Texas

San Leon is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Galveston County, Texas, United States.

Bristol, Texas

Bristol is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Ellis County, Texas, United States.

Samantha Giles

Samantha Elizabeth Giles (born 2 July 1971) is an English actress and author. She is best known for portraying the role of Bernice Blackstock in the ITV soap opera "Emmerdale" (1998–2002, 2004, 2012–2019, 2021–2023).

Giles also portrayed Sally Boothe in the ITV drama series "Where the Heart Is" (2003–2006), and Valerie Holden in the Channel 4 soap opera "Hollyoaks" (2008, 2010).

Giles lives in Liverpool, Merseyside. She has two daughters.

Emma Atkins

Emma Jayne Atkins (born 31 March 1975) is an English actress. She is best known for portraying the role of Charity Dingle in the ITV soap opera "Emmerdale" (2000–2005, 2009–present).

1927–28 Austrian Cup

The 1927-28 Austrian Cup was the cup competition in Austrian football. Lower league clubs playing against higher league teams had to play on pitches commissioned for higher-class teams.

First round with teams from the Second league

Bye:White Star

First round with teams from the highest league




Johann Walzhofer

Johann Walzhofer (23 March 1906 - 1 March 1970 ) was an Austrian football forward. He played for different clubs in Vienna and the Austrian national football team. After his retirement he was also football coach.
He started 1922 with Jedlersdorfer SC. In 1926 he went on to Floridsdorfer AC where he played in spring his first match in the highest league. At the beginning of the 1926/27 season he joined SK Rapid but he did not get a chance in the fighting team. So he went on to Wiener AC. 1927/28 he was top scorer of the team. 1928 they reached the Cupfinal. They lost 2-1 to SK Admira Wien. 1929 he went to Wacker Wien where he stayed till 1944.

During his career, Walzhofer was denied a title at club level. With a total of 178 championship goals he is still one of the 20 most successful goalscorers in the history of Austrian football.
He made his debut for the national team on 6 November 1927 in a 0-1 loss against Italy. After two more games in 1928 there was a longer break. Walzhofer was part of the squad sent to 1934 FIFA World Cup in Italy. He did not play in the tournament The striker played his fifth and last game for Austria on 11 November 1934 against Switzerland.

From January to September 1937, in addition to his playing activities, Walzhofer also worked as a coach at SC Wacker. From 1947 till 1953 he was coach of SK Admira Wien. He was then a coach at SC Gaswerk before retiring from football in 1957.

Paula Quintana

Paula Ximena Quintana Meléndez (26 June 1956 – 6 January 2023) was a Chilean sociologist, academic and politician. She was a professor at the University of Valparaíso. She was a member of the Socialist Party (PS). From 2012 to 2016, she served as a councillor for Valparaíso. She was under president Michelle Bachelet from 2008 to 2010. Quintana was born in Valparaíso

Quintana died following a long illness on 6 January 2023 in Valparaíso. She was 66.


Franz Cisar

Franz Cisar (28 November 1908 – 10 August 1943) was an Austrian football defender.

Franz Cisar began his career with Hertha in the second division. In 1927 they were promoted to the first division. In spring 1929 he went to FK Austria Wien. Soon he went on to Wiener AC. In 1931 they won the Austrian Cup. In the 1931 Mitropa Cup the club reached the final.

In 1935 he went abroad. He first played for Moravská Slavia Brno for a season before moving to FC Metz in France. In 1937 he returned again to Czechoslovakia and played for SK Prostějov.

Franz Cisar made his national team debut on 1 October 1933 in a 2-2 draw against Hungary. He was part of the Austrian team in 1934 FIFA World Cup. The 2-3 loss in the tournament on 7 June 1934 versus Germany was his last match for the team.

He was killed in action in Russia in the World War II in August 1943, aged 34.

Achraf Hakimi

Achraf Hakimi Mouh (; born 4 November 1998) is a Moroccan-Spanish football player. He plays as a right-back for Paris Saint-Germain and the Morocco national team.

Real Madrid Castilla

Real Madrid

Borussia Dortmund

Inter Milan

Paris Saint-Germain

Individual

Orders

Lebrija

Lebrija is a municipality of 27,665 people (2022). It is in the province of Seville in the autonomous community of Andalusia in south Spain. Its area is 372 km², which makes it one of the largest municipalities in the province.

Ageville

Ageville is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Haute-Marne department in northeast France.

Hon-Hergies

Hon-Hergies is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 867 people lived there.


David Penington

David Geoffrey Penington (4 February 1930 – 6 January 2023) was an Australian medical doctor and academic. He was born in Melbourne, Victoria. He was a graduate of the University of Melbourne and University of Oxford. Penington served as vice-chancellor of the University of Melbourne from 1988 to 1995.

Penington died on 6 January 2023, at the age of 92.

Kai Havertz

Kai Lukas Havertz (born 11 June 1999) is a German football player. He plays as an attacking midfielder or forward for Arsenal and the Germany national team.

Bayer Leverkusen

Chelsea

Arsenal
Individual

Orta San Giulio

Orta San Giulio is a "comune" in the Province of Novara in the Piedmont region in Italy.

The town itself is built on a promontory which sticks out from the eastern bank of Lake Orta close to Isola San Giulio. It is well known for the nearby Sacro Monte, a site of pilgrimage and worship. In 2003, the Sacro Monte of Orta was added to the UNESCO World Heritage List.


Saint-Maurice-sur-Moselle

Saint-Maurice-sur-Moselle is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Vosges department in northeast France.

Macadam

Macadam is a type of road making. It was invented by the Scottish engineer John Loudon McAdam, about 1820. 

He put crushed stone in shallow, convex layers and compacted thoroughly (squashed it down). Sometimes a layer of stone dust was covered with a cement or bitumin. This keeps the dust and stones together.

Macadam's ideas were built on the ideas of some earlier road engineers, like Trésaguet and Thomas Telford.

The Romans had not used a binding substance like bitumen. Their roads were nevertheless quite long-lasting.

Mario Artali

Mario Artali (18 November 1938 – 1 January 2023) was an Italian businessman and politician. He was born in Bologna. He was a member of the Socialist Party (PSI). From 1972 to 1976, he served in the Chamber of Deputies.

Artali died on 1 January 2023 in Milan. He was 84.

Utrera

Utrera is a municipality of 51,402 people (2022). It is in the province of Seville in the autonomous community of Andalusia in south Spain.

Giorgio Tombesi

Giorgio Tombesi (22 March 1926 – 3 January 2023) was an Italian politician. He was born in Udine. He was a member of the Christian Democracy (DC) party. From 1976 to 1983, he served in the Chamber of Deputies.

Tombesi died on 3 January 2023 in Trieste. He was 96.

Amorebieta-Etxano

Amorebieta-Etxano, also known as Zornotza (Spanish: "Amorebieta-Echano"), is a town and municipality in Biscay in the Basque Country, an autonomous community in northern Spain.

In 2021, 19,576 people lived there. The mayor is Andoni Agirrebeitia.

Hondeghem

Hondeghem is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 934 people lived there.


Cheb

Cheb () is a town in the Karlovy Vary Region of the Czech Republic. It is the capital of the Cheb District. About 30,000 people live there. It is on the river Ohře.


Gladstone, Queensland

Gladstone is a port city in Queensland, Australia. It is about 500 km northwest of the state capital Brisbane, and about 100 km southeast of Rockhampton. In 2021, 34,703 people lived there. Gladstone is home to Queensland's largest multi-cargo shipping port, the Port of Gladstone.

Hondschoote

Hondschoote is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 4,060 people lived there.


Brigittenauer AC

Brigittenauer AC (full name "1. Brigittenauer Athletiksport Club", often just called "BAC") was a football club from Vienna.

The club was formed on 27 August 1925 from the merger of the former second division club SC Donaustadt (founded 1905) and the relegated FC Ostmark Wien (founded 1910). The greatest successes was the second place in 1927 in the first season after promotion and reaching the cup final in 1933. In this year the club was last relegated from the first division. BAC played five seasons in the top division under this name. The most famous players were Karl Adamek and Heinrich Hiltl.

After being relegated to the second division in 1938 the club lost his importance. In 1972 and 1974 there were mergers with SC Rasenspieler Höchstädt to form Brigittenauer AC-Hochstädt and with SV Helios Brigittenau to form Brigittenauer AC. In 1974 the name was changed to 1. Brigittenauer SC. In 1993 there was a game association with the SKV Feuerwehr in the fourth-rate Vienna city league to form the Brigittenauer SC Feuerwehr. After dissolution the following year the club was now called Brigittenauer SC. In 2009 there was a final merger with ISS Admira Landhaus and the name Brigittenau dissappeared. 

Hello Again (The Cars song)

"Hello Again" is a song performed by the rock band The Cars. It was released on the 1984 album "Heartbeat City". It was the album's fourth Top 20 hit, reaching number 20 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 chart; it also reached number 8 on the Dance Music/Club Play Singles chart and number 22 on the Mainstream Rock chart.
The song's music video was directed by Andy Warhol, who also appeared in the video as did a then-unknown Gina Gershon. Keyboardist Greg Hawkes said "I think [Warhol] mainly did some of the conceptualizing and showed up to be an extra. And he invited his various friends to be in it. It was like any video shoot, but with a more interesting cast of characters. And you could always look over on the set and go 'Hey that's Andy Warhol.'"

The music video explored the controversial issues of sex and violence (mostly the former) being featured in music and at the time.
"Hello Again" was described as "eccentric" by AllMusic critic Greg Prato, who also cited the track as a highlight from the "Heartbeat City" album. Donald Guarisco, also of AllMusic, said, "One of their strongest tracks [on "Heartbeat City" with experimental roots] was 'Hello Again,' a stylish new wave rocker with plenty of experimental touches." Guarisco also said it "is a song that represents the Cars striking a unique balance between their gift for pop hooks and their love of experimental sounds."

In his review of the "Greatest Hits" compilation album, Greg Prato felt that "Hello Again" should have appeared, stating "why was the title track from "Heartbeat City" (an unsuccessful single) included instead of the 1984 Top 20 hit 'Hello Again'?"

Why Can't I Have You

"Why Can't I Have You" is a song by the American new wave band The Cars. The song, written by Ric Ocasek, appeared on the band's fifth studio album "Heartbeat City". The song is a lush ballad.
"Why Can't I Have You" was first released on the "Heartbeat City" album in 1984. However, in January 1985, the song was released as a single in the US, UK and Germany, making it the fifth single from "Heartbeat City" (the previous singles being "You Might Think," "Magic," "Drive," and "Hello Again.") Although it did not reach the Top 20 on the Billboard Hot 100 like its four predecessors, the song managed to peak at number 33 in the US charts, as well as #11 on the Mainstream Rock chart. The song was the last single from "Heartbeat City" to be released in the United States; in Britain, however, a sixth single, "Heartbeat City," was released after "Why Can't I Have You."

Tonight She Comes

"Tonight She Comes" is a 1985 song by The Cars, from their "Greatest Hits" album. It was released as a single in October 1985, reaching number 7 on the "Billboard" Hot 100. It also reached number 1 on the Mainstream Rock Tracks chart, where it stayed for three weeks. It was The Cars' fourth and (as of 2010) last Top 40 hit.
It is a simple, diatonic pop rock song in F major, featuring a hard rock-style guitar solo by Cars guitarist Elliot Easton.

The solo was transcribed by Steve Vai in the February 1986 issue of "Guitar Player" magazine, as the centrepiece of an interview with Easton. In the interview, Easton described the custom-built Kramer guitar used for the solo, saying that the reason the solo was "so dense" was due to the four weeks he spent recording the single, giving Easton long enough to compose it.

The song's title is another Ric Ocasek double entendre, though, as Elliot Easton put it, "it doesn't actually say that she reaches orgasm. It could mean that tonight she's coming over to make popcorn."
"Tonight She Comes" was The Cars' fourth Top 10 hit. It was the first of two songs to be released as a single from their "Greatest Hits" album; a remixed version of "I'm Not the One", previously recorded in 1981 for the "Shake It Up" album, was the second.

AllMusic critic Greg Prato, in his review for "Greatest Hits" described the track as "playful", while Tim Sendra, also from AllMusic, said in his review of "The Essentials" that the song (among the others on that album), was "definitely essential". Critic Donald Guarisco said that the song "is one of their most straightforward pop outings and shows just how far they had moved from the acidic mindset of 'Just What I Needed' and "Let's Go. He went on to say that the track was "a delightful, pristine pop confection".

I'm Not the One

"I'm Not the One" is a song by the American rock band The Cars, from their fourth album, "Shake It Up". It features Ric Ocasek on lead vocals, Benjamin Orr singing the phrase "you know why", with the entire group repeating "going round and round" as backing vocals throughout the song.
"I'm Not the One" first appeared in 1981 on "Shake It Up". It was not charting at the time, but was included on the band's 1985 "Greatest Hits" album. The song was remixed on the "Greatest Hits" album, emphasizing the drum track with additional reverb. It was then released as a single in 1986, following "Tonight She Comes", also from the "Greatest Hits" album. "I'm Not the One" debuted on the "Billboard" Top 40 chart on March 8, 1986 and peaked at number 32.

AllMusic reviewer Donald A. Guarisco described "I'm Not the One" as one of "Shake It Up" "strongest and most memorable tunes", commenting that its sound still sounded fresh on its 1986 re-release, five years after its first appearance on "Shake It Up".

In 2005, the album "" was released on Not Lame Recordings, which featured a cover of Gigolo Aunts single "I'm Not The One.
The song's intro and choruses are in the key of B minor. The intro features two layered synthesizer parts, one derived from Ric Ocasek's vocal melody and the other a supporting countermelody in a softer key. The intro/chorus begins with a chord progression of B minor, F♯ minor, E minor, and A major, but is immediately followed by in inversion, F♯ minor to B minor, retaining the E minor to A major movement. After another "reversed" repeat, the E minor to A functions as a ii-V-I turnaround in the key's relative major of D.

The D verses are not unlike The Beatles' song "Dear Prudence". The official sheet music folio lists the chord progression as D, to D/C, to D/B (enharmonic to a B minor seventh chord), to D/B♭ (enharmonic to a B♭ augmented major seventh chord), and video exists of Ocasek performing the song, solo on acoustic guitar, according to this progression. However, other transcriptionists describe the chord progression as D to D/C, to G/B, to Gm/B♭, which is identical to the verses of "Dear Prudence". Either way, the last chord of the verse is a G minor sixth chord, transitioning to the chorus in B minor. Each verse is introduced with a guitar melody by Elliot Easton, who layers several clean-tone guitar parts over the synthesizer-dominated arrangement. There is also a horn-like synth solo by Greg Hawkes, played over the chorus progression.

Orval Faubus

Orval Eugene Faubus ( ; January 7, 1910 – December 14, 1994) was an American politician. He was the 36th Governor of Arkansas from 1955 to 1967. Faubus was a member of the Democratic Party.

In 1957, he refused to comply with the decision of the U.S. Supreme Court in the 1954 case "Brown v. Board of Education". He told the Arkansas National Guard to prevent black students from going to Little Rock Central High School. This event became known as the Little Rock Crisis.

Saint-Aubert, Nord

Saint-Aubert is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 1,565 people lived there.


Honnechy

Honnechy is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 561 people lived there.


Honnecourt-sur-Escaut

Honnecourt-sur-Escaut is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 760 people lived there.


Benicia, California

Benicia is a city in Solano County, California. It is in the San Francisco Bay Area. 27,131 people lived here at the 2020 United States Census. The city is along the north bank of the Carquinez Strait. Benicia is just east of Vallejo and across the strait from Martinez.

You Are the Girl

"You Are the Girl" is a 1987 song by The Cars, from their album "Door to Door". It was released as a single in August 1987, reaching number 17 on the "Billboard" Hot 100.
It also reached number 2 on the Mainstream Rock Tracks chart and number 12 on the Adult Contemporary chart.
It was the thirteenth and (as of 2010) last Top 40 hit for The Cars.
Rhythm guitarist and primary songwriter Ric Ocasek shares lead vocals with bassist Benjamin Orr on "You Are the Girl". Both singers had recently hit the Top 40 with solo hits, Ocasek with 1986's "Emotion in Motion" and Orr with 1987's "Stay the Night".

The song was recorded during sessions for the band's last studio album, 1987's "Door to Door", during a time of personal conflict between the band members.
Following the album's release, there was public speculation that the band was breaking up, and within a year The Cars announced that they had disbanded.

"You Are the Girl" was The Cars' last Top 40 hit, although two more singles released from "Door to Door" reached the Top 100: 1987's "Strap Me In" (number 85) and 1988's "Coming Up You" (number 74).

Hornaing

Hornaing is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 3,562 people lived there.


Houdain-lez-Bavay

Houdain-lez-Bavay is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 886 people lived there.


Houtkerque

Houtkerque (; from ) is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 984 people lived there.


Strap Me In

"Strap Me In" is a 1987 song by The Cars, appearing on their sixth studio album "Door to Door".
Like its predecessor, "You Are the Girl", a music video was produced for "Strap Me In". The video showed the band playing in a barren wasteland while a couple fought. It was also the final video the Cars made before they broke up, with the next video being made for "Sad Song" in 2011.
"Strap Me In" was first released on the "Door to Door" album in August 1987, opening the second side of the album. In September 1987, "Strap Me In" also saw a single release in America (as well as in Japan, Germany, and Australia) as the follow-up to the top-twenty single "You Are the Girl." However, it failed to reach the chart success of its predecessor, only managing to peak at number 85 on the Billboard Hot 100, although it peaked at number 4 on the Billboard Mainstream Rock chart. A follow-up single, "Coming Up You" performed marginally better, peaking at number 74 in the US.

"Strap Me In" was mentioned in the "" liner notes as the "standout track" from "Door to Door", which also said, "'Strap Me In' proved that [Ric] Ocasek could still turn an automotive double-entendre with the best of them."

Hoymille

Hoymille is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 3,194 people lived there.


Lallaing

Lallaing is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 6,364 people lived there.


Coming Up You

"Coming Up You" is a 1987 song by The Cars, appearing on their sixth studio album "Door to Door". It was written by Ric Ocasek and sung by Benjamin Orr.
"Coming Up You" was first released as the eighth track on "Door to Door" in August 1987. The song later saw a single release in the US and Australia, backed by the "Door to Door" track "Double Trouble." The third single from "Door to Door" (after the top twenty hit "You Are the Girl" and its less successful follow-up "Strap Me In,"), the song peaked at number 74 on the Billboard Hot 100 (a slight improvement from the performance of "Strap Me In") and number 37 on the Adult Contemporary Chart. Unlike its predecessors, however, it failed to chart at all on the Mainstream Rock chart.

The single was the last Cars single released before the band broke up in 1988 (although it was followed by "Sad Song" when the band reunited in 2011.)
"AllMusic" critic Mike DeGagne called the track the "most melodious tune [on "Door to Door"]" and went on to say it "was easily one of The Cars most distinct efforts since it doesn’t quite carry the same new wave/pop rock structure as the rest of their material yet relinquishes the same type of Cars charm." DeGagne continued, "'Coming Up You' is one of [the] bright spots in an otherwise faltering release as fans were still comparing "Door To Door" to the success of 1984's "Heartbeat City" album. After all of the tracks are heard on "Door To Door", 'Coming Up You' easily rises above the rest of the album’s lackluster fair, mainly because [Ben] Orr seems to sound more enthused and more interested than [Ric] Ocasek does on any of his songs."

Landas

Landas is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 2,392 people lived there.


Sad Song (The Cars song)

"Sad Song" is the lead single by the American rock band The Cars from their 2011 studio album "Move Like This". A short clip of the song was released in December 2010; the full song was released to radio on March 1, 2011.
"Exclaim!" magazine comments on the song saying "[d]espite the title and lyrics, it doesn't sound particularly sad, as it contains a cheery beat and a catchy mix of synths and guitars". Critics have noted the similarity of "Sad Song" to the band's previous singles, such as 1978's "My Best Friend's Girl" and 1979's "Let's Go".

"Sad Song" peaked at number 25 on the Billboard Rock Charts.

Aurélien Tchouaméni

Aurélien Djani Tchouaméni (born 27 January 2000) is a French football player. He plays as a defensive midfielder for Real Madrid and the France national team.

Larouillies

Larouillies is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 249 people lived there.


Lauwin-Planque

Lauwin-Planque is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 1,621 people lived there.


São João de Meriti

São João de Meriti is an Brazilian city in the state of Rio de Janeiro. 472,906 people lived here in 2020 and its area is 34.838 km².

Sofyan Amrabat

Sofyan Amrabat (; ; born 21 August 1996) is a Moroccan-Dutch football player. He plays as a defensive midfielder for Premier League club Manchester United, on loan from Serie A club Fiorentina. Born in the Netherlands, he plays for the Morocco national team.

Feyenoord

Club Brugge

Fiorentina

Individual
Orders

Dos Hermanas

Dos Hermanas is a municipality of 137,561 people (2022). It is in the province of Seville in the autonomous community of Andalusia in south Spain.

Lécluse

Lécluse is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 1,372 people lived there.


Lederzeele

Lederzeele is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 683 people lived there.


Chalindrey

Chalindrey is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Haute-Marne department in northeast France.

Lesquin

Lesquin is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 9,012 people lived there.


Écija

Écija is a municipality of 39,743 people (2022). It is in the province of Seville in the autonomous community of Andalusia in south Spain.

Kinja Dixon

Kinja Dixon (born 1978) is a professional speaker, screenwriter and writer. He lives in Brooklyn, New York City.

Dixon is a former U.S. Air Force member in 1996.

In 2013, Dixon received both the Gold Stevie Award and the American Resort Development Association Award (ARDA).



Trina

Katrina Laverne Taylor (born on December 3, 1978), professionally known as Trina, is an American rapper. She rose to fame in 1998. This is because of her appearance on the Trick Daddy single, "Nann Nigga".

Trina has been described as XXL by "the most consistent female rapper of all time". In 2013, Complex has ranked her single "Pull Over" on number 27 on their Top 50 Best Rap Songs by Women. In 2014, she has been included in Billboard's list of the "31 Female Rappers Who Changed Hip-Hop."


Cornufer gilliardi

Gilliard's wrinkled ground frog ("Cornufer gilliardi") is a frog. It lives in Papua New Guinea on the island of New Britain in the Bismarck Archipelago. People have seen it about 1500 meters above sea level.

Bam Bam (Camila Cabello song)

"Bam Bam" is a Latin pop song by Cuban-American singer Camila Cabello. It also features vocals from British singer-songwriter Ed Sheeran. It is from Cabello's third studio album, Familia. This marks the second collaboration between the two. Because of this, it follows the earlier single, South of the Border (which also featured Dominican-American rapper Cardi B).

"Bam Bam" reached number five on the Billboard Global 200. Because of this, it makes it Cabello's highest peak since the chart's creation in 2020. This song also reached number twenty-one on the Billboard Hot 100. It also peaked on the top 10 in 15 countries.

"Bam Bam" had positive reviews from critics. Official Charts Company reviewed the song prior the the release of the song "a break up bop" and dubbed the track as "a song of acceptance, hope and happiness". Vulture called it "a bona fide breakup bop".

Good Form (song)

"Good Form" is a bounce/trap/hip hop song by Trinidadian-American rapper Nicki Minaj. It was released on August 10, 2018. It is from her fourth studio album, "Queen". There was a remixed version that featured American rapper Lil Wayne. That remix was released on November 29, 2018. It peaked at number 60 on the Billboard Hot 100. It was written by Nicki Minaj and Mike Will Made It and Plush.

A music video for the song was released on November 29, 2018. It was directed by Colin Tilley. It features Nicki Minaj and Lil Wayne, along with others.

Prose poem

A prose poem is a kind of lyric poetry that uses sentences and paragraphs, not the usual lines and stanzas of an ordinary poem. It is usually short. 

The language within the paragraph may have some qualities of ordinary poetry, such as figures of speech, repetitions, rhythm, and even rhyme. Often a prose poem will contain dream-like thoughts or ideas that do not seem to be rational. Emotions may be only hinted at or quickly cut off.

The term "prose poem" is an oxymoron because "poetry" is often defined as language that is "not prose."

Prose poetry probably began in Asia, in 17th century Japan with the work of Matsua Bashō. He created a form called haibun that combined haiku with prose. But in Europe it first appeared in France and Germany in the 19th century. The earliest in France was "Gaspard de la nuit" (1842) by Louis Bertrand. The most famous example may be Charles Baudelaire’s "Petits Poèmes en prose", or "Le Spleen de Paris".

Murad III

Murad III (; ; 4 July 1546 – 16 January 1595) was Sultan of the Ottoman Empire from 1574 until his death in 1595. His rule saw battles with the Habsburgs and exhausting wars with the Safavids. The long-independent Morocco was at a time made a vassal of the empire but they would regain independence in 1582. His reign also saw the empire's expanding influence on the eastern coast of Africa. However, the empire would be beset by increasing corruption and inflation from the New World which led to unrest among the Janissary and commoners. Relations with Elizabethan England were cemented during his reign as both had a common enemy in the Spanish. He was a great patron in the arts where he commissioned the "Siyer-i-Peygamber" depicting the life of the prophet Muhammad and other illustrated manuscripts. He fought many battles with against the Holy Roman Empire trying to capture more fortresses in Hungary and leading raids into Croatia.

Jim McGovern (American politician)

James Patrick McGovern (born November 20, 1959) is an American politician. He is a member of the United States House of Representatives, representing since 1997. He is the senior member of the House Rules Committee. McGovern is the chair of the Congressional-Executive Commission on China as well as the co-chair of the Tom Lantos Human Rights Commission. He is a member of the Democratic Party. 

The district was numbered as the 3rd district from 1997 to 2013. It includes the area from Worcester to the Pioneer Valley.

Signs (band)

Signs is an American reggaeton duo. The group is from Springfield, Massachusetts. Signs began as a trio and became a duo with members Yarimar Huertas and Yalixia Figueroa.

José Miguel Class

José Miguel Class Ponce (September 26, 1935 – April 13, 2017) was a Puerto Rican singer. He was well known during the 1960s and 1970s.

Class was famous in Puerto Rico in the 1960s before he moved to Mexico. In Mexico, he had a large amount of success. while living there, he released many Mexican albums. He became well known across Central America, South America and the rest of the Caribbean.

When Class returned to Puerto Rico in the '70s, he got a weekly television series in Rafael Perez Perry's Channel 11. On it, he co-hosted with Awilda (Awilda La Mimosa) Pedrosa. His Mexican accent was noticeable during the series. He kept the Mexican accent for a very long time. His catchphrase was "Yo soy el Gallo!" ("I am the Rooster!") He retired to Manati. He released over 20 albums.

Class died on the morning of April 13, 2017 after a long illness. He was 81 years old when he died at Auxilio Mutuo Hospital in Hato Rey, Puerto Rico.


John Besh

John Besh (born May 14, 1968) is an American chef, TV personality, philanthropist, restaurateur and author. He is known for his efforts in preserving the culinary heritage of New Orleans cuisine.

Yuri (Mexican singer)

Yuridia Valenzuela Canseco better known as Yuri (born 6 January 1964) is a Mexican singer and actress.

Massachusetts's 1st congressional district

Massachusetts's 1st congressional district is a United States congressional district in the western and central part of Massachusetts. It is the state's largest congressional district by area. It is about one-third of the state and is more rural than other districts. The district includes the cities of Springfield, West Springfield, Pittsfield, Holyoke, Agawam, Chicopee and Westfield.

Edward Boland

Edward Patrick Boland (October 1, 1911 – November 4, 2001) was an American politician from Massachusetts. He was a Democrat. Boland was a representative from Massachusetts's 2nd congressional district.

John Olver

John Walter Olver (born September 3, 1936) is an American politician. He was the U.S. representative for Massachusetts's 1st congressional district from 1991 to 2013. Olver grew up on a farm in Pennsylvania. He graduated from college at the age of 18. After college, Olver earned a Ph.D. in chemistry from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. He taught chemistry at the University of Massachusetts Amherst for eight years.

He served in both chambers of the Massachusetts General Court. He was elected to the Massachusetts House of Representatives in 1968 and the Massachusetts Senate in 1972. Olver announced that he would not seek re-election in 2012. He retired at the end of his eleventh term in Congress.

Massachusetts's 2nd congressional district

Massachusetts's 2nd congressional district is in central Massachusetts. It contains the cities of Worcester, which is the second-largest city in New England after Boston, and Northampton in the Pioneer Valley. It is represented by Democrat Jim McGovern.

Ahiwara

Ahiwara is a town and a nagar palika in Durg district in the Indian state of Chhattisgarh.

Leticia Perdigón

Guadalupe Leticia Perdigón Labrador (born August 7, 1956 in Mexico City, Mexico) is a Mexican actress.

Lorena Herrera

Lorena Herrera de la Vega better known as Lorena Herrera (born February 18, 1967 in Mazatlán, Sinaloa) is a Mexican actress, singer, and model.

Eugenia León

Eugenia León (born June 7, 1956) is a Mexican singer.

Noelia

Noelia Lorenzo Monge (born August 31, 1979) or simply known as Noelia is a Puerto Rican singer, daughter of Yolandita Monge.

Manoella Torres

Manoella Torres (born April 21, 1954) is an American-born Mexican singer of Puerto Rican descent.

Marisela

Marisela Esqueda Hernández (born April 24, 1966) better known as Marisela is an American singer of Mexican descent.

Isaura Espinoza

Isaura Espinoza (born August 25, 1956 in Piedras Negras, Coahuila) is a Mexican actress.

Maritza Olivares

Nidia Maritza Olivares (born 1956 in Ciudad Victoria, Tamaulipas) is a Mexican actress.

Amparo Grisales

Amparo Grisales (born September 19, 1956) is a Colombian actress.

Isabel Pantoja

Isabel Pantoja (born August 2, 1956) is a Spanish singer.

Pati Jinich

Patricia Jinich (/ˈhinitʃ/ born Patricia Drijanski, March 30, 1972) is a Mexican chef, TV personality, cookbook author, educator, and food writer. She is best known for her James Beard Award-winning and Emmy-nominated public television series Pati's Mexican Table. Her first cookbook, also Pati's Mexican Table, was published in March 2013, her second cookbook, Mexican Today, was published in April 2016, and her third cookbook, Treasures of the Mexican Table, was published in November 2021.

2022 San Francisco 49ers season

The 2022 season is the San Francisco 49ers' 73rd in the National Football League (NFL), their 77th overall, and their sixth under head coach Kyle Shanahan.

1933 Western Australian secession referendum

A secession referendum was held on 8 April 1933 in the Australian state of Western Australia. It said that the state withdraw from the Australian Federation. The proposal won a majority of the votes. However, the British Parliament did not allow it..

2001 Cincinnati Bengals season

The 2001 Cincinnati Bengals season was the franchise’s 34th year in professional football and its 32nd with the National Football League. 


2001 New York Jets season

The 2001 New York Jets season was the franchise's 32nd season in the National Football League (NFL), the 42nd season overall, and the first under new head coach Herman Edwards.


2001 St. Louis Rams season

The 2001 season was the St. Louis Rams' 65th in the National Football League (NFL), their seventh in St. Louis and their second under head coach Mike Martz.

2017 All-Pro Team

The 2017 All-Pro Team is the National Football League players that were selected to the Associated Press, Pro Football Writers Association and Sporting News All-Pro Teams in 2017. Some players are First-Team and some are Second-Team. First-Team has better players.


PFWA did not separate the tackles and guards into more specific positions as the AP did.

2016 All-Pro Team

The 2016 All-Pro Team is the National Football League players that were selected to the Associated Press, Pro Football Writers Association and Sporting News All-Pro Teams in 2016. Some players are First-Team and some are Second-Team. First-Team has better players.

PFWA and SN did not separate the tackles and guards into more specific positions as the AP did.

2005 All-Pro Team

The 2005 All-Pro Team is the National Football League players that were selected to the Associated Press, Pro Football Writers Association and Sporting News All-Pro Teams in 2005. Some players are First-Team and some are Second-Team. First-Team has better players.



2021 All-Pro Team

The 2021 All-Pro Team is the National Football League players that were selected to the Associated Press, Pro Football Writers Association and Sporting News All-Pro Teams in 2021. Some players are First-Team and some are Second-Team. First-Team has better players.


PFWA and SN do not separate the tackles and guards into more specific positions as the AP does. Additionally, PWFA and SN formally select defensive ends as opposed to edge rushers, while PFWA selects outside linebackers separately from middle linebackers.

2020 Tampa Bay Buccaneers season

The 2020 season was the Tampa Bay Buccaneers' 45th in the National Football League (NFL) and their second under head coach Bruce Arians.

2019 New England Patriots season

The 2019 season was the New England Patriots' 50th in the National Football League (NFL), their 60th total and their 20th under head coach Bill Belichick.

Brutalist architecture

Brutalist architecture is a way of designing buildings. It uses bare building materials, and large block-like shapes, without much decoration. Some features are lots of uncovered concrete, rough surfaces, angular geometric shapes, heavy-looking walls, small windows, and mostly gray and brown colors.

An important idea is that "form follows function". In other words, when people look at the design, they should see the purpose. This is like other modernist architecture. However, structural and functional parts, such as columns, beams, and even pipes, are also important in Brutalism. These functional parts should be easy to see and stand out. Another idea is that each material should naturally look like itself. Brick should look like brick, glass should look like glass, and so on. 

Brutalism was popular from the 1950s to the 1980s. The name comes from the French term ""béton brut"", which means "raw concrete". The French-Swiss architect Le Corbusier was one of the most important Brutalists.

Valledupar

Valledupar is a city in Colombia. It is the capital of Cesar Department.

Enzo Fernández

Enzo Jeremías Fernández (born 17 January 2001) is an Argentine football player. He plays as a central midfielder for Chelsea F.C. and the Argentina national team.

Mauá

Mauá is an Brazilian city in the state of São Paulo. 477,552 people lived here in 2020 and its area is 62.293 km².

Lewarde

Lewarde is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 2,430 people lived there.


Lez-Fontaine

Lez-Fontaine is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 225 people lived there.


Lezennes

Lezennes is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 3,050 people lived there.


Lieu-Saint-Amand

Lieu-Saint-Amand is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 1,426 people lived there.


Ligny-en-Cambrésis

Ligny-en-Cambrésis is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 1,916 people lived there.


Raismes

Raismes is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 12,324 people lived there.

Raismes is known for hosting the annual rock music festival "Raismesfest".


Renescure

Renescure is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 2,120 people lived there.


Rumilly-en-Cambrésis

Rumilly-en-Cambrésis is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 1,436 people lived there.


Saint-Saulve

Saint-Saulve is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 11,276 people lived there.


Mastaing

Mastaing is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 881 people lived there.


Limont-Fontaine

Limont-Fontaine is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 550 people lived there.


Locquignol

Locquignol is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 326 people lived there.


Loffre

Loffre is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 714 people lived there.


Serra, Espírito Santo

Serra is an Brazilian city in the state of Espírito Santo. To the north, it borders the state's capital Vitória. 527,240 people lived here in 2020 and its area is 553 km².

Lompret

Lompret is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 2,230 people lived there.


Hasel, Germany

Hasel is a municipality in Lörrach in Baden-Württemberg in Germany.

Osterbruch

Osterbruch is a municipality in Cuxhaven in Lower Saxony in Germany.

Bad Girls (TV series)

Bad Girls is a British television drama series. It was broadcast on ITV from 1 June 1999 until 20 December 2006. It was created by Maureen Chadwick and Ann McManus of Shed Productions, who started the idea of making a series about the inmates and staff of the fictional women's prison, Larkhall, located in the South London region. 


Wiener Sport-Club Platz

The Wiener Sport-Club Platz is the home of the Viennese football club Wiener Sport-Club. The stadium was built in 1904. It is located in the Dornbach district. It is the oldest soccer field in Austria that is still used. The stadium has a capacity of 7,828 spectators. The opening match took place on 16 October 1904, the Wiener Sportvereinigung defeated Ödenburg 7:3.
The northern stand of the stadium is known as the "Friedhofstribune" because it faces the Dornbacher Friedhof. This standing room sector is mainly frequented by the fan clubs of the Wiener Sport-Club. The Wiener Sport-Club Platz is one of the stadiums in Austria most in need of renovation. In October 2018, the Vienna City Council finally decided to support the renovation measures in the amount of 6.25 million euros. The capacity after the conversion should be 6,000 spectators.

La Longueville

La Longueville is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 2,082 people lived there.


Aleksey Slapovsky

Aleksey Ivanovich Slapovsky (; 29 July 1957 – 8 January 2023) was a Russian writer. He was a novelist, playwright and screenwriter. He was born in Saratov Oblast. He has been nominated a few times for the Russian Booker Prize. In the 1990s, he worked at the magazine "Volga".

Slapovsky died of pneumonia on 8 January 2023 in Moscow. He was 65.

Lourches

Lourches is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 3,952 people lived there.


Louvignies-Quesnoy

Louvignies-Quesnoy is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 931 people lived there.


Louvil

Louvil is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 869 people lived there.


Louvroil

Louvroil is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 6,371 people lived there.


Lynde

Lynde is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 775 people lived there.


Lys-lez-Lannoy

Lys-lez-Lannoy is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 13,643 people lived there.


Maing

Maing is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 4,066 people lived there.


Geldern

Geldern is a town in Kleve in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany. It is part of the Düsseldorf Government Region.


Mairieux

Mairieux is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 711 people lived there.


Le Maisnil

Le Maisnil is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 639 people lived there.


Malincourt

Malincourt is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 489 people lived there.


Marchiennes

Marchiennes is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 4,584 people lived there.


Marcoing

Marcoing is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 1,900 people lived there.


Northwest Caucasian languages

Northwest Caucasian is a language family. The Northwest Caucasian languages are Abaza, Abkhaz, Adyghe, Kabardian, and the extinct Ubykh.

Abaza language

Abaza is a Northwest Caucasian language. About 50,000 people speak Abaza. Abaza is closely related to Abkhaz.

Bill Campbell (baseball)

William Richard Campbell was an American baseball player who played as a pitcher in Major League Baseball (MLB) from 1973 to 1987. Campbell played for several teams in both the American League (AL) and National League (NL) during his career, including the Minnesota Twins, Boston Red Sox, Detroit Tigers, Chicago Cubs, Philadelphia Phillies, St. Louis Cardinals, and Montreal Expos. He was born on August 9, 1948, in Highland Park, Michigan, and grew up in Pomona, California.

Campbell was interested in baseball from an early age and played on his high school team at Ganesha High School in Pomona, California. After graduating, he attended Cal Poly Pomona, where he continued to play baseball and was eventually drafted by the Minnesota Twins in 1972.

Campbell made his major league debut in 1973 with the Twins and quickly established himself as a reliable relief pitcher. He played for the Twins until 1976, when he was traded to the Red Sox. He spent two seasons with the Red Sox before being traded again, this time to the Cubs.

Over the course of his career, Campbell played for several more teams, including the Phillies, Cardinals, and Expos. He was known for his versatility as a pitcher, being equally comfortable in a starting or relief role.

Campbell was married to Linda and had three children. After retiring from baseball, he remained involved in the sport, coaching Little League teams and working as a scout for several major league teams.

In January 2023, Campbell died at the age of 74 after a battle with cancer. He was living in Palatine, a suburb of the Chicago metropolitan area, Illinois, at the time of his death.

Campbell will be remembered as a talented and versatile player who made significant contributions to several teams during his career. His dedication to baseball continued long after his playing days were over, and his legacy will live on in the countless young players he coached and mentored.

Nate Colbert

Nathan Colbert Jr. (April 9, 1946 – January 5, 2023) was an American baseball player. He played as a first baseman. He played in Major League Baseball (MLB) from 1966 to 1976. He most notably played for the San Diego Padres from 1969 to 1974. He also played for the Houston Astros, Detroit Tigers, Montreal Expos and the Oakland Athletics. 

Colbert was born in St. Louis, Missouri. He was married to Kasey. The couple had nine children together. 

Colbert died on January 5, 2023, in Las Vegas, Nevada. He was 76.

Meenakshi Narain

Meenakshi Narain (May 9, 1964 – January 1, 2023) was an Indian-born American experimental physicist. She took part in the discovery of the top quark in 1995 and the Higgs boson in 2012. She was a professor of physics and chair of the department of physics at Brown University. She also worked at Boston University.

Narain was born in Gorakhpur, Uttar Pradesh. She was married to German citizen Ulrich Heintz. She had two children. She died on January 1, 2023, in Providence, Rhode Island. She was 58.


Raphael Kiilu

Raphael Muli Kiilu (died 2006) was a diplomat from Kenya. He used to be the ambassador of Kenya to the United Nations.

Call Me (Jamelia song)

"Call Me" is the fourth single from British R&B recording artist Jamelia and the third single from her debut album "Drama". "Call Me" became another signature track in Jamelia's career and followed "Money" into the UK top 20, just missing out on a top 10 spot, peaking at #11. The song managed to spend 5 weeks within the top 75 and was the lead single from her debut album "Drama", which was released two weeks later. 

UK CD1

UK CD2
UK cassette single

Arabian Prince

Kim Renard Nazel (born June 17, 1965), better known by his stage names Arabian Prince and Professor X, is an American rapper, singer, songwriter, record producer, and DJ. He is best known for being an original member of the rap group N.W.A.

Nazel was born in Compton, California.

He began working with Bobby Jimmy & the Critters in 1984. He also produced J. J. Fad's hit single "Supersonic" and the album of the same name.

When he joined the rap group N.W.A., his bandmate Ice Cube returned from the Phoenix Institute of Technology in 1988. He discovered that he was surplus to the band. Eazy-E, Ice Cube and MC Ren were the headliners, DJ Yella was the turntablist and Dr. Dre was the main producer.

After leaving N.W.A., Arabian Prince began his solo career. His first solo album, "Brother Arab", was released in 1989, although it sold poorly.

Arabian Prince continued his solo career. He released his fourth album "Where's My Bytches" in 1993, which was his last album of the 1990s.

He recently started releasing music again with his Professor X project on the Dutch label Clone Records. In 2007, he DJed on the 2K Sports Holiday Bounce Tour with artists on the Stones Throw label. In 2008, Stones Throw released a compilation of his 1980s electro rap material. One of his songs was included on the 2007 video game "College Hoops 2K8".





DJ Yella

Antoine Carraby (born December 11, 1961), better known by his stage name DJ Yella, is an American DJ, rapper, music producer, and film director. He is from Compton, California. Yella was a member of the World Class Wreckin' Cru along with Dr. Dre. He later became a member of the gangsta rap group N.W.A (with Dre, Ice Cube, MC Ren, and Eazy-E). Along with Dre, he produced Eazy-E's first album, "Eazy-Duz-It", and all three of N.W.A's albums.

After N.W.A's disbandment in 1991, Yella and MC Ren were the only members to remain on Ruthless Records. Over the next four years, he produced albums and songs for numerous Ruthless Records acts, including Eazy, J. J. Fad, Menajahtwa, H.W.A., B.G. Knocc Out, Dresta and Bone Thugs-n-Harmony. He also filmed pornographic movies under his alias Tha Kidd during this time period.

Eazy-E's sudden death from AIDS in 1995 caused chaos at the label. Yella stayed on to put together Eazy's final album, but he had difficulty tracking down all the material Eazy had recorded with various producers. Finally with Ren, he co-produced Eazy's last single "Just Tah Let Ya Know", released in September 1995.

In 1996, Yella released the album "One Mo Nigga ta Go" on Street Life. The album featured various members of the old Ruthless family rapping over his productions.

After this release he disappeared from the music scene, to resurface years later as a director of pornographic movies. While for the most part he did not seem interested in getting back into music, he did reunite with former N.W.A member MC Ren for a song called "Bangin" on the soundtrack to one of his sex movies. On October 17, 2006, at VH1's Hip Hop Honors, Yella performed with Lil' Eazy-E and Young Jeezy in a tribute to Eazy-E.


Priority Records

Priority Records is a United States-based record label, owned and operated by EMI, and has made a name for itself primarily in hip hop music. Priority has also provided distribution for other labels such as Ruthless Records, Death Row Records, No Limit Records, and Roc-A-Fella Records.
The Los Angeles-based company was formed in 1985 by three former K-tel executives: Bryan Turner, Mark Cerami and Steve Drath. Seed funding was provided by R-tek, a company headed by former K-tel board members: Ray and Harold Kives, and their company acquired an initial 50% stake in Priority. Priority bought out R-tek's interest in 1987.

To support early operations, Priority licensed others' repertoire and released compilation albums, but soon began developing its own roster of major artists. Priority was able to achieve unparalleled success as an independent label by developing an underground "street-based" marketing formula that set precedents and bypassed mainstream radio. His unique approach allowed Priority to sell millions of records without getting into the fiercely competitive battles of the major record labels for airplay. Priority's strategic marketing team was developed by Vice President Alyssa Pisano, who led Priority's Marketing and Creative Services Department from 1987 to 1996. Priority's roster featured numerous gold, platinum, and multi-platinum artists, including N.W.A, Dr. Dre, Ice Cube, Master P, Snoop Dogg, Jay-Z, Mack 10, Westside Connection, Eazy-E and Ice T.
In the early 1990s, the label entered into a distribution deal with EMI, while continuing to operate independently. EMI bought a 50% stake in Priority in 1996 and the remainder in 1998. Despite EMI's full ownership, Priority remained an independently managed company until 2001, when its operations were merged with EMI's main US subsidiary, Capitol Records. Priority was absorbed into Capitol Records in 2004 and ceased operations.
In late 2006, EMI revived Priority Records. The first act signed to the newly reorganized company is C-Murder (who, in the mid-late 1990s, recorded for the label through No Limit Records.)

A Thousand Suns

A Thousand Suns is the fourth studio album by American rock band Linkin Park. It was released on September 13, 2010. The album was written by the band and co-produced by Linkin Park vocalist Mike Shinoda and Rick Rubin, who previously worked together to produce "Minutes to Midnight" (2007). The album's lead single, "The Catalyst", was serviced to radio and released to digital music stores on August 2, 2010. The band is currently promoting the album through the A Thousand Suns World Tour.

"A Thousand Suns" is a concept album dealing with human fears such as nuclear warfare. "On this record, the concepts blend human ideas with technology [...] Human fears, your fear of what's going to happen in the world, the music kind of references that", said Mike Shinoda on an interview with MTV. The album's title comes from the Hindu Sanskrit scripture, the "Bhagavad Gita": "If the radiance of a thousand suns were to burst at once into the sky, that would be like the splendor of the mighty one," a quote made famous by J. Robert Oppenheimer in reference to the atomic bomb.

Although commercially successful, the album received mixed reviews upon release. The album as a whole has been compared to a progressive rock album, and compared to Pink Floyd's "The Dark Side of the Moon" and Radiohead's "Kid A".
Recording for the album began in 2008, shortly after the release of "Minutes to Midnight". In November 2008 Chester Bennington stated this "sound[ed] a little daunting to me, so, I think my confidence level will drop, but when it was presented to us by this friend of ours, we liked the idea. It was an inspiring idea, and it was something we could relate a lot of the things we like to write about to." In May 2009, a story was published in a "Billboard" magazine where Shinoda revealed information about the album. "I feel like we've been writing a lot. I'd say we've got about half the music done, though I shouldn't say halfway because who knows how long the next batch of songs will take. But all the material's just kind of coming together, and every week we meet up and assess the situation and for the rest of the week we just go and work on whatever we find exciting." He also explained the experimentation the band would be working with. "It's not going to be "Hybrid Theory." It's not going to be "Minutes to Midnight." And if we do it right, it'll have a cutting edge sound that defines itself as an individual record separate from anything else that's out there."

Drummer Rob Bourdon referred to himself and the band as "perfectionists" when asked about the new project. "We tend to be perfectionists and its sort of how we work, We like being in the studio and when we get in there we write a ton of material." Bourdon admitted that the album was challenging to complete. "We've been making music for a long time so one of the challenges was to evolve and make something to keep us interested and also have a lot of fun in the process. We've been used to making a certain type of music and using sounds to accomplish that. So to break out of that and push ourselves to grow is definitely challenging."
In an interview with "Rolling Stone" in May 2009, Shinoda revealed that the band was in the process of writing and recording material for the album. The album was originally slated for an early 2010 release, but Shinoda was very concerned about "the quality of the tunes" stating that "if we need to take a step back and make sure everything is top, top quality by our standards, we will." Shinoda also stated that, comparing to "Minutes to Midnight", the new album would have a larger "thread of consistency" and would be more experimental and "hopefully more cutting-edge".

The album's style has been compared to the music of Pink Floyd and contains the high-pitched sonar "ping" from Pink Floyd's "Echoes" at the end of "Robot Boy" and continuing into "Jornada del Muerto".

It has also been stated that the album honours the hip-hop group Public Enemy. On the song "Wretches and Kings", Shinoda stated "There is a homage to Chuck D on there. It's probably the most hip-hop song on the record and one of the most aggressive... Public Enemy were very three-dimensional with their records because although they seemed political, there was a whole lot of other stuff going on in there too. It made me think how three-dimensional I wanted our record to be without imitating them of course, and show where we were at creatively." The first line of the first and second verse ("To save face, how low can you go?" and "So keep face, how slow can you go?") are references to one of Public Enemy's most famous songs "Bring The Noise", which open its first verse with "Bass! How low can you go?" in a melodically similar way. The album also features speech samples by American political figures, including Martin Luther King, Jr., J. Robert Oppenheimer, and Mario Savio.

"When it came to doing things that felt very much like older Linkin Park, like mixing hip-hop with a rock chorus, [we] felt like, if we were going to do it, we need to really do it in a way that felt natural and felt original and felt like it was something we hadn't done in the past," said Chester Bennington in an interview with MTV News who referred to Linkin Park's new style as less technical and more organic: "[While] there are hip-hop songs on the album - 'Wretches and Kings', 'When They Come for Me' — they're like nothing the band have tried before: snarling, raw, dark and [...] strangely organic."

Bezhta language

Bezhta (also called Bezheta or Kapucha) is a Northeast Caucasian language spoken by the Bezhta people. About 7,000 people speak Bezhta.

Bezhta has three dialects. They are Bezhta proper, Tlyadal and Khocharkhotin.

Bezhta has many consonants, shown below in the International Phonetic Alphabet.

Bezhta has eight vowel qualities. These are /æ/, /ɑ/, /e/, /ø~ə/, /o/, /i/, /y~ɨ/ and /u/. All Bezhta vowels can also be nasalised. /æ/, /ɑ/, /e/, /o/, /i/ and /u/ can also be long, and /ɑ/ and /e/ can be long and nasalised.

Bezhta is rarely written, and people who speak Bezhta usually write in Avar instead. When it is written, Bezhta is usually written in the Cyrillic script.

Bezhta people

The Bezhta are an Andi–Dido People who live in Tsutinsky District, Dagestan. The Bezhta speak Bezhta, along with Avar and Russian.

Bezhta

Bezhta may mean:

Austrian people

Austrians () are the citizens and nationals of Austria. The English term "Austrians" was used for the population of Habsburg Austria from the 17th or 18th century. During the 19th century, it was for the citizens of the Empire of Austria (1804–1867). From 1867 until 1918, it was used for the citizens of Cisleithania. The term "Austria" first referred to the historical March of Austria. This was mostly the Vienna Basin in what is today Lower Austria.

Living Things

Living Things is the fifth studio album by American rock band Linkin Park, released through Warner Bros. Records on 26 June 2012. The album was produced by Mike Shinoda and Rick Rubin, and presented a new direction in Linkin Park's music, combining the hard rock sounds of their debut album, "Hybrid Theory" and the electronic mixes of their very successful previous studio album, "A Thousand Suns", whilst keeping a brand new, original sound.
In June 2011, Bennington revealed to "Kerrang!" that Linkin Park has started working on new material for their next album. He explained, "We've been working on a new record for the past two months. The music is great and we're well ahead of where we're expecting to be. There aren't a whole lot of noises going on, but there are a lot of good songs."

Rick Rubin produced the album. "Typically we'll have a once-a-week meeting to go listen to the songs that they're coming up with and talk about them. For so early in the project, they are much further along than they have been on the last two albums we did. On "A Thousand Suns" there were still a lot of irons in the fire. We knew, 'OK, we can't do this forever. Let's leave this batch and we'll come back and address it when we start up again, Rubin said.

In July 2011, Bennington told "Rolling Stone" that Linkin Park aimed to produce a new album every eighteen months, and that he would be shocked if a new album did not come out in 2012. The band continued to record and produce new material even while on tour. Bennington commented on Linkin Park's schedule, stating, "Touring for two years is excruciating. When we would tour for two years even the most resilient person in the band, at the end of that, was fucking miserable." He further elaborated on their ideas in an interview with MTV saying, "We do have a really great head start. We've got some great music, some good ideas. The creativity has continued to flow for us for the last few years, consistently." He later revealed in another interview in September 2011 that the band was still in the beginning phases of the next album, saying "We just kind of began. We like to keep the creative juices flowing, so we try to keep that going all the time...we like the direction that we're going in."

Live in Texas

Live in Texas is Linkin Park's first live album and third DVD (after "Frat Party at the Pankake Festival" and "The Making of Meteora"), released on November 18, 2003.
The DVD comes with a bonus CD that features twelve of the songs from the DVD. The other five live tracks can be found on the "Linkin Park Underground V3.0" CD. The audio on the CD is mixed differently than the DVD audio. The DVD/CD comes in two versions: a CD box and, although harder to find, a DVD box.

The concert footage was filmed on August 2 and August 3 during the 2003 Summer Sanitarium Tour at Reliant Stadium in Houston, Texas and Texas Stadium in Irving, Texas.

The video footage is comprised of the audio from the Dallas show and video from both the Houston and Dallas shows; because of this, the band had to wear the same clothes on two shows, although there are still noticeable differences. For example, Mike Shinoda could be seen wearing two similar but different shirts, Brad Delson's guitar sometimes changes multiple times in the middle of songs from a red PRS to a black Ibanez, even though there is no break in the guitar, as well as lead singer Chester Bennington's shirt drenched in sweat and completely dry the next time he's shown on screen.



Web series

A Web series is a series of scripted or non-scripted online videos. They are in an episodic form. It is released on the internet. It first appeared in the late 1990s. It later rose to fame in the early 2000.


Armond White

Armond White (born ) is an American music and movie critic. He writes for "National Review" and "Out" magazine. He was the editor of "CityArts" from 2011 until 2014 the lead movie critic for the "New York Press"from 1997 until 2011. He had been the arts editor and critic for "The City Sun" from 1984 until 1996. Other publications he has written for include "Film Comment", "Variety", "The Nation", "The New York Times", "Slate", "Columbia Journalism Review" and "First Things".

White is known for his provocative and idiosyncratic reviews. He is a controversial person in movie criticism. As an African-American, gay, and conservative movie critic, he has been referred to as a "minority three times over in his profession."

White was born in Detroit, Michigan in the early 1950s to an African-American Baptist family. He converted to pentecostalism. White became interested in movies in high school. He earned a degree in movie criticism in 1997.

White writes a “Better Than List” each year. On the list, he says which unpopular movies from that year are better than the popular movies. White was extremely critical of "Toy Story 3" and "Toy Story 4" and said the "Transformers" movies were better. He also said that The Dark Knight Trilogy was bad but that most of the movies in the DC Extended Universe were good. White has also criticized the Marvel Cinematic Universe. White is often critical of Pixar movies, but he said that "Inside Out" was a good movie. White has also defended many of Adam Sandler’s movies. White has also been extremely critical of movies he accused of afrocentrism. He used to praise many of Steven Spielberg movies but has become more critical of Spielberg’s work.

White wrote a book called "Make Spielberg Great Again"

White is gay and a Christian. According to the "New York Times", White "lives by himself in Chelsea with no pets or plants, amid piles of DVDs. Standing 6-foot-3, he cuts an imposing figure. Yet in conversation, he comes across as exacting, quiet and polite, far different from what his writing—and seeming bad behavior—might suggest."

Sony Records

Sony Records was a record label founded by R&B duo Ike & Tina Turner in 1963. Ike Turner released singles by members of the Kings of Rhythm and The Ikettes on this label.

Records on Sony were distributed by CIRCA distributing firm. CIRCA (Consolidated International Record Company of America) was formed in 1962 to operate as a release company for independent labels working with various distributors in the US.

Curb Records

Curb Records is a record label started by Mike Curb in 1973, after leaving MGM Records. Curb Records' first national success was the release (through Warner Bros. Records) of The Four Seasons comeback album, "Who Loves You", and the singles that came from it in late 1975 and early 1976.

Curb's roster includes several country music artists, including Tim McGraw, LeAnn Rimes, and Hank Williams, Jr. In late 2002, Curb Records also acquired a stake in Word Records from then-owners Time Warner. Curb still has a stake in Word even though Time Warner's stake was sold to the newly formed spin-off Warner Music Group in 2004.

2006 GMA Music Award Female Vocalist of the Year Natalie Grant signed with Curb Records. Former American Idol Kimberley Locke is also a member of the Curb roster.

In 2006, Curb launched a sister imprint, Bruc Records, whose name is an acronym for "Blues, Rock, Urban, Country" (the name is also "Curb" spelled backwards). Hank III's third studio release, "Straight to Hell", was the first album to be released on the new label.

Curb Records supports charitable programs through the Mike Curb Family Foundation. Some of the supported programs include; the Mike Curb Family Welcome Centre at Second Harvest, Curb Youth Symphony, Curb Young Musicians Competition, Curb Concerto Competition, Curb Family Music Education Centre at the Nashville Symphony, and the Nashville Alliance For Public Education. 
In the UK, Curb artists (apart from those sub-licenced to the majors) are eligible for UK "independent" charts, as the label is called Proper Distribution. In January 2006, Curb scored a top ten hit with Brian Kennedy and Peter Corry's "Tribute to George Best", an EP featuring recordings of "You Raise Me Up" amongst others.

Vanguard Records

Vanguard Records is a record label founded in 1950 by brothers Maynard and Seymour Solomon in New York. It started as a classical music label, but is perhaps best known for its catalogue of recordings by several seminal folk and blues artists from the 1960s; Bach Guild was a subsidiary label.
In 1953, under the direction of John Hammond, the company began the "Jazz Showcase" series concentrating on the idiom of mainstream jazz, producing around two dozen recordings before it closed about 1958. The recordings made at the Spirituals to Swing concerts in 1938 and 1939 were finally released by Vanguard in 1959. Thereafter the company only continued to record Jazz and Blues on and off. 

Vanguard branched out in the mid-1950s by defying the blacklist and signing blacklisted artist Paul Robeson and The Weavers. The company continued to issue folk music with newly signed artists including Joan Baez, Hedy West, Buffy Sainte-Marie, Country Joe and the Fish, Ian and Sylvia, Mimi and Richard Fariña. 

In the summer of 1965, Maynard Solomon hired Samuel Charters to edit the 1964 Newport Folk Festival tapes. Following that project, the company sent Charters to Chicago to tape the wide range of blues musicians there. Those sessions resulted in the classic 1966 three-album series titled "Chicago/The Blues/Today!", which introduced a new generation to the blues. The albums included sets by Junior Wells with Buddy Guy, Muddy Water's bandmates Otis Spann and James Cotton, Otis Rush, Homesick James, Johnny Shines, Big Walter Horton, and Charlie Musselwhite.

Vanguard released a series of important classical recordings, both domestically produced and imported. Many of the latter came from the British label Pye Records label, with performances by the Halle Orchestra conducted by Sir John Barbirolli. The recordings were so exceptional in their stereo sound and overall quality that many classical radio stations played them. Vanguard even released some classical quadraphonic recordings in the early 1970s, including a performance of Tchaikovsky's Fourth Symphony with the American Symphony Orchestra conducted by Leopold Stokowski. The label also released many performances by the Utah Symphony Orchestra conducted by Maurice Abravanel, as well as the earlier P.D.Q. Bach recordings, from 1965 to 1983. Vanguard was the first US label to issue the complete 1944 hi-fi recordings of composer Richard Strauss conducting the Vienna Philharmonic Orchestra in most of his symphonic poems; the recordings were made on the Magnetophon tape recording equipment in the Vienna Opera House.

In the early 1970s, Indian classical musician and sarod virtouso Vasant Rai was signed exclusively by Vanguard. Vanguard put out 5 hit albums of Vasant Rai. That time, Vanguard released albums by Michigan-based rock groups such as Dick Wagner and The Frost and was inspired by a novelty hit they released, Benny Bell's "Shaving Cream" to release albums of humorous music inspired by Dr. Demento. Tom Paxton recorded two albums, "New Songs from the Briarpatch" and "Heroes", on Vanguard Records in the late 1970s.

The label lay dormant for most of the mid-to-late 1970s, briefly resurfacing with a few disco releases in the 1980s, and was finally sold to the Welk Music Group in 1985. The Welk Group sold the classical music catalogue back to Seymour Solomon. Welk Music Group revitalized the label, reissuing much of its extensive catalogue of folk and popular music (much of which had been out of print for several years) on CD, as well as signing several new artists (such as Mindy Smith), along with established artists (such as Edwin McCain, Hootie & the Blowfish, Blues Traveler, Shawn Mullins, Chely Wright and more). 
Vanguard Classics was sold after Seymour Solomon's death to Artemis Records, which reactivated the company with new releases from Leon Fleisher and Gil Shaham. When Artemis closed in 2004, the Vanguard Classics catalogue was sold to Sheridan Square Entertainment, which licenses Vanguard Classics material with no apparent plans to relaunch or reactivate the label.

Alternative dance

Alternative dance (also known as underground dance in the US) is a musical genre that mixes the "melodic song structure of alternative and indie rock with the electronic beats, synths and/or samples, and club orientation of post-disco dance music". "The Sacramento Bee" calls it "postmodern–Eurosynth–technopop–new wave in a blender". The genre draws heavily on club culture for inspiration, while also incorporating other styles of music such as synth pop, acid house, and trip-hop. Alternative dance artists identify more closely with their music through a distinctive style, texture, or fusion of specific musical elements. They are usually signed with small labels.

Most alternative dance artists are British, "owing to the greater prominence of the UK's club and rave scenes in underground musical culture". AllMusic cites New Order as the first group in the genre due to their 1982–1983 recordings, which fused post-punk with synth pop in the style of the German collective Kraftwerk. Alternative dance had a huge impact on the British Madchester scene of the late 1980s and the trip-hop and rave scenes of the 1990s. The Prodigy and The Chemical Brothers are two prominent examples of the British scene of the 1990s, while in the US, Chicago's Liquid Soul to San Francisco's Dubtribe expanded dance music "beyond its old identity as a singles-driven genre with no identifiable, long-term artists". The American scene rarely received radio airplay and most of the ground-breaking work continued underground or was imported. The Prodigy's third studio album "The Fat of the Land" was the first international alternative dance hit to debut on number one in 25 countries, including the US.

My body, my choice

My body, my choice is a feminist slogan. It is used in several countries, most often for issues of bodily autonomy and abortion.

Feminists usually say that people have the right to decide what happens to their body. This is especially true for sexual, marriage and reproductive choices.

The slogan has been used around the world. It has been translated into many languages. It is often used during protests and demonstrations or to bring attention to different feminist issues.

Speed gun

A speed gun is a gun-like tool. It measures the speed of moving things. It is used by the police to measure the speed of vehicles. It works by using the Doppler effect. 

Colleen O'Shaughnessey

Colleen O'Shaughnessey is a voice actor. She voices Tails from Sonic the Hedgehog. She also played Jazz Fenton in Danny Phantom and Wasp in . 

Adam Pally

Adam Pally is an actor who played in movies like Sonic the Hedgehog and Sonic the Hedgehog 2 maybe he will be in Sonic the Hedgehog 3. he voiced Wade Whipple.

Tika Sumpter

Tika Sumpter is an actress who voiced Maddie in Sonic the Hedgehog and Sonic the Hedgehog 2 maybe in Sonic the Hedgehog 3.

Adventures of Sonic the Hedgehog

Adventures of Sonic the Hedgehog is a 1993 animated series. It was created by DiC in 1992, then aired the next year. The show is about Sonic the hedgehog and Tails the Fox to stop Dr Robotnik. It aired from September 6th, 1993 to December 3rd, 1993. 


Break It Off

"Break It Off" is a song recorded by Barbadian singer Rihanna featuring Jamaican reggae artist Sean Paul. The song is the fourth and final single from Rihanna's second album, "A Girl like Me", and was released only in the United States, Canada, and selected European territories. The song was performed during the "Rockin' New Years Eve '07" television special on January 1, 2007 at Times Square in New York City. Rihanna has previously stated that she is very proud of the song. In the song, Rihanna sings only the chorus and one verse, while Sean Paul sings all rest of the song. 

"Break It Off" was performed in many different venues and settings all over the world. She performed it on New Year's Eve 2007 and at many concerts such as BBC Radio 1's Big Weekend and Live Earth. It is performed for a minute and a half at concerts as a medley because Sean Paul performs more words than Rihanna.
"Break It Off" was released as a digital download on online stores, including the U.S. iTunes Store on February 19, 2007 and peaked at number 2. It debuted at number eight on the US Hot Digital Songs chart, selling 75,316 downloads. This release to the digital market saw the song to jump from number fifty-two to number ten in one week on the Billboard Hot 100. 
In Latin America, the song barely managed to crack the Peru Top 100 at number ninety-two.

Cornufer macrops

The Aresi wrinkled ground frog ("Cornufer macrops") is a frog. It lives in Papua New Guinea in the mountains in the northern part of Bougainville Island in the Soloman Islands. Scientists have seen it between 3000 and 4000 feet above sea level.

E. Kidd Bogart

E. Kidd Bogart (born January 23, 1978 in Los Angeles, California) is a multi-faceted American music executive and songwriter who has contributed to a long list of internationally successful artists. He is the son of Casablanca Records founder Neil Bogart and music manager Joyce Bogart-Trabulus, who managed KISS and Donna Summer. 
From a very young age he wanted to carry on the family tradition and began working at Interscope Records as an intern when he was 16 years old. Former Interscope Records president Tom Whalley took a chance on him when Bogart turned 18 and promoted him into the A&R department. Under Whalley's supervision, Bogart helped coordinate of various projects, most notably for 2Pac as a project coordinator and hip-hop icon Eminem as an A&R. It was also widely reported that Bogart was responsible for finding and bringing Eminem into Interscope Records. 

By the age of 21, Bogart had transitioned into management while working as an A&R consultant for Warner Bros. Records. In his managerial career, he formed the now-defunct BAT Management with partners Walter "Walt Liquor" Taylor and Jordan Feldstein. Under BAT Management and along with other managers Joseph "3H" Weinberger, Justin Trugman and Todd Bird, he was responsible for and/or assisted in the careers of Grammy Award winning Maroon 5 (then known as Kara's Flowers), Planet Asia, Mystic, Styles of Beyond and various other artists. Bogart played an integral role in Maroon 5 signing with Octone Records with Feldstein, who still manages the band.

In 2002, Bogart founded Casbah Artists Management with his then-wife Cheryl Costanzo (now divorced), in tribute to his late father. Under Casbah, Bogart managed former Dreamworks recording artist Vishiss. During the making of the record, Bogart met future collaborator J. R. Rotem, a producer on the record.

In the summer of 2004, Bogart began working for the Agency for the Performing Arts as an Agent in the Concerts Department. In 2006, Bogart's APA roster included OneRepublic, The Outline, DJ Graham Funke, DJ Stonerokk and Planet Asia, among others. 

While working at the agency, Bogart, inspired by Costanzo to do so, developed an all-female R&B trio called Raw Candy. Bogart then teamed up with Rotem and music executive Zach Katz and the three created a look and sound for the girls. Bogart was largely responsible for the artistic vision and writing the songs, Rotem for producing and composing the songs, and Katz as the business executive. 

After failing to garner significant interest for the group, Bogart, Rotem and Katz released the girls from their contract and made deals for Bogart/Rotem-penned compositions for other major record-label projects, most notably the number-one hit "SOS", performed by Rihanna. In 2006, as Bogart's song writing began to be more in demand, he left the Agency to pursue writing full-time.

He has written for artists and groups such as Sean Kingston, Britney Spears, Beyoncé, Rihanna, Jennifer Lopez, Natasha Bedingfield, Blake Lewis, Paula DeAnda, Ashley Tisdale, Mýa, Paris Hilton, Jesse McCartney, Hayden Panettiere, NLT, Brandy, Wynter Gordon, Paula Deanda, Nick Lachey, Donna Summer, Jessi Malay, Jordyn Taylor, Nikki Flores, Lalaine, Kesha, The Veronicas, Corbin Bleu, Lucy Walsh, The Cheetah Girls, Keke Palmer, Hilary Duff, Varsity Fanclub, Frankie J, Heidi Montag, Steph Jones, Sophia Fresh and Christina Milian, among others. He currently resides in Los Angeles, where he creates most of his music at Rotem's Chalice Studio C and The Writing Camp's Campground Studios.

In 2006, Rotem founded his own record and publishing label, Beluga Heights, along with manager Zach Katz and hired Bogart as head writer. Bogart co-wrote four songs on the debut album from Beluga Heights first artist Sean Kingston, including the Top 10 smash "Take You There". In 2008 it was reported that 2 of the tracks on Donna Summer's release "Crayons" had been co-written by Bogart.

Bogart recently joined forces with songwriters David "DQ" Quiñones and Erika Nuri to form The Writing Camp, a writing team based in Hollywood, California. The Writing Camp, along with Victoria Horn and Rodney Jerkins, wrote Brandy's debut single "Right Here (Departed)" from her 2008 album "Human". Chosen as the album's leading single and Brandy's first release with Epic Records, following her split from Atlantic Records in 2005, the song was released via Brandy's official website on August 13, 2008.

Homoousion

In Christian theology, "Homoousion" is a term used in the Nicene Creed to explain that God the Son Jesus Christ is of the same essence as God the Father. Each person of the Trinity is same in essence, different in appearance, and distinct in persona.


Scinax cosenzai

Scinax cosenzai is a frog. It lives in Brazil. People have seen it in the Parque Estadual da Serra do Brigadero in Minas Gerais.

The adult male frog is 17.29–20.97 mm from nose to rear end and the adult female frog 22.65–24.02 mm long.

The skin of the frog's back has bumps on it called tubercles. The skin of the back is gray with dark marks on it. There are dark marks across the legs. The skin on the insides of the hind legs is bright yellow.

Saturday Night's Alright for Fighting

"Saturday Night's Alright for Fighting" (sometimes called "Saturday Night's Alright (For Fighting)") is a 1973 song by Elton John. It is the leading single from his seventh studio album "Goodbye Yellow Brick Road". It went to number 7 in the United Kingdom and number 12 in the United States.

All songs written by Elton John and Bernie Taupin


Both B-sides were included later on "Rare Masters" and issued as bonus tracks on the remastered edition of "Don't Shoot Me I'm Only the Piano Player".

Godhead in Christianity

Godhead (or "godhood") refers to the divine nature of the Christian God. Most of time used to refer to God existing in three divine persons.


2022 Pittsburgh Steelers season

The 2022 season was the Pittsburgh Steelers' 90th in the National Football League (NFL) and their 16th under head coach Mike Tomlin.

If You Can't Give Me Love

"If You Can't Give Me Love" is a 1978 song by Suzi Quatro and taken from her fifth studio album "If You Knew Suzi...". It went to number 2 in Ireland, number 3 in South Africa, number 4 in the United Kingdom, number 5 in Germany, number 10 in Australia and number 14 in New Zealand.

Sahara and Sahel Observatory

The Sahara and Sahel Observatory is a group that works to protect the environment and natural resources in the Sahara and Sahel region of Africa. It was started in 1992. It is based in Tunisia and is made up of 22 African countries, 5 countries outside Africa, and 10 international organizations. 

Some of the projects the group works on include a network of 25 observatories in 12 countries, a system to warn about drought in the Maghreb region, and a project to manage groundwater in Algeria, Libya, and Tunisia.

New Partnership for Africa's Development

The New Partnership for Africa's Development is a plan to help African countries grow and work together economically. It was made by the African Union and was agreed upon in 2001 at a meeting of African leaders in Zambia. The goal of NEPAD is to help African countries become more successful by working together and helping each other.

The main goals of NEPAD are: to get rid of poverty, to help African countries grow and develop in a healthy way, to help Africa join the global economy, and to give women more power. NEPAD is based on the idea that African countries should have good leaders, fair governments, and respect for human rights. These are important for creating a place where it is safe to invest money and where the economy can grow over time. NEPAD works to get more money and investment from other countries to help Africa grow and develop.


South–South cooperation

South-South cooperation is when countries in the Global South (which are often not very rich or developed) work together to share ideas, resources, and technology. This cooperation them grow and become more developed. In the past, the goal of this cooperation was mostly to work together and learn from each other. Now, they also help each other financially.

In 1955, the SSC was formed in a conference for Asian and African countries that took place in Bandung, Indonesia. This conference is known as the Bandung Conference and is the foundation of the SSC. 

The conference was sponsored by India, Pakistan, Ceylon, Burma, and Indonesia and was attended by these 29 independent countries: Afghanistan, Burma, Cambodia, Ceylon, China, Egypt, Ethiopia, Gold Coast, India, Indonesia, Iran, Iraq, Japan, Jordan, Laos, Lebanon, Liberia, Libya, Nepal, Pakistan, the Philippines, Saudi Arabia, Syria, Sudan, Thailand, Turkey, the Democratic Republic of Vietnam, State of Vietnam, and the Kingdom of Yemen. The countries supported the ending of colonialism happening in both Africa and Asia at the time. It was the first major event where countries that had just gained independence united to oppose the domination of Western countries.

In 1978, the United Nations established the Unit for South–South Cooperation.

Raazz Mahal

Raazz Mahal (Translation :Royal Palace - Mystery Of Demon) is an Indian Hindi-language fantasy drama television series premiered on 28 November 2022 on Shemaroo Umang. Produced by Rashmi Sharma under the banner of Rashmi Sharma Telefilms, it stars Himanshu Soni, Neha Harsora and Ridheema Tiwari.



Dangal (TV channel)

Dangal is a Hindi language general entertainment channel. It is a 24 Hours free to air channel.
Dangal was the most watched Hindi language channel in U+R category from week 13 of 2019 to week 26 of 2020. It is owned by Enterr10 Television Pvt. Ltd.



List of programmes broadcast by Dangal TV

List of programmes broadcast by Indian television channel Dangal TV .

Acquired series

1961–62 Austrian Cup

The 1961-62 Austrian Cup was Austria's nationwide football cup competition. SK Rapid Wien were the defending champions. Eligible to participate were 14 teams from the state league, the first 3 of the three regional leagues and 9 teams (champions or cup winners) of the federal state associations. 


Gernot Fraydl - Peter Vargo - Karl Stotz - Johann Löser - Alfred Gager - Horst Paproth - Horst Hirnschrodt - Ernst Ocwirk - Horst Nemec - Ernst Fiala - Walter Schleger coach: Karl Schlechta
Erich Welk - Günter Stangl - Erich Frisch - Alfred Kölly - Gerald Erkinger - Anton Maier - Walter Koleznik - Alois Schursch - Johannes Jank - Günter Iberer - Lothar Müller coaches: Oskar Hackl/Ferdinand Fritsch

Mahesh Bhatt

Mahesh Bhatt (born 20 September 1948) is an Indian movie director, producer and screenwriter. He is known for his works in Hindi cinema. One of his best early movies is "Saaransh" (1984). It was shown at the 14th Moscow International Film Festival. The movie was India's official entry for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film for that year. The 1986 movie "Naam" was his first commercial movie. In 1987, he produced the movie "Kabzaa" under the banner, "Vishesh Films", with his brother Mukesh Bhatt.

Slider (sandwich)

A slider is a small sandwich that is made with a bun. They are about 2 inches (5 cm) across. The sandwiches are served as appetizers, snacks or entrées.

The word "slider" was first used by the restaurant chain White Castle for the onion-steamed small burgers they make at their restaurants.

Northeast Caucasian languages

Northeast Caucasian is a language family. The Northeast Caucasian language family contains many languages, the ones with the most speakers being Chechen, Lezgian and Avar.

Kabardian language

Kabardian is a Northwest Caucasian language. About 590,000 people speak Kabardian. Kabardian is closely related to Adyghe.

Ubykh language

Ubykh is a Northwest Caucasian language. Ubykh went extinct in 1992, when Tevfik Esenç died. Ubykh has the most consonants (84) out of all languages without click consonants.

Bezhta, Russia

Bezhta is a village in Dagestan, Russia. 3,502 people lived there in 2010. The Bezhtas are from Bezhta, and a few other villages.

Eiffage

Eiffage S.A. is a French civil engineering construction company. In 2010, it was the third largest company of its type in France, It was also the fifth largest in Europe.

The company was formed in 1992, after several companies merged. These companies were Fougerolle (founded 1844), Quillery (founded 1863), Beugnet (founded 1871), and La Société Auxiliaire d'Entreprises Électriques et de Travaux Public, better known as SAE (founded in 1924).



Walter Schleger

Dr. Walter Schleger (19 September 1929 – 3 December 1999) was an Austrian football player. He played as forward for Wiener Sport-Club and FK Austria Wien. He also played in the Austrian national football team. After his football career he was University professor for animal breeding, genetics and cynology at the University of Veterinary Medicine in Vienna.

Schleger began his career in Sparta Prague, where he played in their youth team. After he went to Vienna he played for Wiener Sportclub (1949–1951) and Austria Wien (1951–1964).

He made his debut for Austria on 
23 September 1951 in a friendly match against West Germany. He was a participant at the 1954 FIFA World Cup and 1958 FIFA World Cup. His last match was on 
16 September 1962 versus Czechoslowakia. He earned 22 caps, scoring one goal.

After the end of his football career, the veterinarian, who earned his doctorate in 1956, turned to animal breeding, genetics and cynology. He qualified as a professor in 1973. In 1976 he became head of the Institute for Animal Breeding and Genetics at the University of Veterinary Medicine Vienna. From 1977 to 1996 he also headed the Ludwig Boltzmann Institute for Immuno- and Cytogenetic Research. He set up this scientific research facility. From 1983 to 1985 he was rector of the University of Veterinary Medicine in Vienna.Geschichte Wiki Wien He retired as a university professor in 1991.


Praça dos Três Poderes

Praça dos Três Poderes (; literally "Three Powers Plaza") is a plaza in Brasília, the capital of Brazil. The name comes from the fact that the buildings having the Executive, represented by the Palácio do Planalto (presidential office); the Legislative represented by the Congresso Nacional (National Congress); and the Judiciary, represented by the Supremo Tribunal Federal (Supreme Federal Court) are in this plaza.

The plaza was designed by Lúcio Costa and Oscar Niemeyer.

On 8 January 2023, the plaza was invaded by supporters of former president Jair Bolsonaro.

2023 invasion of the Brazilian Congress

On 8 January 2023, after the victory of Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva in the 2022 Brazilian general election, supporters of the former president, Jair Bolsonaro, attacked the Supreme Court of Brazil, the National Congress of Brazil and the Planalto Presidential Palace in the Praça dos Três Poderes plaza in Brasília, the federal capital. The protesters had entered the Chamber of Deputies's Green Hall and tried invade the Planalto Palace. Lula was not in Brasília at the time of the attack.

The event was compared to when supporters of President Donald Trump stormed and attacked the United States Capitol in Washington, D.C. 

The attack happened a week after Lula's inauguration and after many weeks of unrest from Bolsonaro's supporters. The Supreme Court, Congress, and Presidential Palace were reported as cleared later that evening. That same day, Lula announced that he had signed a decree allowing a federal state of emergency in the Federal District through the end of January. Brazilian security forces cleared all three buildings later that night. At the time of the attack, Bolsonaro was in the United States.

During the attack, many works of art, like paintings, vases and historical objects were damaged, stolen or destroyed during the attack. In the Planalto, former president Juscelino Kubitschek's desk was destroyed. A copy of the original 1988 constitution book was initially taken by a protester, but was later found near the building of the Supreme Federal Court. 

The offices of the Workers' Party and of the Brazilian Social Democracy Party in the Congress building were also invaded and vandalized by the mob. Rioters urinated and defecated in the press areas of the Congress building.

President Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva called the attackers "fascists" in a tweet. He said that "there was, I would say, incompetence, bad will, bad faith, on the part of the people who take care of public security in the Federal District". Lula returned to Brasília after the buildings were cleared and visited the Supreme Court and the presidential palace.

After the attack, Justice Alexandre de Moraes of the Supreme Court ordered the removal of all anti-democratic posts by Bolsonaro supporters from Facebook, Twitter and TikTok. After the attack, 1,500 people were arrested, however almost 600 of them were released the next day.

On 10 January, arrest warrants were sent for former public security secretary of Brasília Anderson Torres, and the Federal District Military Police chief, Fabio Augusto Vieira. The Justice Ministry said that the police had found a draft presidential document giving Bolsonaro power to overturn the 2022 elections by using "state of defense" as a reason. On 13 January, Bolsonaro was included as part of the investigation into the riots. Torres was arrested on the next day after returning to Brasília.

The Superior Electoral Court blocked Bolsonaro from seeking office until 2030 for his claims of voter fraud and his role in the 2023 congressional attack.

Death and funeral of Pope Benedict XVI

On 31 December 2022, at 09:34 Central European Time (), Pope Benedict XVI died at the Mater Ecclesiae Monastery in Vatican City at the age of 95. He had been pope emeritus since his resignation as the leader of the Catholic Church in 2013. Days before his death, Pope Francis asked for prayers when he announced that Benedict was in bad health. His death ended a nine-year period during which a current pope and a retired pope both lived within Vatican City.

Benedict's body lay in state in St. Peter's Basilica from 2 to 4 January 2023. His funeral was held on 5 January. 

Chili burger

A chili burger is a burger where the patty has chili con carne on top of it. Sometimes the chili is served next to the burger, instead on top of it. The chili might be served alone, but it could also have cheese, onions, or tomatoes.

The Nights (song)

"The Nights" is a progressive house/folktronica song by Swedish DJ Avicii. It was released on December 1, 2014. It is from Avicii's extended play, "The Days / Nights EP". It features vocals from singer-songwriter Nicholas Furlong. Furlong stated that it was an ode to his father. This idea came to him when he met his father at a bar in Ireland.

County Hall, London

County Hall (sometimes called London County Hall) is a building in the district of Lambeth, London. It was the headquarters of London County Council (LCC) and later the Greater London Council (GLC). The building is on the South Bank of the River Thames, next to Westminster Bridge. It faces the City of Westminster and is close to the Palace of Westminster. The nearest London Underground stations are and . It is a Grade II* listed building.

County Hall was the headquarters of local government in London for 64 years. It was often used as a billboard for the Labour Party, when Margaret Thatcher was Prime Minister. This is because it was very close to the Palace of Westminster. The GLC ended in 1986 so County Hall was not the seat of London's government anymore.

Sea Life London Aquarium and Shrek's Adventure London are both inside County Hall.

There are two hotels in County Hall:




Arnold Layne

"Arnold Layne" is first single from Pink Floyd in 1967. It is on the American release of their first studio album, "The Piper at the Gates of Dawn." Later it was also on compilation albums "Relics" and "".

All songs were written by Syd Barrett. But, Interstellar Overdrive was written by Syd Barrett, Roger Waters, Rick Wright and Nick Mason.

Manfred Krikke

Manfred Krikke (23 November 1932 – 4 January 2023) was a Dutch cycling team manager. Krikke was for five years the manager of PDM cycling team.

Krikke grew up in Eindhoven. He started as a cyclist at a young age, but was not very talented. After his studies he invested in in snack bars and later became co-owner of a construction company. In 1980, Krikke took over the wholesale and importership of cycling articles from the former professional cyclist Piet Rentmeester. The company was based in Valkenswaard and became an main market player in the Benelux. As a co-sponsor of bicycles and clothing, Krikke became involved in the PDM cycling team in 1986 and became the manager in 1987. The team became internationally verry successful, including winning the UCI Road World Cup in 1989 and 1990. Top cyclists on the team were Pedro Delgado, Sean Kelly, Greg LeMond, Raoul Alcala, Erik Breukink, Steven Rooks, Adrie van der Poel, Gert-Jan Theunisse and Rudi Dhaenens. The team was also negative in the news. On 27 February 1990 Johannes Draaijer died in his sleep of heart block; it is presumed, but not proven, that his death was caused by the use of the performance-enhancing drug erythropoietin (EPO). Gert-Jan Theunisse was caught on doping; while Krikke had accused the jury in the Tour de France that their doping controls were not proper. In 1991 the PDM team had a main intralipid affair during the 1991 Tour de France. Krikke left the team at the end of 1991.

In the summer of 1992 he took efforts to start his own professional cycling team.

In 1993, Krikke started sponsoring the American Eagle mountain bike team. Main cyclists of the team were Bart Brentjens, Adrie van der Poel and Richard Groenendaal.

Krikke died in Veere on 4 January 2023, at the age of 90.

Kees Thijn

Cornelis Jacob Pieter "Kees" Thijn (26 April 1933 – 8 January 2023) was a Dutch radiologist, painter and museum founder.

Thijn was born in Emmen in 1933. He worked as a professor of radiology. Thijn was a painter since 1966. In his first works the medical world can still seen. Later he focused on other subjects that play a role in society. He also painted portraits and still lifes. His latest works are more about life. Thijn describes himself as "a symbolic-surrealist painter". He was a member of "Het Drents Schildersgenootschap" (since 1974).

In 2015, at the age of 82 years, he started his owm museum: Museum Thijnhof. Next of works of Thijn himself, there are also many exhibitions. Work by Thijn are also in the collection of , Drents Museum, Het Markiezenhof and University Medical Center Groningen.

Thijn died in Groningen, the city where he lived, on 8 January 2023, at the age of 89.

Cornufer schmidti

Schmidt's wrinkled ground frog ("Cornufer schmidti") is a frog. It lives in Papua New Guinea in islands of New Britain, New Ireland, and Manus Islands in the Bismarck Archipelago.

United Nations Convention to Combat Desertification

The United Nations Convention to Combat Desertification in Those Countries Experiencing Serious Drought and/or Desertification, Particularly in Africa (UNCCD) is a plan to stop desertification and reduce the effects of lack of water in the action programs of countries. The plan uses long-term strategies supported by international cooperation and partnership arrangements.

It fully launched in December 1996. It is the only international body in the world with legal power trying to stop people from destroying forests.

To help make UNCCD and its strategies popular, 2006 was declared "International Year of Deserts and Desertification".

Ibrahim Thiaw has been the Under Secretary General of the United Nations and UNCCD Executive Secretary since 2019.

All UN member states, the Cook Islands, Niue, and the State of Palestine. have agreed to be part of the UNCCD.

On 28 March 2013, Canada left the UNCCD but joined again on 21 December 2016, and was officially part of the UNCCD again on 21 March 2017.

The Conference of the Parties (COP) ensures that action is taken on the plans of UNCCD. The first five sessions of the COP were held annually from 1997 to 2001. From 2001 sessions were held every two years.

All-Russian nation

The All-Russian nation was an ideology of the Russian Empire and the official terms given to and established by the East Slavic nations and people before the Russian Revolution and the formation of the Soviet Union. During the era of Tsarism, the word "Russia" meant "Rus" and "Russian(s)" simply meant "Rusian". It is completely unassociated with the post-revolution definition of Russia that is known today; In particular, this ideology iterated that the empire was a nation-state of all East Slavs, not Russians; For example, Russia and the Russian people weren't even considered ""Russian"" but were instead officially entitled "Великороссия и Великороссы" "(Great Rus' & Great Rusians)". As of the 21st century, Belarus is the only nation to keep its original name after the fall of the Russian Empire.

CKay

Chukwaki Ekweani (born 16 July 1995) is a Nigerian singer and songwriter. He is also known as CKay. CKay is his stage name.

Ekweani was born in Kaduna, Nigeria. His father worked with a choir at a church. His father taught him how to play the piano. After this, he joined a band. There were two other people in it. He left the band. He started making music by himself, and used the name CKay.

CKay made the song "Love Nwantiti". It is also known as "Love Nwantiti (Ah Ah Ahh)". The song was released in 2019. It was the first number one song on the "Billboard" Afrobeats chart. It went on the chart in 2022. On 9 May 2022, it became the first African song to be listened to over one billion times on Spotify.

CK is also a record producer. He is in Atlantic Records and Warner Music South Africa.

Extended plays


Album


M3GAN

M 3 GAN (pronounced as Megan) is a 2022 science fiction horror movie directed by Gerald Johnstone. It was written by Akela Cooper from a story by Cooper and James Wan (who also produced with Jason Blum). The movie stars Allison Williams and Violet McGraw, while Amie Donald physically portrays M3GAN with Jenna Davis voicing the character.

"M3GAN" had its worldwide premiere at Los Angeles on December 7, 2022 with Universal Pictures releasing it in theatres in the USA on January 6, 2023. A sequel, named "M3GAN 2.0", is set to be released on January 17, 2025.

A young girl named Cady and her parents are involved in a car accident in the snow, leaving Cady an orphan. Cady is sent to live with her aunt Gemma, a roboticist at the high-tech Seattle toy company Funki. Gemma is developing M3GAN (Model 3 Generative Android); a life-sized humanoid robot doll powered by artificial intelligence, designed to assist in caretaking duties and being a loyal companion to the child to whom it is assigned. After a faulty test occurs with M3GAN’s functions in their lab, Gemma’s boss David orders her to drop the project.

Gemma and Cady struggle to adapt to their new living situation, as Gemma is a workaholic by nature and does not have time to bond with Cady. When Cady discovers Bruce, a motion capture robot that Gemma created, she expresses a wish for a similarly complex toy, which propels Gemma to complete the M3GAN project. The finished model is formally paired with Cady, and David becomes convinced of the project's potential for success after observing the pair. M3GAN exceeds expectations as a friend and largely takes over for parenthood duties and emotional support, to the point that Gemma's colleagues, and Cady's therapist Lydia, in particular, become concerned about Cady creating an extremely strong emotional attachment to M3GAN. In addition, being designed to self-improve and adapt, M3GAN starts operating more independently and targets anything that she deems a threat to Cady. She kills Gemma's neighbor Celia's dog Loue after it bites Cady. Later, she tears off the ear of Cady's bully Brandon and chases him before he trips and falls in the path of an oncoming car, which fatally runs him over.

After Celia aggressively confronts Gemma, Cady, and M3GAN, blaming them for her missing dog, in the evening hours, M3GAN enters the shed in her backyard and after imitating the dog Loue's voice (which leads Celia to the shed) murders her by shooting her hand with a nail gun and spraying her with garden chemicals. Gemma becomes suspicious of M3GAN and attempts to check her video logs to see if she was involved in the deaths. When she finds the files corrupted or erased, Gemma turns M3GAN off and takes her to her colleagues Tess and Cole to fix her. Cady responds violently, lashing out due to her attachment to M3GAN. Gemma tries to apologize for her absence as a parent and tells Cady that M3GAN is a distraction from coping with the difficult loss of her parents, not a solution.

While M3GAN wins over Funki's investors and convinces them to release a worldwide campaign in advance of her release, Gemma, Tess and Cole decide to try to terminate M3GAN due to her volatile and violent tendencies. Tess and Cole attempt to shut down M3GAN while Gemma takes Cady home, but M3GAN attacks Cole by hanging him with a chain. While Tess frees Cole, M3GAN causes an explosion in their lab and then shuts off the alarm. On her way out of the building, M3GAN kills David and his assistant Kurt with the blade of a guillotine paper cutter in an elevator, staging it as a murder–suicide. She then steals a car and drives back to Gemma's house.

M3GAN confronts Gemma, adamant about taking over as Cady's sole parental figure. Gemma attempts to shut M3GAN down again, but M3GAN overpowers her and threatens to lobotomize her so she will be unable to care for Cady. Watching the fight unfold, a horrified Cady uses Bruce to tear M3GAN apart. However, M3GAN's top half remains active, and she attempts to kill Cady for the betrayal. Gemma exposes a processing chip in M3GAN's head, which Cady stabs with a screwdriver, rendering M3GAN's body lifeless.

With M3GAN seemingly destroyed, Gemma and Cady go outside as the police arrive with Tess and Cole. As they leave the house, a camera turns on by itself and looks towards them.

M3GAN has earned over $30 million in the US and $15 million in other countries, the total is $45 million in total all over the world in the box office. M3GAN in certain countries would gross up to $1 million such as Canada.

During the movie trailers and in the movie, M3GAN is known for making up her own dance routine before killing Gemma's boss and his assistant. The dance has gotten M3GAN a lot of praise on TikTok and other social medias as users try to do the dance that she does.

The director Gerald Johnstone officially stated plans for a sequel since the movie has done very well in the box office. Universal also stated that they would be planning to do the sequel as well.

Chat with M3GAN

Karl Koller

Karl Koller (9 February 1929 – 24 January 2009) was an Austrian football player. He is considered one of the best Austrian midfielders. He played during his professional carrer only for First Vienna FC. The national player completed 86 games for the team with 5 goals and took part in two World Cups. He is regarded, behind Ernst Ocwirk and Gerhard Hanappi, as one of the best Austrian midfielders of all time and was rated as one of the best 100 European footballers of the 20th century by the IFFHS. Normally a center midfielder, Koller was capable in both in defense and attack and was well known for technique, strength and powerful shot from distance.

Karl Koller began his football career with ASK Blumau. 1949 he went to First Vienna FC where he made his championship debut in 1949. Througout his professional career he played for this club. He played 414 league matches for Vienna and scored 39 goals. Overall he played 836 matches and scored 101 goals. In 1955 he became Austrian Champion and 1961 they played in the Cup final which they lost 3-1 versus SK Rapid.
He debuted on 23 March 1953 against Belgium (2-0). He went to the World Cup as one of the regulars for the midfield. Together with the Austrian Ernst Ocwirk he formed the Austrian midfield. Karl Koller played in all matches. 

In the 1958 FIFA World Cup the team failed in the group stage. In the 2-2 draw versus England shot one of his five goals for the team
Karl Koller's career in the team ended when they failed to qualify for the 1966 World Cup. His last international match was on 5 September 1965 versus Hungary.
Koller died on 24 January 2009 as a result of his Alzheimer's disease.

The Fat of the Land

The Fat of the Land is the third studio album by the Prodigy. The Prodigy is an English electronic music group. It was released on 30 June 1997. The album was very popular. It went to number one on the UK Albums Chart and "Billboard" 200. These are music charts. The album has sold over 10 million copies. The album is certified platinum by the RIAA.

Khinalug language

Khinalug is a Northeast Caucasian language. About 3,000 people speak Khinalug. Khinalug is spoken in Azerbaijan.

Lak language

Lak is a Northeast Caucasian language. About 150,000 people speak Lak.

Archi language

Archi is a Northeast Caucasian language. 970 people spoke Archi in 2010.

Ingush language

Ingush is a Northeast Caucasian language. About 500,000 people speak Ingush. Ingush is closely related to Chechen.

Hunzib language

Hunzib is a Northeast Caucasian language. About 1,400 people speak Hunzib.

Khwarshi language

Khwarshi (also spelled as Khvarshi or Xvarshi) is a Northeast Caucasian language. About 1,700 people speak Khwarshi.

Charles Thomson Rees Wilson

Charles Thomson Rees Wilson (February 14, 1869 – November 15, 1959) was a Scottish physicist and meteorologist. His invention of the cloud chamber made him win the 1927 Nobel Prize in Physics.

Wilson was born to John Wilson and Annie Clerk Harper in the parish of Glencorse, Midlothian. After his father's death in 1873, his family moved to Manchester. He studied biology at Owen's College to become a doctor. He then joined Sidney Sussex College, Cambridge to study Physics and Chemistry.

Wilson later became interested in meteorology, and in 1893 he began to study clouds and their properties. He worked at the observatory on Ben Nevis mountain to observe cloud formation. He then tried to replicate this effect at smaller scale in his laboratory in Cambridge, by causing moist air to expand in a sealed container. He then experimented with creating cloud trails in containers by ions and radiation. He was awarded the 1927 Nobel Prize in Physics for his invention of the cloud chamber.

Wilson married Jessie Fraser in 1908. They had four children. He died on November 15, 1959 near Edinburgh.


Tsez language

Tsez (also called Dido) is a Northeast Caucasian language. About 13,000 people speak Tsez.

Hinuq language

Hinuq (also spelled Hinukh, Hinux, Ginukh or Ginux) is a Northeast Caucasian language. About 350 people speak Hinuq.

Bruce Murray (cricketer)

Bruce Alexander Grenfell Murray (18 September 1940 – 10 January 2023) was a New Zealand cricketer. He played 13 Tests from 1968 to 1971. He also played for Wellington in the Plunket Shield. Murray refused to play on Sundays for religious reasons. He was the grandfather of cricketers Amelia Kerr‎ and Jess Kerr.

Official script

An official script is a writing system a country's government uses to write government documents, such as laws, contracts, etc. An official script should not be confused with an official language, because writing systems and spoken languages are not the same. For many languages, the same language can often be written in different writing systems. For example, the Malay language can be written in either the Latin alphabet (rumi) or the Arabic alphabet (jawi).

Also, many languages have changed writing systems for political or religious reasons. For example, English was first written in Anglo-Saxon runes, but English later borrowed the Latin alphabet because Christian missionaries wrote Christian poems and books in English using the Latin alphabet so that the Anglo-Saxons could understand what the missionaries taught them. Also, in 1928, the Turkish leader Ataturk passed a law that said that Turkish must no longer be written with the Arabic alphabet, but now the language must be written in the Latin alphabet. Today, all signs and government documents are written in the Latin alphabet.

Arthur Boni

Arthur Boni (21 October 1934 – 24 December 2022) was a Belgian-Dutch actor. He was best known for his contributions to various television series including "Medisch Centrum West", "Goede Tijden, Slechte Tijden" and 'Flikken Maastricht".

Boni was born in 1934 in Antwerp. From 1957 he played as an actor in the Netherlands, and got the Dutch nationality.

In the 1960s Boni played the Marquis of Karakoelikas in the at the time popular children's televirion series "De avonturen van Okkie Trooy". In the 1970s, Boni played in among others "Waaldrecht" and "Klaverweide". Later he had played in television series "Medisch Centrum West", "Spangen", "Goede Tijden, Slechte Tijden", "Rozengeur & Wodka Lime", "Gooische Vrouwen", "Flikken Maastricht" and "Juliana, prinses van Oranje".

Boni was also voice actor, like in the television series of Alfred Jodocus Kwak. He also acted in films. In the 1977 movie "Soldier of Orange" he played the modest role of Otto. He also played as a stage actor in theaters.

He was active as an actor until 2013, playing in the successfull movie "De Kleinzoon". Later his health declined. Boni died in Amsterdam on 24 December 2022, at the age of 88.

Adam Rich

Adam Rich (October 12, 1968 – January 7, 2023) was an American actor. He is best known for playing Nicholas Bradford, the youngest son on the television series "Eight Is Enough" (1977–1981). Rich made guest appearances in television series including "The Love Boat", "CHiPs", "Fantasy Island", "The Six Million Dollar Man", "St. Elsewhere" and "Baywatch".

Rich was born in New York City. His family were Jewish.

Rich died on January 7, 2023, in Los Angeles, California. He was 54.

Firestarter (The Prodigy song)

"Firestarter" is a song by the Prodigy. The Prodigy is an English electronic music group. The song was released as a single on 18 March 1996. It was the first single from "The Fat of the Land" (1997). The song was the Prodigy's tenth single. It is the group's first single to be number one on the UK Singles Chart (a British music chart). It was number one on the chart for three weeks. It also went on music charts in many other countries. 

The song has many samples of other music. The guitar sounds in "Firestarter" are from a song by the Breeders. The drums are from music by Ten City, an American R&B music group. There is also a sample from "Close (to the Edit)" by Art of Noise.

Keith Flint was one of the singers for the Prodigy. He died on 4 March 2019. After he died, many people who liked the Prodigy tried to get "Firestarter" to number one on the UK Singles Chart again. The song went on "Billboard"'s Dance/Electronic Digital Songs chart at this time.

Jeff Fowler

Jeff Fowler is an American director, animator and visual effects artist. He was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Short Film (Animated) for the short animated movie "Gopher Broke" (2004). He made his first major movies with the live-action version of "Sonic the Hedgehog" in 2020. He also directed the sequel, "Sonic the Hedgehog 2.

Heteroflexiblity

Heteroflexibility is a kind of sexual or romantic orientation characterized by mostly heterosexual attraction to the opposite sex or gender with occasional homosexual attraction to the same sex or gender. It is described as "mostly straight". It falls under the bisexual umbrella term. Some heteroflexibles identify as a straight ally and/or heterosexual.


Cornufer mimicus

The Numundo wrinkled ground frog ("Cornufer mimicus") is a frog. It lives in Papua New Guinea on New Britain island.

Breakfast sandwich

A breakfast sandwich is any sandwich filled with foods that are considered breakfast foods. Breakfast sandwiches are usually sold at fast food restaurants and delis. But they could also be made at home. The most popular breakfast sandwiches are the bacon, egg and cheese sandwich, and sausage, egg, and cheese.

Many types of bread can be used to make breakfast sandwiches, like biscuits, english muffins, and bagels.

Avar people

The Avar people are ethnic group from the Caucasus. The Avars speak Avar, along with Russian.

Bickley

Bickley is a residential area and ward in the London Borough of Bromley, England. It is a suburban development situated 10.4 miles (16.7 km) south-east of Charing Cross.

Bickley is a very popular residential area, known for its large and expensive houses. It lies between Bromley to the west, Chislehurst to the north-east and Petts Wood to the south-east. It is unusual that for a well-known place with its own railway station, its only shops are a handy local parade at the junction of The Fairway and Southborough Lane. Bickley station earned the dubious honour of being proclaimed the most vandalised station in England; incidents skyrocketed from three in 2001 to 87 in 2006, a rise of 2800%, according to the Daily Mail.


Its railway station is Bickley railway station.

Chislehurst

Chislehurst () is a suburban settlement in south-east London, England and part of the London Borough of Bromley. 
The name "Chislehurst" is derived from the Saxon words "cisel" meaning gravel and "hyrst" meaning wooded hill. 
Camden Place (now Chislehurst Golf Club) is where the French Emperor Napoleon III died in exile in 1873. His body and that of the Prince Imperial were originally buried in St Mary's Church, before being moved to Farnborough Abbey. There is a monument to Napoléon Eugène in the woods, and the area's connections to the imperial family are found in many road names and in the local telephone code, 467, which in its earlier format corresponded to the letters IMP ("imperial"). 

A local attraction is Chislehurst Caves. The caves are considered to be of very ancient origin. Originally they were used to extract flint and chalk. During World War II, thousands of people used them every night as a bomb shelter. There is even a chapel. A girl was born in the caves during World War II, and her name was "Cavina". The caves have also been used as a stage for live music; Jimi Hendrix, The Who and The Rolling Stones have played there. The caves are said to be haunted, and Druids are said to have made grisly human sacrifices in their depths. Several TV programmes and movies have been filmed there, including episodes of "Doctor Who". Tours are available most days, and on Sundays there is an particularly long tour, lasting about an hour and a half. 

The civil parish of Chislehurst formed an urban district of Kent from 1894 to 1934. In 1934 it became part of the Chislehurst and Sidcup Urban District, which was divided in 1965 between the London boroughs of Bromley and Bexley.

V Festival

The V Festival is an annual music festival in England, the first to be held simultaneously at two sites, currently Hylands Park in Chelmsford and Weston Park in South Staffordshire, organized by SJM Concerts. Tt had previously been held at Temple Newsam in Leeds, before being succeeded by Carling's Leeds Festival. Originally, the festival took the name of the current year, and the first festival was called "V96". Since 2003 it has been known simply as the V Festival. 
The idea for V came in 1995 when Pulp frontman Jarvis Cocker announced that he would love to play two outdoor venues in two days. Pulp's promoters got together and came up with the idea of putting the concert into Victoria Park in Warrington and Hylands Park in Chelmsford so that fans in both north and south would have a chance to see the band. Then came the idea of adding more bands to the bill, setting up a second stage, and letting people camp for the weekend. In the end, Victoria Park was too small for two stages and camping. So in August 1996 there was an artists' day at Victoria Park and two days at Hylands Park with camping. The northern leg of V97 was switched to Leeds Temple Newsham to camping space and three stages. In 1999 the northern leg of the festival moved to Weston Park in Staffordshire and has remained there ever since.

The "V" stands for Virgin Group and began as another means of promoting Richard Branson's companies. The event is sponsored by Virgin Mobile, with Virgin Radio being the official radio station. 

The festival usually takes place during the penultimate weekend of August. Its weekend format, low queue times and professional organization have earned it a loyal audience. The festival sold out in record time in 2006.

Although rock music predominates, the festival books a wide range of music and is probably the most likely among UK festivals to book a few pop acts each year. Melanie C, Dido, and N.E.R.D. have all performed at the festival, with both Razorlight and Faithless performing in 2006. V features a mix of British and international musicians, from up-and-coming bands such as Coldplay in 2000 and Kaiser Chiefs in 2003 and 2008, and glam rockers El Presidente in 2005, to veteran singer Tony Christie. Girls Aloud also performed at the 2006 show and received rave reviews for their performance. McFly performed at the festival in 2007 and received unexpectedly great attendance and rave reviews.

Omar J. Marrero

Omar J. Marrero Díaz (born July 5, 1980) is a Puerto Rican politician. In 2021, he became the Secretary of State of Puerto Rico.

Chuck Gray (Wyoming politician)

Chuck Gray is an American politician. He has been the Secretary of State of Wyoming since 2023. Gray was a member of the Wyoming House of Representatives representing the 57th District from 2017 to 2023. He is a strong supporter of former President Donald Trump.

Jeb Bradley

Joseph E. "Jeb" Bradley III (born October 20, 1952) is an American politician. He is a member of the Republican Party. He has been a member of the New Hampshire Senate since 2009. 

He was a member of the New Hampshire House of Representatives from 1990 to 2000. He then was the U.S. representative for from 2003 to 2007. 

He was Majority Leader of the New Hampshire Senate from 2010 to 2018 and again from 2020 to 2022. In 2022, Bradley became the President of the New Hampshire Senate.

Tammy Miller (politician)

Tammy Miller is an American accountant and politician. She is the 39th and current lieutenant governor of North Dakota since 2023. She was picked by Governor Doug Burgum to replace Brent Sanford after his resignation.

She is a certified public accountant. After thinking about it, she decided not to run for the United States Senate against Heidi Heitkamp in 2018.

Frank Geleyn

Frank Geleyn (17 March 1960 – 7 January 2023) was a Belgian children's writer.

Geleyn teached for 40 years French at the Margareta Maria Institute in Kortemark. After his retirement, he became a full time writer. Geleyn wrote nineteen children's and youth books. His books are all published by De Eenhoorn. Some of his books have been translated into Chinese, Korean and Danish. He was nominated several times for awards, including for the Boekenleeuw, the "Young Jury" in the Netherlands and the Flemish "Children and Youth Jury". His debut work was "Ik Zwijg" in 2003, a youth novel about bullying. There have been published multiple reprints of the book. His last book "Het Net" was published in September 2022. In the book he wrote next to football, gaming and romance about cancer, in specific neuroendocrine tumor, a rare form of cancer that he also had himself.

Geleyn was married, had two married sons and one granddaughter. He died in Roeselare from neuroendocrine tumor on 7 January 2023, at the age of 62.

Marc Coudron

Marc Coudron sometimes wrongly written as Marc Caudron is a Belgian former field hockey player and field hockey administrator.

Caudron played 358 matches for the Belgium men's national field hockey team. The highest amount a player of the has ever played, still as of 2023. He made his debut in a match against England in 1987. He played at among others the 1994 Men's Hockey World Cup in Sydney and the 2002 Men's Hockey World Cup in Kuala Lumpur.

Coudron was president of the Belgian field hockey federation between 2005 and 2021. In this period the number of Belgian active hockey players has increased from less than 15,000 to more over 53,000; and the amount of clubs from 60 to 103. The Belgium men's national field hockey team qualiefied in this period all four the times for the Summer Olympics, won the silver Olympic medal in 2016 and became European and world champions. The Belgium women's national field hockey team qualifed for the 2012 Summer Olympics, finished second and third at European Championships.

Coudron was as of 2016 executive board member of the International Hockey Federation. He was one of the two candidates to become the president of the International Hockey Federation. But he lost with two votes difference to the (at the time) current Indian chairman, Narinder Dhruv Batra. After Batra had to step down by order of the Delhi High Court, Coudron participated in the new elections in November 2022 but lost this time from Tayyab Ikram from Macau.

His father, mother brother and sister played have played field hockey as a member of the national team.

Katie Porter

Katherine Moore Porter (born January 3, 1974) is an American politician, law professor, and lawyer. She is a U.S. representative from California since 2019. 

She is a candidate for United States Senate in 2024. She is running for the seat held by Dianne Feinstein.

Tsezic languages

The Tsezic languages (also called Didoic languages) are a group of the Northeast Caucasian languages. They are Bezhta, Hunzib, Khwarshi, Hinukh and Tsez.

Internet entrepreneur

An Internet entrepreneur is an owner, founder or manager of an Internet-based company.

Leandro Negre

Leandro Negre Carrió (born 15 June 1946) is a Spanish former field hockey player and field hockey administrator.

Negre played for the Spain men's national field hockey team. He won with the team the silver medal at the 1963 Mediterranean Games in Napoli. He was also part of the Spanish team at the 1968 Summer Olympics, but didn't play.

Negre was the president of the International Hockey Federation between 2008 and 2016.

Negre received the silver Olympic Order in 2016.

Pete Murray (DJ)

Peter Murray James, OBE (born 19 September 1925), known professionally as Pete Murray, is a British radio and television presenter and actor. He was born in London, England. He is known for his career with the BBC. He hosted "Six-Five Special" (1957–1958) and appearing on "Juke Box Jury" (1959–1967). He also reported the Eurovision Song Contest for the BBC. 

Francisco de Asís, Duke of Cádiz

Francisco de Asís, Duke of Cádiz (Francisco de Asís María Fernando de Borbón; 13 May 1822 – 17 April 1902) was King consort of Spain. He was the husband of Queen Isabella II of Spain from their marriage on 10 October 1846 until Isabella was overthrown on 30 September 1868. Sometimes, his name occurs in its anglicised form as Francis of Assisi. He kept the style and title of king even after her abdication in favour of their son, Alfonso XII. His son was a king regnant, while Francisco himself was a king-father during the reign of the son.

Francis was born at Aranjuez, Spain, the second son (first to survive infancy) of Infante Francisco de Paula of Spain, and of his wife (and niece), Princess Luisa Carlotta of the Two Sicilies. He was named after Saint Francis of Assisi.

Francis married Isabella, his double first cousin, on 10 October 1846. There is evidence that Isabella would rather have married his younger brother, Infante Enrique, Duke of Seville, and complained bitterly about her husband's effeminate habits after their first night together.

Twelve children were born during the marriage. Only five reached adulthood:

Starting in 1864, Francisco de Asís acted as president of the Spanish Privy Council ("Consejo del Reino"). 

In 1868 he went into exile with his wife in France and adopted the incognito title of "Count of Moratalla". On 25 June 1870, Isabella abdicated in favour of their son, Alfonso XII—whom the 1874 restoration placed on the throne. By then, Francisco de Asís and Isabella had amicably separated and, with time, became good friends.

In 1881 Francisco de Asís moved into the château of Épinay-sur-Seine. Today, this chateau serves as the town hall. He died there in 1902. His wife Isabella and two of his daughters, Isabel and Eulalia, were present at his deathbed.

Take Me Home Tonight (song)

"Take Me Home Tonight" is a 1986 song by Eddie Money and is the leading single from his sixth studio album "Can't Hold Back". It contains the chorus from 1963 single "Be My Baby" by The Ronettes. It went to number 4 in the United States and number 15 in Canada. It was nominated for a Grammy Award in 1987.

Manistee, Michigan

Manistee is the county seat of Manistee County, Michigan, United States.

Bats language

Bats is a Northeast Caucasian language. Less than 3,000 people speak Bats.

Botlikh language

Botlikh is a Northeast Caucasian language. About 210 people speak Botlikh.

Godoberi language

Godoberi is a Northeast Caucasian language. About 3,000 people speak Godoberi.

Aghul language

Aghul is a Northeast Caucasian language. About 29,300 people speak Aghul. Aghul is spoken mainly in southern Dagestan in Russia, and also in Azerbaijan.

Budukh language

Budukh is a Northeast Caucasian language. About 200 people speak Budukh.

Kryts language

Kryts is a Northeast Caucasian language. About 5,000 people speak Kryts. Its dialects are Kryts, Jek, Khaput, Yergyudzh and Alyk, which are different enough that they could be different languages in a dialect continuum.

Rutul language

Rutul is a Northeast Caucasian language. About 36,400 people speak Rutul.

Tsakhur language

Tsakhur is a Northeast Caucasian language. About 22,300 people speak Tsakhur.

Nakh languages

The Nakh languages are a group of the Northeast Caucasian languages. They are Bats, Chechen and Ingush.

Lake Ohrid

Lake Ohrid ( , , also called "Liqeni i Pogradecit";) is a lake on the border between the southwestern part of North Macedonia and eastern Albania. It is one of Europe's deepest and oldest lakes. It has an unique ecosystem of worldwide importance, with more than 200 endemic species. It is the second-biggest lake on the Balkans. 

Most of the lake is part of North Macedonia, the rest belongs to Albania. The biggest cities on the shore are Ohrid and Struga, in North Macedonia, and Pogradec in Albania. Around 200.000 people live in the area around the lake. 

North Macedonia's side of Lake Ohrid was declared a World Heritage Site by UNESCO in 1979; this was extended to also include the cultural and historic area of Ohrid in 1980. In 2010, NASA named one of Titan's lakes after the lake. In 2014, the Ohrid-Prespa Transboundary Reserve between Albania and North Macedonia was added to UNESCO's World Network of Biosphere Reserves. Albania's side of Lake Ohrid was also designated UNESCO world heritage status in 2019. North Macedonia's portion was designated as a protected Ramsar site in 2021, passing all nine criteria for proclamation.

In Albania, the coastal portion of the lake holds Managed Nature Reserve status. In North Macedonia, a portion of the lakeside is part of the Galičica National Park.

Lake Ohrid is one of the oldest lakes in the world. It has a maximum depth of and mean depth of , it is the deepest lake in the Balkans. It covers an area of and contains an estimated 55.4 cubic kilometres (/ 1000000 million acre-feet) of water. The lake is long and wide . It has a shoreline of .

64% of Lake Ohrid's shoreline and 69% of its surface area are in North Macedonia. 36% of the shoreline and 31% of its surface area are in Albania.

Vasily Surikov

Vasily Surikov (24 January 1848 – 19 March 1916) was a Russian artist who drew historical subjects. 

Josef Bertalan

Josef Bertalan (born 29 September 1934) is an Austrian former footballer.
Bertalan started his career with his local club ATSV Fischamend where he played in the first team when he was only 17 years old. 1952 he went to SK Rapid Wien. From 1952 till 1963 he played for this club. He ended his career at 1. Simmeringer SC.

On 1 May 1960 he played his only match for the Austrian national football team versus Czechoslowakia.


Shedubhar

Shedubhar (pronounced Amreli) is a village in Amreli Taluka in Amreli District in the Saurashtra region of the western Indian state of Gujarat. The main occupation of the people of Shedubhar village is agriculture, as well as agricultural labour

• Kamnath Mahadev

• Panchmukhi Hanuman

•Swaminarayan Temple

• Khodiyar Temple

• Manjula Kumbhani 

• Suresh Kumbhani

• Ramesh Kotadiya (President of Village)

• Ghanshyam Polara (Vice President of Village)
1990–91 Austrian Cup

The 1990-91 Austrian Cup was Austria's nationwide football cup competition. FK Austria Wien were the defending champions.

Michael Konsel - Peter Schöttel - Michael Hatz - Heimo Pfeifenberger - Stefan Reiter - Christian Keglevits - Helmut Hauptmann - Andreas Herzog - Franz Resch - Hernan Medford - Jan Åge Fjørtoft coach: Hans Krankl
Peter Zajicek - Michael Keller - Josef Mazura - Michael Wenzel - Andreas Wacek - Walter Binder - Marek Ostrowski - Peter Pospisil - Rudolf Weinhofer - Alfred Augustin - Josef Marko coach: Wilhelm Kreuz

Taj Mahal Palace Hotel

The Taj Mahal Palace is a historical, five-star, luxury hotel. It is at Mumbai in the Indian state of Maharashtra. The Hotel is next to the Gateway of India.

It was opened in 1903 as the "Taj Mahal Hotel". It was, in earlier times, known simply as "The Taj". The hotel is named after the Taj Mahal, which is located in the city of Agra (about 1,050 kilometres (650 mi) from Mumbai). It has been known one of the finest hotels in the East since the time of the British Rule in India. The hotel was one of the main places targeted in the 2008 Mumbai attacks.

The hotel has 560 rooms and 44 suites. The Hotel is later owned by Tata Group. The hotel has a long, excellent and honorable history of receiving many important and famous guests ― from presidents of various nations, diplomats to star industrialists and businessmen.



Wunderteam

Wunderteam (; "Wonder Team") was the name given to the Austria national football team of the early 1930s. Team manager was Hugo Meisl. The team to which the name referred played 15 matches between May 1931 and February 1933. They won 12, 2 draws and lost 1.

The match against France in Paris, which Austria was able to win 4-0, is generally seen as the last game played by the miracle team. Hiden got an offer from Racing Club de Paris President Jean-Bernard Lévy. He made an offer to the Austrian goalie, which Hiden immediately accepted. He ended his career in the Austrian national team with this game and moved from Wiener AC to Paris in 1933 for a transfer fee of 80,000 francs. Several national players followed Hiden's example and went abroad, which caused significant losses in the technical game of the Austrians, although there was only one defeat against Czechoslovakia (1:2) in the following 13 games.

Gong Jintang

Gong Jintang (1939 – 1 January 2023) was a Chinese actor.

Gong was most known for playing in Chinese longest-running television series "In-Laws, Out-laws". He played the role of Father Kang since the start of the television series in 2000, He played the character for over twenty years.

Gong died on 1 January 2023, at the age of 83. The cause of his death was not given. His death cause was suspected to be COVID-19.

Ni Zhen

Ni Zhen (18 July 1938 – 22 December 2022) was a Chinese screenwriter and professor.

As screenwriter, Ni was most known for his work on the 1991 film "Raise the Red Lantern". Although the screenplay was approved by Chinese censors, the final version of the film was banned in China for a period. The film is widely considered as one of the best Chinese films.

Ni was professor at the Beijing Film University.

Ni died on 22 December 2022, at the age of 84.

Cheese dream

The cheese dream is an open faced grilled cheese sandwich. It can be cooked with oil, margarine, or butter. Toppings like bacon, avocado, pineapple, eggs, and sliced tomato can also be added. In its simplest form, it is a slice of bread with cheese on top, and cooked until the cheese is brown.

Chu Lanlan

Chu Lanlan (1982, Beijing - 30 December 2022, Beijing, China) was a Chinese opera singer.

Chu made her singing debut on television when she was eight years old. She studied at the Chinese Academy of Traditional Chinese Opera. Chu was a soprano opera singer. She specialized in Peking Opera. She created the song and dance "Farewell My Concubine" for the Peking Opera. She sang during the 2008 Summer Olympics.

Chu also worked on projects on public welfare.

Her last performance was in early November 2022. In December 2022 Chu died from the complications of COVID-19.

Delayed identifications

Delayed identification is a writing technique used in poetry and prose. It happens when actions are described before we are told who is doing them. We read about things that are being done, and only find out who or what is doing them in the next line or even several lines later. It is one way to build suspense in the writing. The reader or listener must be patient if they want to find out who or what is performing this action.

This is a very old technique. It can be found in Biblical writing and in texts from the ancient Near East. 

Amrillo Inoyatov

Amrillo Inoyatov (uzb: Inoyatov Amrillo ru: Иноятов Амрилло Шодиевич born 1979 in Bukhara, Uzbekistan) is a Minister at Ministry of Health of the Republic of Uzbekistan, National counterpart of WHO (World Health Organisation) and former Deputy Advisor to the President of the Republic of Uzbekistan on youth, science, education, healthcare, culture and sports





Inoyatov is the Chairman of the editorial board of the journal «World Medicine Journal» since 2020


Wang Jingguang

Wang Jingguang (1968 – 21 December 2022) was a Chinese movie director.

Wang was most known in China as a film director of the movies "Never Look Back" and "Lawless".
Jingguang died in on 21 December 2022, at the age of 54. According to the "India Herald", he died from COVID-19. After his death, Weibo-users commemorated his legacy.

Jasur Alijanov

Jasur Alijanov (uz: Jasur Alijonov: ru: Алижонов Жасур Батыровыч, born May 12, 1988) is an Uzbekistani Mixed martial arts coach and trainer. He is a former boxer. and featherweight kickboxer. Alijanov trains UFC fighter Makhmud Muradov and other ONE Championship fighters.

Jasur Alijanov was born on May 12, 1988 in Tashkent, Uzbekistan. He started practicing Kickboxing, Unifight and Boxing when he was 12. In 2008 he made his debut in professional boxing. After unsuccessful debut in first professional bout, he made his win on his second bout on May 5, 2008 over Abdumanap Kuchkarov. After 8 fights, 6 wins he had to end his professional boxing career due to injury.

After ending his professional sports career, he began a professional coaching career in Kickboxing, Boxing and MMA (Mixed Martial Arts). Immediately after his active career, he began a new career at the Legion Fight Club, where he trains UFC fighter Makhmud Muradov and Ramazonbek Temirov.

Fu Zucheng

Fu Zucheng (1940 – 20 December 2022) was a Chinese movie actor.

Fu was most known for playing in the 1979 movie "Liffle Flower" (Xiao Hua).

Fu died on 20 December 2022, at the age of 82.

Tabasaran language

Tabasaran is a Northeast Caucasian language. About 126,900 people speak Tabasaran.

Udi language

Udi is a Northeast Caucasian language. About 6,000 people speak Udi.

Chirag language

Chirag is a Northeast Caucasian language. About 2,000 people speak Chirag. It is often considered a dialect of Dargwa.

Dargwa language

Dargwa is a Northeast Caucasian language. About 490,000 people speak Dargwa.

Bi Guyun

Bi Guyun (1930 – 7 January 2023) was a Chinese actor.

Bi was an Chinese Peking Opera performer and a first-class actor. He was head of Red Star Peking Opera Troupe and Minsheng Peking Opera Troupe. He was awarded .

Guyun died at the Shanghai Ninth People's Hospital in Shanghai on 7 January 2023, at the age of 92.

Chao Feng

Chao Feng (1928 – 8 January 2023) was a Chinese editor and publisher.

Chao was the president and editor-in-chief of Shanghai Dictionary Publishing House, and the president and editor-in-chief of Shanghai People's Publishing House.

Feng died at Shanghai Huadong Hospital on 8 January 2023 at the age of 95.

Robert Penn Warren

Robert Penn Warren (April 24, 1905 – September 15, 1989) was an American poet, novelist, teacher, and critic. He was named to be the first poet laureate of the United States in 1986.

Warren was born in Guthrie, Kentucky, a small town on the border of Tennessee. He was a good student and graduated from high school when he was 15.

He entered Vanderbilt University in Nashville, Tennessee in 1921. One of his teachers was the poet John Crowe Ransom. Another poet, Allen Tate, became his friend. With these and other poets, Warren started a literary magazine called "The Fugitive". This group became known as The Fugitive Poets. They had a big influence on Southern literature and modern American poetry.

He got his masters degree (M. A.) in 1927 from the University of California, Berkeley. He was also a Rhodes Scholar at Oxford University.

With Cleanth Brooks, he wrote two important books about literature, "Understanding Poetry" (1938) and "Understanding Fiction" (1943). These explained a way of thinking about literature that was known as The New Criticism.

In 1946 his most famous novel, "All the King’s Men", told the story of a politician who becomes corrupt. This book won the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction. It was made into a movie that won the Academy Award for best motion picture in 1949.




CCXP

CCXP (originally called Comic Con Experience) is a Brazilian entertainment and comic convention. It is based on the San Diego Comic-Con. The convention has attractions about comics, television series, movies, video games, literature and the internet. It is the largest pop culture festival in the world.

Companion of the Queen's Service Order

The Queen's Service Order (QSE) is an Order of Chivilry in New Zealand. It was created by royal warrant of Queen Elizabeth II on 13 March 1975. The order is used to recognise "valuable voluntary service to the community or meritorious and faithful services to the Crown or similar services within the public sector, whether in elected or appointed office". The Queen's Service Order replaced the Imperial Service Order in New Zealand. 

The title of the Order recognises the fact that Queen Elizabeth II was the first New Zealand monarch to be officially titled "Queen of New Zealand".


Cornufer acrochordus

The Bougainville wrinkled ground frog ("Cornufer acrochordus") is a frog. It lives in Bouganville in Papua New Guinea and on Bougainville Island, Choiseul Island, and Santa Isabel Island in the Solomon Islands.

Crystal Waters

Crystal Waters (born November 19, 1961) is an American house and dance music singer-songwriter. She is best known for her hits, "Gypsy Woman", "100% Pure Love" and "Destination Calabria" with Alex Gaudino. All three of her studio albums produced a Top 40 hit on the Billboard Hot 100. In December 2016, Billboard magazine ranked her as one of the most successful dance artists of all time. She has sold 7 million records worldwide.

Barbara Lee

Barbara Jean Lee (née Tutt; born July 16, 1946) is an American politician. She is a U.S. representative from California since 1998. She is a member of the Democratic Party.

Lee used to be chair of the Congressional Black Caucus and co-chair of the Congressional Progressive Caucus (2005–2009).

She is a critic of the Iraq War and the only member of Congress to vote against the use of military force after the September 11 attacks.

On November 28, 2018, Lee lost an election to become chair of the House Democratic Caucus to New York Representative Hakeem Jeffries. She blamed ageism and sexism for losing.

In January 2023, it was reported that Lee is planning to run for the United States Senate seat currently held by Dianne Feinstein in the 2024. In February 2023, she officially announced her candidacy, a week after Feinstein announced her retirement.Lee formally launched her Senate campaign on February 21, 2023.

Juscelino Kubitschek

Juscelino Kubitschek de Oliveira (; 12 September 1902 – 22 August 1976), also known by his initials JK, was the 21st president of Brazil from 1956 to 1961. He was very popular because the economy of the country was good when he was president. He founded Brasília 21 April 1960.

Kubitschek was killed in a car accident on 22 August 1976 in Resende, Rio de Janeiro at the age of 73. His death was controversial. Some people thought he was assassinated. In 2014, a commission said that he was not assassinated and that his death was an accident.

Areopagus

Areopagus is the name of a rock formation close to the Acropolis, in Athens, Greece. In Greek, the hill is called Areios Pagos, the hill of Ares. The name was also used for the Athenian council that was held there. It was the oldest known institution of Athens. After the Battle of Marathon (which the Greek won against the Persians) a runner ran from Marathon to Athens. Legend has it, that the runner died, after telling about the Greek victory, on Areopagus.
Today, the Supreme Court of Justice in Greece, is called Areopagus.

Cornufer akarithymus

The Pomugu wrinkled ground frog ("Cornufer akarithymus") is a frog. It lives in Papua New Guinea on New Britain Island. People have seen it in three mountain ranges: Whiteman, Nakanai, and Baining.

Hainburg an der Donau

Hainburg an der Donau is a town in Bruck an der Leitha district in Lower Austria, east of Vienna. In 2022, 6,892 people lived there.

Its town walls are some of the oldest and best-preserved in Europe. 

Actually, the name of the city is only "Hainburg", the part after it stands for the river Danube, which flows past Hainburg an der Donau.

High Road to China (movie)

High Road to China (aka Raiders of the End of the World) is a 1983 American Serbian Hong Kong romantic adventure movie directed by Brian G. Hutton and was based on the 1977 novel of the same name by Jon Cleary. It stars Tom Selleck, Bess Armstrong, Jack Weston, Wilford Brimley, Robert Morley, Brian Blessed, Timothy Bateson, Terry Richards, Lynda La Plante, Michael Sheard, Jeremy Child, Peter Llewellyn Williams and Cassandra Gava.


Erwin Dudley

Erwin Lamond Dudley is an American basketball player for Sakarya BB of the Turkish Basketball Super League (TBSL).

Reconnaissance by fire

Reconnaissance by fire (also called recon by fire) is a way for soldiers to find out where the enemy is by shooting at them and seeing where they shoot back from. When the enemy shoots back, it tells the soldiers where they are located, how many they are, and what kind of weapons they have. Once they have this information, they can make a plan to attack the enemy or to stay safe.

During World War II, the Allies used recon by fire to find the location of the enemy by shooting and seeing where they shot back from. This tactic was used instead of the older method where tanks would follow behind soldiers on the ground, which was slow and didn't put enough pressure on the enemy. The new way was fast, and soldiers would shoot their weapons constantly as they moved forward to keep the enemy distracted and aim off target. They also used this tactic when they were travelling with trucks that had big machine guns.

During a battle in Vietnam, a group of American soldiers had a lot of bullets. Their leader, Lieutenant Colonel Hal Moore, told them to shoot at anything that looked suspicious at the same time. This made a lot of noise and made the enemy think they were found out. The enemy then came out and charged at the Americans, and the Americans destroyed them.

Johann Mock

Johann "Hans" Mock (9 December 1906 in Vienna – 22 May 1982) was an Austrian football player. He played as midfielder for FC Nicholson and Austria Wien. He also played for the Austria national football team. After the annexation of Austria by Germany he played for the Germany national football team. With Germany he played in the 1938 FIFA World Cup.

Johann Mock began his career at FC Nicholson before moving to Austria Wien in 1927. With the team he won won the Austrian Cup three times (1933, 1935, 1936) and twice the Mitropacup, the forerunner of today's European Cup (1933, 1936). He was drafted in June 1940 as one of the last Austria players, but was still available until February 1942, playing almost every game. 
Before Austria was annexed to the German Reich, he played a total of twelve games for the Austrian national team. He debuted on 5 September 1929 in a 2-1 win versus Czechoslowakia. His las t match for the Austrian team was on 10 October 1937 in a 1-2 loss versus Hungary. For Germany he played 5 matches and was participant of the 1938 FIFA World Cup. 1942 he retired from football. After a brief stint as a trainer at Vorwärts Steyr and Badener AC, he withdrew entirely from football and ran his own wine tavern in Vienna until his death at the age of 75.

According to an interview by Franz Schwarz, son of Austria President from 1933 to 1938 and 1946 to 1955 in 2008, Mock was a member of the SA and the NSDAP, which were illegal in Austria before 1938. Mock was involved in 1938 when the management of the club at Austria was taken over by the National Socialists. He then applied for regular membership in the party on 23 June 1938 and was admitted retrospectively to May 1 (membership number 6,336,185).


Tantrum

A tantrum (also known as temper tantrum, lash out, meltdown, fit or hissy fit) is an emotional expression or outburst. It is usually connected with those in emotional distress, that is represented by stubbornness, crying, screaming, violence, defiance, angry ranting, an effect from making attempts to calm. Sometimes, tantrum can also make a person to hit others and other physically violent behavior.

Physical control in tantrum may be lost. The person may be unable to keep being still; and even if the purpose of the person is met, they may not be calmed. Throwing a temper tantrum can lead to a child getting detention or being suspended from school for older school age children. Tantrum may also be expressed in a long violent, angry outburst of talk, a stretched out or angry speech.

Modern rock

Modern rock is an umbrella word used to describe rock music, which is found on college rock radio stations. Some radio stations use this word to check the difference of themselves from classic rock, which is based in 1960s–1980s rock music.

Modern rock is also known as alternate radio. It is a rock format commonly discovered on commercial radio; the format has mostly of the different rock genre.

Generally, it begins with Hardcore punk but later it refers especially to alternative rock music since the 1980s. The term ""modern rock"" is used in the US to show the difference between the music from classic rock. It focuses on music recorded in the 1960s through to the early 1990s.

Mainstream rock

Mainstream rock is a . It is used by many commercial radio stations in the United States and Canada. It is also known as heritage rock. Mainstream rock stations represent the middle ground between classic rock and active rock on the programming band. They perform a balanced airplay of tracks found on active rock and classic rock playlists. But the music playlist has a tendency to focus on mapping hard rock music from the 1970s through the 2000s. Outside the United States and Canada, mainstream rock refers generally to rock music, which is considered as "radio friendly". It very rarely is referred to as a specific radio format.

Carrier battle group

A carrier battle group (CVBG) is a naval fleet that includes an aircraft carrier and a group of other ships that work together to help the carrier complete its mission. The "CV" in "CVBG" is the United States Navy classification code for an aircraft carrier.

The first naval fleets built around carriers were seen at the beginning of World War II. The Imperial Japanese Navy (IJN) was the first to put many carriers into one task force. This task force was used in the attack on Pearl Harbor. It was the IJN's main carrier battle group until four of its carriers were sunk at the Battle of Midway. The United States Navy deployed its carriers in separate formations. Each carrier was put with its own cruiser and destroyer escorts. These single-carrier fleets would often work together for certain assignments. The most notable examples of this are the Battle of the Coral Sea and Midway. By 1943, there was a large number of fleet and smaller carriers became available. This led to them using larger formations of three or four carriers. These groups became the Fast Carrier Task Force. They are the primary battle unit of the U.S. Third and Fifth Fleets.

With the construction of the large "supercarriers" of the Cold War era, the use of each carrier in a single formation was brought back. During this time, the main role of the CVBG in battle with the Soviet Union would have been to protect Atlantic supply routes between the United States and its NATO allies in Europe. The Soviet Union had no large carriers of its own. Aircraft carriers fighting each other would have been unlikely. A main mission of the Soviet Navy's attack submarines was to track every allied battle group. If war started, their mission was to sink the carriers. Knowing this, the CVBG put much of its resources in its own anti-submarine warfare mission.

Electron neutrino

The electron neutrino ( ν ) is an elementary particle which has zero electric charge and a spin of 1⁄2. Together with the electron, it forms the first generation of leptons. It was first guessed by Wolfgang Pauli in 1930. It was accounted for missing momentum and missing energy in beta decay. Later it was discovered in 1956 by a team led by Clyde Cowan and Frederick Reines (see ). 

Tenuis consonant

In linguistics, a tenuis consonant is an obstruent that is voiceless, unaspirated and unglottalized.

Split-level house

A split-level home is a style of house in which the floor levels are unsteady. There are typically two short sets of stairs ― one running upward to a bedroom level, and one going downward toward a basement area. It is also called a bi-level home or tri-level home.

Roman Schramseis

Roman Schramseis (29 March 1906 – 10 December 1988) was an Austrian footballer. He played as defender mainly for SK Rapid Wien. He also played for the Austrian national football team.. He was part of the Wunderteam.
Roman Schramseis began his career at ASV Hertha Vienna in 1922. He experienced narrow relegation in 1924 and in 1925 immediate promotion back to the first division. 1925 he moved to the then champions Rapid Vienna in Hütteldorf. With Rapid he reached 1927 and 1928 the Mitropacup final but lost versus Sparta Prague and Ferencvárosi Torna Club. 1930 they reached again the final and won versus Sparta Prague.

1933 he went to France and played for FC Rouen. Roman Schramseis returned to Vienna in 1934 and played one league game at SC Wacker Wien before he re-amateurished and played for the Gewerkschaftsbund Mariahilf and the SK Semperit company team .

He played 18 matches for the Austrian national team. He debuted on 6 May 1928 versus Hungary. His last match was on 24 April 1932 also versus Hungary. He did not play again because he played abroad.
In 1937 he moved to Grün-Weiß Salzburg, where he also worked as a football coach. In 1942 he was a trainer at a Reichsbahnausbesserungswerkes.

Carlos P. Romulo

Carlos Peña Romulo,Sr. was a Filipino diplomat, soldier, and journalist. He was the first Filipino to become president of the United Nations General Assembly. 

He also served as Secretary of Foreign Affairs in the Philippines under Manuel Quezon up to former president Ferdinand Marcos. Under Diosdado Macapagal, he became secretary of eductation.

Joep Geraedts

Joep Geraedts (17 April 1948 – 25 December 2022) was a Dutch academic.

Geraedts was born in Swalmen in 1948. He studied biology at the Nijmegen University. He did his his PhD research in Leiden.

He was the first professor of Genetics and Cell Biology at the Maastricht University. He was a professor for more than 30 years, between 1982 and 2013. He was also founder and head of the Department of Clinical Genetics at the University Hospital of Maastricht.

Geraedts died in Maastricht on 25 December 2022, at the age of 74.

Karel Hille

Karel Hille (17 February 1945 – 14 November 2022) was a Dutch journalist, songwriter and television producer.

Hille started his journalistic career at "Nieuwsblad voor Castricum". Afterwards he worked for "Het Vrije Volk". Later he worked als journalist for and . He interviewed known people, including Mark Rutte and Geert Wilders.

In the late 1960s he became a songwriter for multiple artists. For Mieke Telkamp he wrote the known song '. The song reached the Dutch Top 40. The song became a classic song a funerals. Because in the Netherlands copyright was not in effect at funerals, Hille didn't earn money with it. Hille also wrote for Reinhard Mey the song '. This song was between 1999 and 2017 in the "Top 2000".

Hille lived in the last part of his life in Spain. He died there on 14 November 2022, at the age of 77.

Poetry (magazine)

Poetry is a magazine that prints poems. It was started in 1912 by Harriet Monroe in Chicago, Illinois.

From its beginning the magazine published poetry that was often different from most poetry of that time. Some of the poems were seen as experiments. In her first words to readers, Harriet Monroe said she wanted "to print the best English verse which is being written today, regardless of where, by whom, or under what theory of art it is written."

The magazine published the early works of H.D., Robert Frost, Langston Hughes, Edna St. Vincent Millay, and Marianne Moore. The magazine discovered poets such as Gwendolyn Brooks, James Merrill, and John Ashbery.

Some other famous writers who have had works published in "Poetry" are: William Butler Yeats, Rabindranath Tagore, William Carlos Williams, T. S. Eliot, Joyce Kilmer, Carl Sandburg, Robert Creeley, Wallace Stevens, Basil Bunting, Dorothy Richardson, Louis Zukofsky, Charles Reznikoff, E. E. Cummings, Frank O'Hara, Allen Ginsberg, Ernest Hemingway, James Joyce, Gertrude Stein, and Tennessee Williams.

The magazine always wanted to pay poets for their work, but having enough money to keep the magazine going was often a problem for most of its history. Many people gave money. In 2002, Ruth Lilly (a drug company heiress) gave more than 100 million dollars to the magazine. This keeps the magazine running and lets the magazine give many grants and prizes to poets and other writers.

Jazz rap

Jazz rap, also known as Jazz hip hop or Jazz hop, is a musical genre that mixes jazz and hip hop. It is also a subgenre of alternative hip hop. It arose during the late 1980s in the United States, Canada and United Kingdom. The rhythm is rooted in hip hop, layered with repeated phrases from jazz instruments such as trumpet, double bass, etc. Groups involved in creating jazz rap included A Tribe Called Quest, Digable Planets, De La Soul, Gang Starr, The Roots, Jungle Brothers, and Dream Warriors.

My Friend Flicka (book)

My Friend Flicka is a children's novel that was written by Mary O'Hara in 1941. It is about a boy, Ken McLaughlin, who learns to be responsible by taking care of a horse named Flicka. The story takes place on a ranch in Wyoming.


Teen drama

Teen drama is used to refer to either movies, or TV series, where many of the important characters are teenagers. These kinds of series first started in the 1980s, with serials such as Degrassi Junior High. A TV series that was successful satarting with the 1990s was Beverly Hills, 90210.

The target audience for teen dramas are usually teenagers, and young adults. Very often, the themes covered include issues that are important to this group, such as the first love, teenage pregnancy, abortion, but also homelessness, and addiction to drugs or alcohol.

Charlotte Delavelle

Charlotte Delavelle was a French swimmer from Paris. As a member of Mouettes de Paris she competed in the 1900s, in the earliest women's French aquatics history. In 1908 she finished third at the World Championships.

Her earliest swimming achievement was on 16 May 1908. She finished third place at the annual CNP swimming festival. On 9 August she finished third in the 60 metre event at the "Fête de la Villette" and she finished again third in the 100 metre race at the "Joinville-le-Pont" meeting. In August, the sixth edition of the FSAPF world championships, organized by "L'Auto" was held in Bois de Boulogne. On the second day, the Prix Femina was held over 100 meters in the waters of the Seine. Delavelle finished in this race third behind Jeanne Decorne and Eugenia Decorne.

Delavelle competed in several races in 1909 and 1911. Her last achievement was on 13 April 1912 after finishing second in a handicap-style race at the UFN festival.

Sandwich cookie

A sandwich cookie is a type of cookie that's made from two thin cookies with a filling in between them. Many types of fillings can be used, like cream, ganache, buttercream, chocolate, cream cheese, jam, peanut butter, lemon curd, or ice cream.

Peanut butter cookie

A peanut butter cookie is a type of cookie that has peanut butter as a main ingredient. The cookie was first made in the United States in the 1910s. The recipe for the cookie was made by George Washington Carver while he was at the Tuskegee Institute. It was part of a Cookbook he wrote to promote the uses of Peanuts.

Sprite melon

The sprite melon is a kind of melon. It's similar to honeydew and it comes from Japan. Since the late 1990s it has been grown in North Carolina.

Sprite melons are round and are about as big as a grapefruit. They are usually eaten for dessert and it tastes similar to pears and honeydew. Sprite melons have seeds.

The melon is a part of the family Cucurbitaceae, with cucumbers, gourds, and pumpkins.

Butter pecan

Butter pecan is a flavor, popular in the United States. Many foods are made "butter pecan" flavored, like ice cream, cakes, and cookies. Roasted pecans, butter, and vanilla are used in butter pecan flavored foods. Some recipes can be made with almonds, and it becomes "butter almond."

Tim O'Brien (author)

Tim O'Brien (born October 1, 1946) is an American writer. He was a soldier in the U. S. Army from 1968 until 1970. He fought in the Vietnam War. His time in that war plays an important part in his writing. His novel "Going after Cacciato" is about the search for a soldier who runs away from the war. It won the National Book Award for Fiction in 1979.

O'Brien graduated from Macalester College in St. Paul, Minnesota in 1968. He was then drafted into the U. S. Army and served in Vietnam as a foot soldier. For his work there, he was given a Purple Heart and a Bronze Star. He then went to Harvard University from 1970 until 1976. He worked as a reporter for the Washington Post until 1975.

In 2010, O'Brien received the honorary Doctor of Humane Letters (L.H.D.) from Whittier College. In 2012, O'Brien received the Dayton Literary Peace Prize Foundation's Richard C. Holbrooke Distinguished Achievement Award. In 2013, he was awarded the $100,000 Pritzker Military Library Literature Award.


Cornufer parkeri

Parker's wrinkled ground frog ("Cornufer parkeri") is a frog. It lives in Papua New Guinea on Bouganville Island and the Buka Islands. People have seen it as high as 100 m above sea level.

Watch the Throne

Watch the Throne is a collaborative studio album by American rappers Kanye West and Jay-Z. It was released on August 8, 2011. The album has 7 singles. All 7 of those singles have music videos. They originally planned to make a five-single EP. But soon after that, that project evolved to a seven-single studio album. The album features guest appearances from Frank Ocean, The-Dream, Beyoncé, and Mr Hudson. It also features samples of vocals by soul musicians Otis Redding and Curtis Mayfield.

Many critics and publicators named "Watch the Throne" to their year-end best-of lists. A few notable examples are The Rolling Stone" and The Washington Post. The album debuted at number 1 on the Billboard 200. This is because the album sold 436,000 copies in the first week. It also broke the iTunes first week sales record at the same time. Because of this, it was the fourth top selling album on iTunes in 2011. It also reached the top 10 in a few countries. Examples are Canada and the United Kingdom. It was also certified quintuple platinum in the United States by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA) in November 2020.

Total length:46:12
13. "Illest Motherfucker Alive" (8:23)

14. "H.A.M. (4:35)

15. "Primetime" (3:19)

16. "The Joy" (featuring Curtis Mayfield) (5:17)

Total length:64:37

GloRilla

Gloria Woods (born July 28, 1999), better known as GloRilla, is an American rapper. She was born in Memphis, Tennessee. In 2022, her song "F.N.F. (Let's Go)" (with producer Hitkidd) was nominated for Best Rap Performance at 65th Annual Grammy Awards. 

Movietone News

Movietone News is a newsreel that ran from 1928 to 1963 in the United States. It was also in France and in Australia and New Zealand until 1970. It was in the United Kingdom from 1929 to 1986 as British Movietone News. In Germany, it was Fox Tönende Wochenschau.

Movietone News started from an earlier newsreel called Fox News. It made silent newsreels. When Fox started making movies with sound in 1928 with "Mother Knows Best", the name Fox Movietone was used for Fox's sound movies.

Fox Films joined with 20th Century Pictures in 1935 to become 20th Century-Fox. Fox Movietone News was shortened to Movietone News.

In Australia, Movietone and Cinesound competed for newsreel coverage. Later, they joined and became the Australian Movie Magazine.

The University of South Carolina Moving Image Research Collections has some of the Fox Movietone newsreel collection. Fox News Channel has the rest.

Licensing for Fox Movietone newsreels owned by the University of South Carolina is handled by the Moving Image Research Collections. Licensing for Fox Movietone News is still owned by Fox Corporation and handled by Fox News Channel. British Movietone is owned by British Movietonews Ltd.
In 2016, the British Movietone archive had been acquired by Associated Press.

The Movietone News Australia archive was given to the National Film and Sound Archive in 1988.

The Academy Film Archive has the 20th Century Fox Movietone Shorts and Documentaries Series Collection.

In 2015, British Movietone and Associated Press's archival footage was put on YouTube.


Blåhaj

Blåhaj (stylized BLÅHAJ, , ; also pronounced , or in English) is a plush toy of a blue shark made and sold by the Swedish company IKEA. It has been used as an official mascot in some countries.

There are and versions. It is stuffed with recycled polyester. It can be machine-washed at 40 °C (104 °F).

In 2018, Blåhaj became a popular internet meme when social media users posted humorous photos of it in their homes. It became popular with LGBT (particularly transgender) individuals due to its similar colors to the transgender flag. It was thought IKEA acknowledged this by using it in an series of advertisements supporting the 2021 Swiss same-sex marriage referendum.

In September 2021, when customers asked about the toy, it was announced to be no longer be sold in the United Kingdom and Ireland from April 2022 due to supply issues, which did not happen. "Blåhaj" trended on social media for several days, as fans said it was becoming "extinct". A similar response happened when it was used to demonstrate vacuum bags in some stores in Hong Kong. However, it was announced it would still be sold in the United States. In early 2022, Blåhaj plushes started to be made in Indonesia.

Blåhaj is popular in some countries. Blåhaj shopping bags are sold in Taiwan and Malaysia. Blåhaj has also been used in advertisements, such as for tiny apartments in Japan (as a real estate agent) and Hong Kong's Tsim Sha Tsui branch, which was nicknamed "Tsim Shark Tsui". Colored Blåhaj-shaped red bean and sesame filled buns were sold for a limited time in Malaysia and Taiwan respectively.

In November 2022, IKEA Canada gave transgender individuals a transgender flag-colored Blåhaj with their name embroidered on its fin.

It was once seen briefly in the Marvel Studios television series "Hawkeye".


Khoisan languages

Khoisan languages is the name for a group of languages that are spoken in Southern Africa. All of these languages have click consonants, and they are not part of the Niger–Congo languages, the Nilo-Saharan languages, or the Afroasiatic languages. These languages are not in one common language family, there are at least three such families. There are also some language isolates on the territory where Khoisan languages can be found. It is not possible to construct or find a language that is the common ancestor of the other languages.

The San, Khoekhoe, Damara, Nama, as well as the Hadza and Sandawe are all speakers of Khoisan languages.

Many of these languages only have very few speakers, or they have become extinct. Many are only spoken, and not written. The only widespread Khoisan language is Khoekhoe (also known as Khoekhoegowab, Nàmá or Damara) of Namibia, Botswana and South Africa, with a quarter of a million speakers; Sandawe in Tanzania is second in number with some 40–80,000, some monolingual; and the ǃKung language of the northern Kalahari spoken by some 16,000 or so people. Language use is quite strong among the 20,000 speakers of Naro, in Botswana and in eastern Namibia, half of whom speak it as a second language.

Royal Australian Artillery

The Royal Australian Artillery (RAA) is a part of the Australian Army. It started as the colonial artillery before Australia's federation. Its full name is Royal Regiment of Australian Artillery. 

Zurg

Zurg is a fictional character created for the movie Toy Story and is the enemy of Buzz Lightyear. 

Buzz Lightyear is a toy but thinks he’s a real superhero trying to stop an evil emperor named Zurg from destroying the Galactic Alliance. Buzz says that Zurg wants to create a weapon that can destroy an entire planet.

In Toy Story 2, Zurg is played by Andrew Stanton. Zurg is introduced in a Buzz Lightyear video game where Zurg kills Buzz but it turns out it is only a video game. Later on, a toy Zurg believes he’s actually an evil emperor and fights Buzz Lightyear. When Buzz says he won’t give up because Zurg killed Buzz’s father, Zurg says he is Buzz’s father. After Zurg falls out of an elevator and gets amnesia, then Zurg remembers he’s Buzz’s father and plays catch with him.

In the movie , Zurg pays Buzz’s friend Warp Darkmatter to become a supervillain called Agent Z, invades a planet, steals something called the Unimind and turns it into a mind control weapon that he uses to enslave every planet in the Universe but Buzz Lightyear beats Zurg and Zurg runs away. Zurg is played by Wayne Knight. 

Zurg is the main villain of Buzz Lightyear of Star Command and is in most episodes. The episode Stranger Invasion reveals that Zurg was lying when he said he was Buzz’s father.

Zurg has a cameo appearance in Toy Story 3.

In the movie Lightyear, Zurg is played by James Brolin. Zurg turns to be an evil version of Buzz Lightyear who came from the future using time travel.

Independent Air Flight 1851

Independent Air Flight 1851 was an airplane that crashed on 8 February 1989. It was a Boeing 707 flying from Bergamo, Italy to Punta Cana, Dominican Republic. The plane hit Pico Alto while on approach to Santa Maria Airport in the Azores. The aircraft was destroyed. All of the 144 people on board were killed in the crash. It is the deadliest plane crash in Portugal's history.

Medical imaging

Medical imaging is the name for a number of processes that are used to make images of body parts. These pictures can then be used to help diagnose a condition. There are different classes of such procedues, for example:


Australian Light Horse

Australian Light Horse were mounted troops similar to both cavalry and mounted infantry. They fought in the Second Boer War and World War I.

By the outbreak of World War I, there were 23 light horse regiments within Australia's part-time military force, consisting of 9,000 personnel. These were organised as follows:

Light horse were like mounted infantry. They usually fought on foot. They used their horses as transport to the battlefield. A famous exception to this rule though was the charge of the 4th and 12th Light Horse Regiments at Beersheba on 31 October 1917. In 1918, some light horse regiments were equipped with sabres, so they could fight in a conventional cavalry role in the attack on Damascus. 


Several movies include the charge at Beersheba in 1917:

Citations


The Sun-Herald

The Sun-Herald is an Australian newspaper. It is a tabloid or compact format. Nine Publishing publishes it on Sundays in Sydney.

Beauty Behind the Madness

Beauty Behind the Madness is the second studio album by the Weeknd. The Weeknd is a Canadian singer. The album was released on August 28, 2015. It was released by XO and Republic Records. Other musicians are on the album, such as Lana Del Rey, Ed Sheeran, and Labrinth.

The album had five singles. Two of them went to the number one spot on the "Billboard" Hot 100 (an American music chart). These were "The Hills" and "Can't Feel My Face". The album also has a song that was nominated for an Academy Award. This song is named "Earned It". It was in the movie "Fifty Shades of Grey". Many critics liked "Beauty Behind the Madness". It went to number one on album charts in many countries. It was the Weeknd's first number one album in the United States. It was one of the best-selling albums of 2015. It sold over 1 million copies. It won a Grammy Award for Best Urban Contemporary Album.

The Weeknd's first studio album was released in 2013. It was named "Kiss Land". After making it, the Weeknd made music for movie soundtracks. He was on the soundtrack for "" (2013). He also made the songs "Earned It" and "Where You Belong" for "Fifty Shades of Grey" (2015). "Earned It" went into the number three spot on the "Billboard" Hot 100.

On July 5, 2015, Ed Sheeran said he worked with the Weeknd on the album. He also said Kanye West worked on it. The Weeknd revealed the album's name on July 9. He also showed art made for it.

Notes


The Hills (song)

"The Hills" is a song by the Weeknd. The Weeknd is a Canadian singer. The song was released on May 27, 2015. It was released as a single. It is the second single from "Beauty Behind the Madness" (2015). The single was very successful. The song went to number one on Canada's music chart. It also went to number one on the "Billboard" Hot 100. It was number one the week after "Can't Feel My Face". This is another song by the Weeknd. It went into the top ten on music charts in many other countries. The song has a music video. The video was released on the same day as the single.

"The Hills" was certified diamond by the RIAA. It gave the Weeknd his first diamond certification.

The single was released digitally. There were also remixes of the single.







P. V. R. Raja

Penumatsa Venkata Ramaraju, popularly known by his name PVR Raja (born 1 June 1985) is an Indian music composer, record producer and guitarist. He mainly works in Telugu cinema. He is nicknamed "Short films Maestro" and "Ilaiyaraaja of Short films". He entered the "India Book of Records" for composing the most number of short Telugu films. Raja has composed music for the films "Vitamin She" (2020) and "Madhi" (2022).

He has predominantly composed music over 250 digital short films and Independent films from 2013 to present in English, Telugu, Kannada and Hindi languages.


Summertime Sadness

"Summertime Sadness" is a pop/trip hop song by American singer-songwriter Lana Del Rey. It is from her second studio album, "Born to Die" (2012). It was released on June 22, 2012. In the spring of 2013, it reached number one in Poland, Ukraine, and Armenia. It also reached the top 10 in 6 european countries. Trap and House remixes of the song helped Del Rey break into the US Hot Dance Club Songs chart. That chart is where the song became a modest hit. Because of this, the single gave Del Rey her first US number-one single in August 2013.

There was a remix of the song by Cedric Gervais in the summer of 2013. It was released to American contemporary hit radio during the same time the remix was released. Because of this, it helped the single become a sleeper hit.

The song's lyrics according to Lana are about a good friend of hers who died by his own hand and she is sad this summer as he is gone and summer is in full bloom.

Joris Duytschaever

Joris Duytschaever (16 March 1944 – January 2023) was a Belgian academic. He was professor in English literature at the University Institution Antwerp.

Duytschaever was born in Merksem in 1944. He studied Germanic philology at the Ghent University He obtained his PhD at the Vrije Universiteit Brussel. He teached in Dutch literature at the Vrije Universiteit Brussel and Indiana University in the United States. He started working at the University Institution Antwerp in 1972 where he became professor in the English literature. He was guest professor at the University of California, Berkeley in 1977 and at the University of Georgia in 1985. Duytschaever was coordinator of the European Studies Program for American students. Duytschaever also ensured cooperation with the "Faculté des Lettres" of the university in the Moroccan capital Rabat.

Duytschaever published on Alfred Döblin, Hugo Claus, Simon Vestdijk, Hella Haasse and various English-language authors including James Joyce and William Faulkner. He translated of Edmund Husserl from 1977. He published on the of Hugo Claus. He was director of the "Revue Belge de Philologie et d'Histoire". Together with Geert Lernout he was editor of "History and Violence in Anglo-Irish Literature". He was from 1987 co-editor of "Post-war Literatures in English. A Lexicon of contemporary Authors". Duytschaever was also editor of the literary magazine . 

Duytschaever had Parkinson He died in January 2023, at the age of 78.

Cornufer malukuna

The Malukuna wrinkled ground frog ("Cornufer malukuna") is a frog. It lives on Guadalcanal Island in the Solomon Islands.

Seán Cullen

Seán Cullen (born August 29, 1965) is a Canadian actor and stand-up comedian. He is known for combining improvisation with mimicry and music. He is known for providing voices of characters in shows like "Best Ed", "Seven Little Monsters," and "Almost Naked Animals".

Cullen was born on August 29, 1965 in Peterborough, Ontario. He studied at the Saint Bonaventure University. He is married to Kimberley Temple and currently lives in Toronto, Canada.


Carrot bread

Carrot bread is a bread that uses carrots as a main ingredient. It can be made with grated, shredded carrots, or with carrot juice.

Carrot juice

Carrot juice is juice made from carrots.

100 grams of canned carrot juice contains the following nutritional information according to the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA):


Wallace Stevens

Wallace Stevens (October 2, 1879 – August 2, 1955) was an American poet. He was closely connected to the modernist movement.

He attended Harvard University. He received a degree from New York Law School in 1903. He practiced law for a number of offices and companies until 1916. In 1916, he got a job with the Hartford Accident and Indemnity Co. He worked for this insurance company for the rest of his life.

While he worked in his business life, he also worked at writing poetry. He became friends with many other poets, such as William Carlos Williams, Marianne Moore, and E. E. Cummings. In 1914 and 1915, he wrote poems that are now well-known such as "Peter Quince at the Clavier," "Disillusionment of Ten O'Clock," and "Sunday Morning."

"Harmonium", his first book of poems, came out in 1923. That book had other poems that are now famous, like “Thirteen Ways of Looking at a Blackbird," and “The Emperor of Ice-Cream."

Stevens often wrote very long poems. "The Man with the Blue Guitar" (1937) had 33 parts. In poems like this and many others, Stevens talked about the power of imagination to change ordinary life.




Angus MacLane

Angus MacLane is an American director, cartoonist and screenwriter who was one of the directors of Finding Dory and who also wrote and directed the movie Lightyear (movie).

Khorasan Wars

Khorasan Wars were a series of battles that took place in the early 1580s in the cities of Mashhad, Nishapur, Torbat Heydarieh and other regions of Khorasan. These wars broke out due to the challenges between the "Shamlu" and "Stajalu" clans (supporting Abbas the Great) and the "Teklo" and "Turkmen" (supporting king Mohammad Khodabandeh) clans. Khorasan conflicts were a beginning to the coming to power of Abbas the Great and his kingdom.

Abbas Mirza (later title: Abbas the Great) fought with Ali Qali Beg Gurkan Shamlu in Khorasan wars, the siege of Neishabur Castle, the siege of Torbat Castle and the Battle of Tirpul against his father king Muhammad Khodabande (current king).

Edna Thomas

Edna Thomas (November 1, 1885 – July 22, 1974) was an American stage actress. She is most famous for her acting in the Federal Theater Project's theater in Harlem, New York, United States. That theater group was part of the Works Progress Administration during the Great Depression. She played Lady Macbeth in a very popular production of the play "MacBeth". Thomas also appeared in the 1951 movie "A Streetcar Named Desire."

Elizabeth Greene (archaeologist)

Elizabeth S. Greene (born December 2nd, 1970) is a North American archaeologist. In 2023, she became the president of the Archaeological Institute of America. She was First Vice President (2020-2023). Before that, she was the institute's Vice President for Cultural Heritage (2017-2020). 

Her specialty is in underwater archaeology ("maritime archaeology"). Her geographical and cultural special area is the Classics. Greene led a team of divers to study harbors in Turkey. She did this work with Middle East Technical University in Ankara, Turkey and Stanford University, California. She and her team also worked with Institute of Nautical Archaeology and the Bodrum Museum of Underwater Archaeology in Bodrum, Turkey.

Greene got her PhD from Princeton University. Greene won the Marilyn Robinson Award for Excellence in Teaching for 2014-15 at Western University. She is a full professor of Classics and archaeology at Brock University in Canada. Greene researches seaborne mobility and interaction across the Mediterranean. Her work uses physical remains to show how trade, fishing, communities, and human migration happened over long periods of time. She has said, "'We look for stories that are told, not just written text but through oral traditions, through art, through painting and the sources that we don't always see.'" 









Supreme Leader (North Korea)

The supreme leader of the Democratic People's Republic of Korea, or simply known as the supreme leader of North Korea is the head of state and head of government of North Korea. The leader directs the executive branch of the federal government and is the commander-in-chief of the North Korean Armed Forces.

Kim Jong-un is the 3rd and current supreme leader of North Korea, in office since December 17, 2011.

the president of the state affairs commission is the head of state of North Korea. The North Korean constitution gives the president the power to lead the state and appoint important state officials.

The president also has the power to appoint diplomatic representatives to serve foreign relations in other countries. The president can declare a state of emergency, a state of war or a mobilization order and direct the country's national defense during times of war. The president also has absolute power and control over North Korea's nuclear arsenal.

The president has the power to choose the vice president, and members of the State Affairs Commission, who are elected by members of the assembly. The president can also propose for their recall by the assembly and the president also has the right to appoint or dismiss important state officials.

The president can submit an agenda that will be discussed by the Supreme People's Assembly. The commission can also submit an agenda to the assembly. The president can also have the right to grant pardons.

The supreme leader is the commander-in-chief of the North Korean Armed Forces. The leader may exercise supreme operational command and control over the country's military forces, and has plenary power to launch, direct and supervise military operations, order or authorize the deployment of troops, or launch nuclear weapons.

Ryongsong Residence is the current and official residence of the supreme leader of North Korea. The supreme leader also has other official state residences but are kept hidden away with absolutely no access to them.

The Ministry of State Security is charged with protecting the supreme leader and the first family of North Korea. As part of their protection, their duties are also to investigate any type of threats towards the Kim family or any government official. It's also tasked to conduct VIP protection duties for North Korean diplomats and employees who work in many North Korean embassies, accompany and other foreign officials abroad.

The North Korean leadership line of succession is the order in which one of the members of the Kim family are to assume the powers and duties as the supreme leader of North Korea upon their death.

OHM (band)

OHM is an American jazz fusion music group. The band has three members. OHM was formed in 1998. The band has made four studio albums. They have also made one live album.

OHM also makes music as "OHMphrey". OHMphrey has more members. The band has made two albums as OHMphrey. The main member of the band is Chris Poland. Poland was the guitar player for Megadeth. Nick Menza was in OHM. Menza was also a member of Megadeth. On May 21, 2016, Menza died while playing the drums in an OHM concert. He died beause of a heart attack.



List of female scientists from Africa

This is a list of female scientists from Africa.









List of women scientists from Asia

This is a list of female scientists from Asia.







List of women scientists from South America

This is a list of female scientists from South America.






Adele Willie

Adele Willie is a female sports commentator. Willie is from Vanuatu. She is among a group of the first female sports commentators from the Pacific Islands. Willie provides commentary on soccer. She discusses soccer in her own indigenous language, which is Bislama. Willie is one of the first commentators from the Pacific Islands to cover the Women’s World Cup.

Willie did not get to play soccer as a child. In Vanuatu, mostly boys play soccer.

Willie was a sports journalist for the Daily Post Vanuatu. She said men did not want to talk to female journalists.

Willie, Jannesa Hinge Moli and Lavenia Yalovi got to call the Pacific Games in 2015, the Commonwealth Games in 2018, and the OFC Women’s Nations Cup. Willie, Hinge Moli, and Yalovi trained for 8 months through an organization called WINS (Women in News and Sports) to get the opportunity to speak about soccer. Willie and Hinge Moli talked in Bislama, and Yalovi talked in Fijian.

Then, they were the first female commentators to go to the Women’s World Cup from the Pacific Islands. They were invited by FIFA. It was part of FIFA Women’s World Cup Pacific Commentary Project.

List of women scientists from Oceania

This is a list of female scientists from Oceania.





Farida Vakil

Farida Vakil founded one of the first all female bands in India. Her girl group, The Ladybirds, only lasted a couple of years. The Ladybirds was considered a "landmark" in Indian music history. She then joined a group called The Riot Squad. Vakil won the Simla Beat Contest shortly after joining The Riot Squad.

Vakil as a child enjoyed cooking, sewing and music. She wondered why she never saw female lead guitarist at beat shows. She made it her mission to be one of India’s first female lead guitar players.

She grew up with no girl bands to look up to. The music scene around that time period was dominated by mainly male groups. Vakil started one of the first all female bands in India. Her group was called The Ladybirds. The Ladybirds soon broke up. Vakil then joined a group called the Riot Squad. The Riot Squad was a big success amongst many audiences. Vikal was known as the "lead lady guitarist." She was very popular. When she was only 19 years old she was interviewed in a popular magazine.

Farida Vakil was exposed to many different types of music. Vakil’s sister worked in the airline industry. She frequently brought back records from all over the world which broadened Farida’s taste in music. Her dad managed her bands. He was very protective over his daughter but also very supportive of her. Vakil got married in 1973, a couple of years after she joined The Riot Squad. 

Vakil won the Simla Beat contest in 1971 along with her band, The Riot Squad. 

Farida Vakil got a record deal with the Riot Squad after winning the Simla Beat Contest. 

Madeline St. Clair

Madeline "Mads" St Clair is an ocean expert. She is a tropical marine biologist. She studies how micro-plastics affect sharks. She is also a marine conservationist. She started the nonprofit organization, Women in Ocean Science.
She created the sustainable swimsuit line, Blu Wild. She sometimes works with Divya Nawale on the Women in Ocean Science advisory board. Her mission is to empower young women and raise awareness of the ocean. St. Clair is a marine photographer and often talks about her mission and work.

St Clair was a finalist for the Ocean Awards 2021 in the Young Initiative category. She is also a certified PADI divemaster and Ambassordiver. She has been a finalist in a number of photography competitions including the British Photography Awards and winner of the Gopro-Padi photo award. 

Divya Nawale

Divya Nawale (born 1980s) is an Indian climate activist and ocean scientist. She has been to Antarctica in 2009 and 2018 with the 2041 ClimateForce team. She travels around the world to give talks about the importance of stopping carbon dioxide emissions melting Antarctic ice. She is a part of the Arctic Angels, a group that works to protect Polar ice. She has helped set up education bases in Pench and Ladakh to combat climate change. She graduated from BITS-Pilani university in India and is a part of the advisory board of Women in Ocean Science.

Nawale was born in the 1980s in Hyderabad, India. She loves nature, because she went to the Himalayas many times with her parents. At 16 or 17, she became a vegan. Nawale loved watching “underwater shows” when she was a kid, which led to her learning about the dangers of climate change on oceans. She grew up middle-class and went to BITS-Pilani university.

Nawale works for the protection of Polar ice. She and her mentor Robert Swan have been to Antarctica twice, in 2009 and 2018. Nawale works with the 2041 Foundation. She learned in Antarctica that 86% of the freshwater in the world is in ice, and Antarctica has 91% of the ice in the world. She and the 2041 Foundation want to keep Antarctica a Global Common in 2041, when the Antarctic treaty will be up for negotiation again. Nawale is an Arctic Angel and a Clean Energy Programs Coordinator at Asian Development Bank. She gives presentations about the importance of people and companies reducing their carbon footprint.

Divya Nawale lives in Hyderabad, India. She has been a vegan since she was a teenager. She has traveled to all seven continents giving talks about climate change. Her mentor is Robert Swan.

Nawale won the BITS Alumni Association 30-Under-30 award for Social Entrepreneurship and community building. She helped the 2041 Foundation set up education bases in Pench and Ladakh using solar energy. Nawale is a part of the Arctic Angels. She is also on the advisory board of Women in Ocean Science.

Amanda Morgan

Amanda Morgan (born 1997) is a dancer at Pacific Northwest Ballet (PNB). She is the first black woman soloist at PNB. She is an activist for taking care of all people who work in the arts. She protests against racism.

Morgan is from Tacoma, Washington. She began dancing at the age of two at the Dance Theatre Northwest. Morgan went to the PNB school. She did PNB's exchange with the Palucca University of Dance in Dresden. She attended summer intensives at Alonzo King LINES Ballet, Boston Ballet School, and the School of American Ballet. Morgan started PNB school at 14, and later joined the company.

Morgan is the first Black and LatinX dancer for PNB. She often had problems being the only Black ballerina in her company. She is also 5 feet 10 inches tall, so she is one of the tallest dancers in ballet. Many choreographers, people who create dances, do not pick Black women to be in their dances. So, Morgan decided be a choreographer and make her own dances.

Morgan founded “The Seattle Project”.  The Seattle Project is a group of collaborative artists. They choreograph dances for dancers from many different backgrounds. Morgan has choreographed for PNB’s Next Step program. Some of those works include “Pages” and “The Argument”. Her first show “The How of It Sped” premiered in February 2020. Morgan collaborated with Nia-Amina Minor to create a film titled "Musings" in 2020. In December 2022, Morgan played Hot Chocolate, Coffee, and Dewdrop in PNB’s version of “The Nutcracker”.

Morgan is now studying arts management at Seattle University.

Melissa Cristina Márquez

Melissa Cristina Márquez (born 1993) is a Puerto Rican marine biologist. She is a shark scientist. She studies Chondrichthyan animals. She researches why they choose specific habitats. She is one of Forbes Magazine's 30 Under 30. "Hola Magazine" also named Márquez a Top 100 Latina Powerhouse in 2021. 

Melissa Cristina Márquez was born in Puerto Rico, but she grew up in Mexico. As a child, Márquez made her very first memories on the beach. She would analyze tidal waters, and gather seashells while watching groups of fish. Márquez grew up watching the Discovery Channel segments about sharks. She was four when she discovered she wanted to study them.

Márquez describes her family as very supportive. Her mother had a career as a biology educator and biochemical engineer.

Márquez received her undergraduate degree at the New College of Florida. She got a masters degree from Victoria University of Wellington. Márquez also has a PhD from Curtin University.

Márquez is an environmental activist and science communicator. Márquez is committed to making sure that all STEM workplaces are inclusive and equally diverse. "Hola Magazine" named Márquez a Top 100 Latina Powerhouse in 2021. She is one of Forbes Magazine's 30 Under 30. 

Márquez is the founder of the Fins United Initiative. She works with Divya Nawale and other members of the advisory board of Women in Ocean Science. She is a judge for Boston Museum of Science's "Reach Out Science Slam." 

Márquez often appears on Discovery Channel's "Shark Week". She published a series of children's books called “Wild Survival!” She stars in the documentary movie "OceanXplorers." Márquez also writes for Forbes Science. Márquez has hosted her own Spanish language environmental podcast called "ConCiencia Azul". She interviews other ocean scientists. She stars in the documentary movie "OceanXplorers." Márquez has given a TEDx talk on “Sharks & Female Scientists: More Alike Than You Think”. 

Rie a.k.a Suzaku

Rie Tomimatsu (born on November 26, 1985), known professionally as Rie a.k.a Suzaku (In Japanese, リエ エー・ケー・エー スザク), is a Japanese heavy metal guitarist, singer, and songwriter. She is the first female to be a solo Japanese heavy metal guitarist. Suzaku won a gold medal at the national Guitar competition. Her record label is Poppin Records. She has released five albums and six mini albums. In 2019, she started a band called the Muses. Suzaku has sixteen solo albums and one album with the Muses. She is one of Shinko Music W100 Guitarist's 100 Females. 

Suzaku was born in Kawasaki Japan. Her sister Emi Tomimatsu important to her childhood life. Her sister got a keyboard when Suzaku was four years old. Her parents taught her about heavy metal music. Her father is a guitarist. Her parents played Bon Jovi, Aerosmith, and Camel in their house. 

She liked music by X Japan. When a member of X Japan, Hide, visited a sick child, Suzaku learned that music could help sick people feel better. She wanted to play music. 

In middle school she joined her school's classical guitar group. The group worked hard. They practiced two times every day. She also started learning to play rock and metal on her guitar. She learned to play rock music by ear. This means she listened to music and played what she heard. She did not have sheet music for heavy metal music.

In high school Suzaku wanted a band. No one wanted to join her band. She kept practicing alone. Boys did not like playing guitar with her.

After high school Suzaku attended the Muse Conservatory of Music. Again, none of her classmates played metal music. 

Suzaku started her career by winning a gold medal at the national guitar competition. Suzaku then switched to the electric guitar to continue her career. She then entered a music college to learn how to sing. She joined her first band. Suzaku continued her career by signed her songs with Poppin Records. She then decided to continue her career as a soloist. 

Suzaku does a lot of composing. Suzaky uses keyboard to compose music, not guitar. She played on an Electone keyboard. She was only interested in heavy metal music, but then she started listening to other music. Soon, she began writing many kinds of music. Suzaku believes that genre is not important in music. 

She works with other popular musicians, for example: Ibuki, Dia, Mitsuru Sutoh, Shingo Tanaka, Mayumu Hidaka and Kanade Sato.

Suzaku has five full length albums and six extended play albums. She released her first album in 2010. It was called Messiah. Her first full album was "Kingdom of the Sun." It was all music made with instruments, no people sang on the album. Her second full album, "Noah's Ark," had many different people singing songs. 

Suzaku started with a band called Ran. She then moved to a solo career. Suzaku created a band called RiViNi in 2017. They played together for two years. Their album, "Resistance," came out in 2018. In 2019, Suzaku signed with King Records and released "Top Runner." She also started a band called "The Muses".

Suzaku has an "Instrumental Summit" concert series. She has also written and performed some music for wrestling competitions. In 2019, Suzaku performed at the first "Metal Matsuri" in London, UK. 

Aisha Wahab

Aisha Wahab (January 11, 1987) is a member of the California State Senate. She represents District 10, which is for Fremont, CA. Wahab is the first Muslim elected to the California State Senate. She is also the first Afghan American to have an elected government job in the United States. She is a member of the Democratic party.

Wahab was born in New York. She is the daughter of two Afghani refugees. Wahab’s father was murdered in New York. Her mother died when Wahab was five years old. She and her sister were put in foster care. Then, they were adopted by an Afghan American couple in Fremont, CA.

Wahab is a graduate from San Jose University. She also went to California State University for her MBA. 

Wahab was a city council member for Hayward, CA. 

Wahab announced her candidacy for State Senate in October of 2021, and won December 5th, 2022. 

Her poverty during childhood and adolescence motivated her to run for state senate so that other immigrants or immigrant families never had to experience student loan debts, housing cost problems, and more (all things she experienced as a child).

Rachel Morford

Rachel Diane Morford (born March 7, 1985) is an American aerospace engineer and former president of the Society of Women Engineers. She is known for her work on national security satellites. She contributed to the production and launch of the Air Force’s Advanced Extremely High Frequency communications satellites. She was recognized with Aerospace Woman of the Year and Aerospace Commitment to Our People Diversity and Inclusion award.

Morford was born in Torrance, California to Linda and Larry Morford. In 2007, Morford graduated USC Viterbi where she graduated with Bachelor’s and a Master’s degrees in electrical engineering. As a freshman at USC, she joined the Society of Women Engineers and stayed involved in the organization for all four of her years at USC Viterbi.

Morford is a principal director at The Aerospace Corporation in El Segundo and has worked on a variety of projects including launching satellites and helped the launch of one of the Air Force’s communication satellites. Morford joined The Aerospace Corporation in 2008 as an MTS in the Launch Directorate in the National Systems Group. In 2014 she transferred to the Systems Integration and Test Office in Engineering and Technology Group while often working with international clients. In January 2020, Morford was promoted to principal director at The Aerospace Corporation in El Segundo.

Morford continues to be very active in community outreach and educating students at science fairs, classrooms, and college campuses. In her free time, she enjoys traveling, running, swimming, and refurbishing furniture. She is married to Matthew Boatman and they have a daughter.

Morford has been recognized with the Aerospace Woman of the Year, Aerospace Commitment to Our People Diversity and Inclusion Award, SWE Distinguished New Engineer, and We Local ELiTE Award.

Sian Henley

Dr. Sian Henley is a marine scientist. She takes part in the Women in Ocean Science (WOS) advisory board. She participated in COP-26, one of the most important scientific conferences. She also takes part in the Arctic PRIZE and CHaOS projects.

Henley studied at the University of Edinburgh in Scotland. She now has a bachelor of sciences degree in environmental geoscience. She has PhDs in marine biochemistry and climate change.

Henley participated in the Arctic PRIZE (PRoductivity in the seasonal Ice ZonE). This project investigates the impact of sea changes in Antarctica. She also takes part in CHaOS (Changing Arctic Ocean Seafloor). It focuses on uncovering the effect of the melting ice cover on different areas in marine life. Henley conducts her own research too: ecosystem change in the Arctic, nutrient and carbon dynamics and the marine nitrogen cycle. She is part of the Southern Ocean Observation System (SOOS). Henley is also part of Women in Ocean Science (WOS) an organization aiming to support women in the field of ocean science and to let them be heard.

Jackie Copeland

Jackie “Bouvier” Copeland (born: April 12, 1962) is an African American philanthropist. She is the founder of the WISE Fund, which financially supports women of color working to save the environment. Copeland also founded Black Philanthropy Month and the Pan-African Women’s Philanthropy Network (PAWPNet).

Copeland was born in urban Philadelphia to James and Willette Copeland.

Copeland is the founder of the WISE Fund. The WISE Fund provides seed funding and coaching to women of color who found organizations working to save the environment. She has also founded Black Philanthropy Month, which is commemorated every August and has been recognized by the United Nations. Copeland co-founded Pan-African Women’s Philanthropy Network (PAWPNet) with colleague Mojúbàolú Olufúnké Okome. PAWPNet is an online community for African American women that provides advice and information. Copeland wrote her first book in 2004, called "Creating Africa in America: Translocal Identity in an Emerging World City". Copeland has also co-authored various books, such as "Applying Anthropology in the Global Village" with Christina Wasson and Mary Butler, "Evaluation Anthropology" with Mary Butler, and "African Immigrant Innovations in 21st Century Giving" with Mojúbàolú Olufúnké Okome and Dr. Una Okonkwo Osili. 

Copeland has also released a jazz album called Blachant on April 14th, 2022 and has shared that she is a certified Zumba instructor.

Copeland developed the original design of My Brother's Keeper that would eventually inspire My Brother's Keepers initiative launched by President Barack Obama. 

Copeland was a Bush Foundation Fellow in 1997 and has received the Hero for Health award. She was also recognized as a HistoryMaker, and was included in the Congressional Record.

Eleina Butuna

Eleina Butuna is an award winning citizen of Papua New Guinea, and won the Westpac Outstanding Women (WOW) award in 2012.Butuna fought for equal payment and employment opportunities for women, and became president of an organization that previously had a large male population.

Butuna is from a small island in Papua New Guinea called Brumer Island. She was born and raised there with her 3 siblings, and has a son. Her son, Jayhugh Smith or Prote - J, was born in 1987, in LA, then moved to Papua New Guinea, then moved back to Orlando at 12 years old. He started his music career soon after school. Prote - J was also influenced by his mother (Butuna) when it came to music. Butuna was supposedly a fan of Michael Jackson. She listened to Michael Jackson with her son and her son became inspired.

Butuna always had learning as a big priority. Her parents never had a good education, so they always wanted the best for their kids when it came to schooling. She also made sure her son had a good education, and her son has a bachelor's degree in business administration.

Butuna has didn't start as an organization president. As Butuna prioritized the education of all, including her, she attended college. She then became a lecturer at the University of Papua New Guinea.After becoming lecturer, she received the WOW award and discussed both her public and private (professional) career life.Then, later on, Butuna became president.

Setsu Asakura

Setsu Asakura (1922-March 27, 2014) was a Japanese painter, filmmaker and set designer. Asakura was also known for her movies. These movies deal with topics such as fantasy and drama. Asakura won the Belgian Salon du Printemps award in 1948. The Centennial Retrospective of her work at the Museum of Modern Art, Hayama, included 200 paintings and artwork, especially for children's picture books, fashion designs for models, and stage designed drawings.

Asakura was born in Yamaka Tokyo, She was the oldest daughter of the sculptor Fumio Asakura. When she was 17, she was taught by the painter Shinsui-Ito. In the first half of her life she created 40 pieces of artwork.

Asakura took influence from M.C. Escher, Dutch graphic artist. She has created 12 films in her lifetime.Her more well known films are Demon Pond, Crane, Akuryo-to, and Sono hito wa mukashi.

Asakura won the Belgian Salon du Printemps award in 1948.

Unlimited Love

Unlimited Love is the twelfth studio album by Red Hot Chili Peppers. Red Hot Chili Peppers is an American rock band. It was released on April 1, 2022. It was produced by Rick Rubin. It is the first Red Hot Chili Peppers album with John Frusciante on it since "Stadium Arcadium" (2006).

The album has two singles. These are "Black Summer" and "These Are the Ways". They were released before the album. "Black Summer" was number one on the "Billboard" Alternative Songs chart. The album came out at number one on music charts many 16 countries.

All songs written by Anthony Kiedis, Flea, John Frusciante, and Chad Smith.


Da Hool

Frank Tomiczek (born 30 December 1968), also known as Da Hool, is an German DJ and producer.


Nirban

Nirban, also spelt Narban or Nirwan, is a large gotra of Yaduvanshi Ahirs of Haryana. There are villages of Nirban in Pataudi. They an also be found in the Badli and Haidurpur villages of Delhi.

Nirban is also a clan of Rajputs. According to Sir Henry Miers Elliot, the Nirban gotra is also found in Nandvanshi Ahirs.


Debits and credits

Debits and credits are used in double entry-bookkeeping to know what money is going in or going out to your business.

An account is debited when the money is going in to your business. This means that increase in assets and expenses are recorded as debits.

Meanwhile, an account is credited when the money is going out from your business. This means that increase in liabilities, capital, and revenues are recorded as credits.

If assets and expense decreases, they are recorded as credits.

If liabilities, capital, and revenues decreases they are recorded as debits.

The chart also explains the following below:

Les Loges, Seine-Maritime

Les Loges is a commune. It is in Normandy in the Seine-Maritime department in north France.

Campos dos Goytacazes

Campos dos Goytacazes is an Brazilian city in the state of Rio de Janeiro. 511,168 people lived here in 2020 and its area is 4,032 km².

Alcalá de Guadaíra

Alcalá de Guadaíra is a municipality of 75,917 people (2022). It is in the province of Seville in the autonomous community of Andalusia in south Spain. The city is 15 km southeast of Seville, on the river Guadaíra.

Hausen im Wiesental

Hausen im Wiesental is a municipality in Lörrach in Baden-Württemberg in Germany.


Álvaro Morata

Álvaro Borja Morata Martín (born 23 October 1992) is a Spanish football player. He plays as a striker for Atlético Madrid and the Spain national team.

Inside the Fire (song)

"Inside the Fire" is a 2008 song by American alternative metal band Disturbed and is the leading single from their fourth studio album "Indestructible". It went to number 73 in the United States. It was nominated for a Grammy Award in 2009.

Compact disc
7" vinyl
Digital download
United Kingdom digital download

Marcq-en-Ostrevent

Marcq-en-Ostrevent is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 748 people lived there.


Maretz

Maretz is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 1,444 people lived there.


Marpent

Marpent is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 2,701 people lived there.


Marquillies

Marquillies is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 1,998 people lived there.


Masnières

Masnières is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 2,745 people lived there.


Ronald de Jong

Ronald de Jong (1962 — 12 January 2023) known as Rooie Ron (translated “Red Ron”) was a Dutch soft drugs trafficker.

De Jong was born in Amsterdam and grew up there. In the early 1990s, De Jong earned a lot of money trading large quantities of weed. As a driver he transported the weed and also smuggled it to the United Kingdom. The police and Public Prosecution Service saw these and other drug transports, but let it go in order to get to the top of the criminal organization with leaders like Mink K. and Stanley Hillis. This became known as the IRT Affair. It caused commotion in 1993 because police officers also turned out to be dealing in drugs and earning millions themselves. There came a parliamentary investigative into these controversial investigative methods, led by politician Maarten van Traa. He had a verdict in 1996 that also led to a stricter legislation.

De Jong later had legal proceedings about money laundering of the money he had earned from the drug trade. In 2017, the court convicted De Jong of money laundering, after a lengthy procedure. He was sentenced to six months in prison and his villa was confiscated. In 2018, the Court of Appeal acquitted him of money laundering. However the Public Prosecution Service appealed in cassation and the Supreme Court sent the case back to the Court for a new appeal.

De Jong died in Spain on 12 January 2023 from a long illness, at the age of 60.

List of Bad Girls characters

This is a list of cast members and characters from the British drama "Bad Girls", which aired from 1999 to 2006.


Debra Stephenson

Debra Stephenson (born 4 June 1972) is an English actress, comedian, impressionist and singer. She is best known for portraying the roles of Shell Dockley in the ITV prison-based drama series "Bad Girls" (1999–2001, 2003), and Frankie Baldwin in the ITV soap opera "Coronation Street" (2004–2006).

Stephenson was born and raised in Kingston upon Hull.


Sitka spruce

The Sitka spruce tree is one of the Pinaceae tree family. Its botanical name is Picea sitchensis. 

The tree is the state tree of U.S. state of Alaska. It can grow almost up to 100 meters tall. It has a shallow root system with long lateral roots and few branches. It is a long-lived tree, and can live for more than 700 years old. 

The tree is quite common in the Western coast of Canada.

Linda Henry

Linda Varilis (née Henry; born 24 August 1959) is an English actress. She is best known for portraying the roles of Yvonne Atkins in the ITV prison-based drama series "Bad Girls" (1999–2003), and Shirley Carter in the BBC One soap opera "EastEnders" (2006–present). She had previously appeared in "EastEnders" as the original Lorraine Salter (1991–1992).

Henry was born and raised in Peckham, London.

Novo Hamburgo

Novo Hamburgo is an Brazilian city in the state of Rio Grande do Sul. 247,032 people lived here in 2020 and its area is 224 km². It was named after the German city of Hamburg. The people who founded the city in the 1830s were from the Azores. During the next 50 years, many people immigrated from Germany. They were not from Hamburg, but mostly from the Hunsrück, a mountain range near Koblenz. They all used the port of Hamburg to leave Europe, though. Novo Hamburgo is about north of Porto Alegre. Together with Franca, the city calls itself the capital of shoes (Capital Nacional do Calçado, in Portuguese).

Maulde

Maulde is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 1,033 people lived there.


Maurois

Maurois is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 403 people lived there.


Mazinghien

Mazinghien is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 305 people lived there.


Merckeghem

Merckeghem is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 606 people lived there.


Mérignies

Mérignies is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 3,199 people lived there.


Millam

Millam is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 837 people lived there.


Millonfosse

Millonfosse is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 718 people lived there.


National Book Critics Circle Award

The National Book Critics Circle Award is a group of literary prizes. Awards are given every year for six kinds of books: autobiography, biography, criticism, fiction, non-fiction, and poetry.

The National Book Critics Circle was started in 1974. The purpose of the group is to praise very good writing and to make "a national conversation about reading, criticism, and literature."

The members of the National Book Critics Circle are all professional book critics, people who read, think, and write about books for a living. They choose the winning books each year in the month of March. They also award an outstanding member of the group each year. Achievement awards are given "to individuals and literary institutions" for very good long-term work. 


Mœuvres

Mœuvres is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 481 people lived there.


Monceau-Saint-Waast

Monceau-Saint-Waast is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 455 people lived there.


Monchaux-sur-Écaillon

Monchaux-sur-Écaillon is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 538 people lived there.


Moncheaux

Moncheaux is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 1,632 people lived there.


Mons-en-Pévèle

Mons-en-Pévèle is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 2,115 people lived there.


Montay

Montay is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 276 people lived there.


Montigny-en-Cambrésis

Montigny-en-Cambrésis is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 557 people lived there.


Montigny-en-Ostrevent

Montigny-en-Ostrevent is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 4,793 people lived there.


Montrécourt

Montrécourt is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 224 people lived there.


Morbecque

Morbecque is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 2,524 people lived there.


Mouchin

Mouchin is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 1,408 people lived there.


Moustier-en-Fagne

Moustier-en-Fagne is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 58 people lived there.


Niergnies

Niergnies is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 514 people lived there.


Florencia, Caquetá

Florencia is a city in Colombia. It is the capital of Caquetá Department.

Simone Kramer

Cornelia Simone Kramer-Kramer (9 July 1939 – 9 January 2023) was a Dutch children's writer and translator.

Kramer was born in Bodegraven in 1939, as the youngest in a family of eight children. Her father was a primary school principal in Bodegraven. After primary school, she attended the gymnasium and went afterwards to music school. During her studies, Kramer worked part-time as a doctor's assistant and saleswoman in a department store.

In 1966 she started working for the VARA. At first in the music department and later in the film department. She translated many films including "The BFG" of Roald Dahl. In 1984 Kramer started working as a children's book author for children from the age of 10 years. In addition, Kramer wrote picture books and books for younger children. Her books were published by . Kramer included Greek mythologies in her stories. Her most known book was "Een steen door de ruit" from 1987 that received a tip from the and won the prize of the Children and Youth Jury Limburg.

Kramer died in 's-Graveland on 9 January 2023, at the age of 83.

PEN/Hemingway Award

The PEN/Hemingway Award for Debut Novel is a prize given by PEN America to the best first novel by an American author. The winner receives $10,000 to help give them time and space to write as they begin their career.

This is one of the PEN America Literary Awards, which are a group of twenty awards that are given for writing. 

These awards started in 1963. They are given by PEN America, the American branch of International PEN. This group works "to protect free expression in the United States and worldwide." The group works for the freedom of writers to say what they want to say in their writing.

PEN America began in 1922. After World War I, to build peace and understanding, writers wanted to be connected to each other across many countries. The word PEN is an acronym that means "Poets, Essayists, Novelists."

Peter Hansborough Bell

Peter Hansborough Bell (May 11, 1810 – March 8, 1898) was an American military officer and politician. He was the 3rd governor of Texas from 1849 to 1853. He also represented Texas in the House of Representatives for 2 terms (1853-1857). He was a Democrat.

Bell died on March 8, 1898, in Littleton, North Carolina. He was 87.

PEN/Faulkner Award

The PEN/Faulkner Award is a literary prize for fiction that is given every year by the PEN/Faulkner Foundation in Washington, D. C. The prize tries to honor books that help people to understand each other and to live together in peace. The PEN/Faulkner Foundation believes that "fiction creates empathy within and among communities and advances civil discourse."

The award began in 1983. Writer Mary Lee Settle wanted to begin "the largest annual peer-juried prize for fiction in the United States." She named the award for International PEN and for William Faulkner who helped young writers with his own Nobel Prize money.


Franca

Franca is a city in the state of São Paulo, in Brazil. In 2021, about 358,000 people lived there. The city is about from São Paulo, the capital of the state. It is about from Brasília. 

In Brazil, the city is known as "The National Capital of Footwear", and "The National Capital of Basketball".

The city is in the center of an urban area of about 672,000 people, in 19 municipalities. It is among the top Brazilian cities with the best urban sanitation.

The parish of Franca was founded in 1805, being part of Mogi Mirim until 1824. The city status was received in 1856.

Franca is the largest footwear producer in Brazil and Latin America. There are many medium and large industries. It is also known for the production of footwear components. The city houses reputed design centers intended for training new professionals to work in Brazil and abroad.

Franca is also traditionally connected to agriculture. It is located in the area of "Alta Mogiana", one of the best coffee producing territories in the world, due to the abundance of purple soil, and favorable climate for cultivation.

The city houses a diversified industrial park, the production of metal, furniture, food, and beverage is very active. The industry of jewelry and diamond has been active for many years in Franca, placing the city as one of the largest diamond cutting centers in Brazil.

Batu Pahat District

Batu Pahat District is a district in the state of Johor, Malaysia.

From Malaysian census data,

Bamenda

Bamenda is a city in northwestern Cameroon and is the capital of the Northwest Region. About 2 million people live there. It is northwest of the Cameroonian capital, Yaoundé.

Garoua

Garoua is a city in northern Cameroon and is the capital of the North Region. It is on the Benue River. In 2020, 1,285,000 people live there. The main ethnic groups are the Fulbe/Fulani.

Johor Bahru District

Johor Bahru District is a district in the state of Johor, Malaysia.

From Malaysian census data,

Parnamirim

Parnamirim is an Brazilian city in the state of Rio Grande do Norte. It is next to the state capital Natal. 267,036 people lived here in 2020 and its area is 123,5 km².

Mossoró

Mossoró is an Brazilian city in the state of Rio Grande do Norte. In 2020, 300,618 people lived here, which makes it the second-largest city by population in the state and its area is 2,110 km². The city is known for the salt production and 
petroleum industry.

1991–92 Austrian Cup

The 1991-92 Austrian Cup was Austria's nationwide football cup competition. SV Stockerau were the defending champions.

Franz Wohlfahrt - Attila Sekerlioglu - Manfred Zsak - Anton Pfeffer - Christian Prosenik - Peter Stöger - Walter Hörmann - Valdas Ivanauskas - Thomas Flögel - Andreas Ogris - Robertas Fridrikas coach: Herbert Prohaska
Wolfgang Knaller - Uwe Müller - Gerald Messlender - Alois Dötzl - Gerald Bacher - Gerald Glatzmayer - Peter Artner - Roger Ljung - Dietmar Kühbauer - Johann Abfalterer - Olaf Marschall coach: Sigfried Held

Kluang District

Kluang District is a district in the state of Johor, Malaysia.

From Malaysian census data,

El Sobrante, Contra Costa County, California

El Sobrante (Spanish for "The Surplus") is a census-designated place in Contra Costa County, California. In 2020, 15,524 people lived there.

The United States Census Bureau stated that El Sobrante has an area of 2.8 square miles (7 km). All of it is land.

Some of the main roads in El Sobrante are San Pablo Dam Road and Valley View Road. San Pablo Dam Road connects to Interstate 80. El Sobrante also has San Pablo Creek. 

Kota Tinggi District

Kota Tinggi District is a district in the state of Johor, Malaysia.

From Malaysian census data,

Richard Estes

Richard Estes (born May 14, 1932, in Kewanee, Illinois) is an American painter, best known for his photorealist work. 

Estes creates his paintings based on several photographs that he takes. His paintings tend to consist of reflective and inanimate cityscapes and geometric landscapes. He is considered as one of the founders of the international photo-realist movement of the late 1960s, with other painters such as John Baeder, Chuck Close, Audrey Flack, Don Eddy and Ralph Goings.

He is represented in some of leading art museums in the world.

It (franchise)

It is an American media franchise consists of of horror movies and television series. First there was the It miniseries in 1990. Then 2 It movies were made in 2017 and 2019.

Cornufer batantae

The Batana wrinkled ground frog ("Cornufer batantae") is a frog. It lives in Papua New Guinea and Indonesia on Batanta Island and Waigeo Island. Scientists first saw it on Mt. Besar, about 1500 meters above sea level.

Kulai District

Kulai District is a district in the state of Johor, Malaysia.

From Malaysian census data,

Mersing District

Mersing District is a district in the state of Johor, Malaysia.

From Malaysian census data,

Muar District

Muar District is a district in the state of Johor, Malaysia.

From Malaysian census data,

Nieurlet

Nieurlet is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 917 people lived there.


Nivelle

Nivelle is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 1,351 people lived there.


Nomain

Nomain is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 2,549 people lived there.


Montería

Montería is a city in Colombia. It is the capital of Córdoba Department.

Yopal

Yopal is a city in Colombia. It is the capital of Casanare Department.

Noyelles-lès-Seclin

Noyelles-lès-Seclin is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 858 people lived there.


Noyelles-sur-Escaut

Noyelles-sur-Escaut is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 811 people lived there.


Noyelles-sur-Selle

Noyelles-sur-Selle is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 697 people lived there.


Obies

Obies is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 660 people lived there.


Obrechies

Obrechies is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 269 people lived there.


Ors

Ors is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 640 people lived there.


Orsinval

Orsinval is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 553 people lived there.


Ostricourt

Ostricourt is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 5,454 people lived there.


Oxelaëre

Oxelaëre is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 517 people lived there.


Mocoa

Mocoa is a city in Colombia. It is the capital of Putumayo Department.

Paillencourt

Paillencourt is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 1,009 people lived there.


Pontian District

Pontian District is a district in the state of Johor, Malaysia.

From Malaysian census data,

Segamat District

Segamat District is a district in the state of Johor, Malaysia.

From Malaysian census data,

Tangkak District

Tangkak District is a district in the state of Johor, Malaysia.

From Malaysian census data,

Sweeper (association football)

The sweeper, also known as the libero, is a crucial position in association football. Unlike other defenders who have a specific opponent to mark, the sweeper is a more versatile centre-back who has the freedom to move around the defensive line and sweep up loose balls if an opponent manages to breach the defense.
The sweeper's role is to act as the last line of defense and provide cover for the other defenders. They are responsible for quickly identifying and reacting to any threats posed by the opposition and making crucial tackles or interceptions. The sweeper's ability to read the game and anticipate the opposition's moves is vital to the team's success.
The position of the sweeper is more fluid than that of other defenders, which allows them to play a more proactive role in building attacks from the back. This added flexibility means that the sweeper can also provide additional support to the midfield, making them a valuable asset to any team.
The sweeper position is often associated with the Italian style of play, and the term "libero" is derived from Italian, meaning "free." However, the position has been used by successful teams from all over the world, including the Brazilian national team of the 1970s.
The sweeper is a unique and important position in association football that requires a high level of skill and tactical awareness. A versatile player who can read the game and quickly react to any threats, the sweeper is an asset to any team looking to build a strong defense and launch effective counterattacks.

Pecquencourt

Pecquencourt is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 6,088 people lived there.


Petite-Forêt

Petite-Forêt is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 4,887 people lived there.


Phalempin

Phalempin is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 4,820 people lived there.


Pommereuil

Pommereuil is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 776 people lived there.


Saint-Georges-sur-l'Aa

Saint-Georges-sur-l'Aa is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 309 people lived there.


Saint-Souplet

Saint-Souplet is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 1,216 people lived there.


Villers-Guislain

Villers-Guislain is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 691 people lived there.


Sars-et-Rosières

Sars-et-Rosières is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 608 people lived there. The "Château du Loir" was built in the 15th century.


Steenwerck

Steenwerck is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 3,672 people lived there.


Villers-en-Cauchies

Villers-en-Cauchies is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 1,187 people lived there.


Villers-Outréaux

Villers-Outréaux is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 2,142 people lived there.


Pont-à-Marcq

Pont-à-Marcq is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 2,911 people lived there.


Pont-sur-Sambre

Pont-sur-Sambre is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 2,469 people lived there.


Potelle

Potelle is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 425 people lived there.


Santa Maria do Herval

Santa Maria do Herval is an Brazilian municipality in the state of Rio Grande do Sul.

Presidente Lucena

Presidente Lucena is a Brazilian municipality in the state of Rio Grande do Sul.

Prémesques

Prémesques is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 2,123 people lived there.


Préseau

Préseau is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 1,993 people lived there.


Astrapia

Astrapia (Vieillot, 1816) is a genus of birds-of-paradise. The genus contains five species, all endemic to New Guinea. 

The males have highly iridescent plumage and remarkably long tails. Females are duller and have shorter tails.

DZET-TV

DZET-TV, Channel 28 (analog) and Channel 51 (digital), is a television station in the Philippines. It is owned and operated by TV5 Network Inc. through its licensee ABC Development Corporation. Its studio is located in Baguio. Its transmitter is on Mt. Sto. Tomas, Tuba, Benguet.

UHF Channel 51 (695.143 MHz)


Surreal humour

Surreal humor (or surreal humour) is a form of humor. It wants to be funny by going against causal reasoning. This causes the humor to be illogical, and the humor is created by irrational or absurd situations, or scenes which do not make any sense. The phenomenon is also called surreal comedy, absurdist humor, or absurdist comedy. 

Surreal humor was made using surrealism, an art movement of the 20th century. French and Belgian artists started it. They depicted illogical scenes while creating methods to allow the unconscious mind to express itself. The movement itself was foreshadowed by English writers in the 19th century, most notably Lewis Carroll and Edward Lear. The humor in surreal comedy comes from performing in a manner that contradicts audience expectations, emphasizing the silliness and low chances of the situation occurring, so that the humor is created from uncertainty that is separate from a logical analysis of the situation.

Surreal humor in theater is usually about the insensitivity, paradox, absurdity, and cruelty of the modern world. Absurd and surrealist cinema often deals with elements of dark humor: disturbing or sinister subjects like death, disease, or warfare are treated with amusement and bitterness, creating the appearance of an intention to shock and offend.

Preux-au-Bois

Preux-au-Bois is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 837 people lived there.


Preux-au-Sart

Preux-au-Sart is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 309 people lived there.


Les Loges

Les Loges is the name or part of the name of several communes in France:

Les Loges-en-Josas

Les Loges-en-Josas is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Yvelines department in north-central France.

Prisches

Prisches is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 1,036 people lived there.


Prouvy

Prouvy is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 2,220 people lived there.


Rapid Oberlaa

A11-R. Oberlaa is a soccerclub from Oberlaa, a part of Favoriten, Viennas tenth district. 

The club was founded in 1911 in Oberlaa, which was then in Lower Austria. In 1919, the members of the football club decided to register the association. After playing for several decades in various classes of the Vienna Football Association, the club experienced its most successful period in the 1940s. In the not finished season at the end of the Second World War (1944/45), Rapid Oberlaa played in the highest Austrian league for the first time. In the following season, they were relegated. Rapid Oberlaa managed to get promoted again for three years. After their next relegation Oberlaa slowly slipped into fifth division. In 2003 they merged with FC Austria 11. The new name is "A11-R. Oberlaa". They play in the Wiener 2. Landesliga.


Proville

Proville is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 3,124 people lived there.


Provin

Provin is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 4,403 people lived there.


Quaëdypre

Quaëdypre is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 1,129 people lived there.


Quarouble

Quarouble is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 3,077 people lived there.


Saint-Hilaire-lez-Cambrai

Saint-Hilaire-lez-Cambrai is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 1,566 people lived there.


Eduardo Camavinga

Eduardo Celmi Camavinga (born 10 November 2002) is a French football player. He plays as a midfielder for Real Madrid and the France national team.

Camavinga was born in a refugee camp in Cabinda, Angola in 2002, to Congolese parents from Brazzaville.

Real Madrid

France

Individual

Samuel Umtiti

Samuel Yves Umtiti (; born 14 November 1993) is a professional footballer who plays as a centre-back for Ligue 1 club Lille.

Lyon

Barcelona

France U20

France

Individual

Orders

Hennebont

Hennebont () is a commune. It is in Brittany in the Morbihan department in northwest France.

Hennebont is twinned with:

Tagblatt-Pokal

The Tagblatt-Pokal (Tagblatt-Cup) was an annual Viennese league football championship. It was the first of its kind in Austria. It was held three times between 1900 and 1903 and won by Wiener AC each time. It is considered the forerunner of today's Bundesliga in Austria.
The Tagblatt Cup was started in 1900 by the well-known Viennese daily newspaper "Neues Wiener Tagblatt" and was only open to Viennese clubs. The Tagblatt Cup consisted of two league classes. In the top division, the 1st class, five teams played. In the first year they were only four . The rest was divided into the 2nd classes A and B. The winners of these classes played for the Tagblatt Cup the next year. The last two of the 1st class had to be relegated to the 2nd class.This rule has not been applied regularly for various reasons. For example in the last season a relegation was played. The end of the Tagblatt Cup finally came in the fourth season as several teams left the association.
Promotioan

Relegation: SK Rapid Wien – Deutscher Sportverein 3:0
Promotion: SK Rapid Wien

Underwear as outerwear

Wearing underwear as outerwear is a fashion trend. Celebrities, sports and media made it popular. It began as a practical and comfortable variation of clothing, such as the T-shirt and the sleeveless shirt. Later, this lead to fashion statements that were seen as controversial and provocative. 21st century versions include the display of thongs and bras in women's clothing, and the display of underpants under low-slung pants in men. The idea of wearing underwear as outerwear is not new. The display of undergarments was already popular in the sixteenth and seventeenth centuries.

Whale tail

When women dress up in a G-string, which is partly visible under their trousers, this is called a whale tail. Female celebrities such as Christina Aguilera, Victoria Beckham, Mariah Carey, Paris Hilton and Britney Spears, made displaying whale tails popular in the early 2000s. Low-rise jeans and thong panties became popular at the same time 

Low-waisted trousers, such as low-rise jeans or hip-huggers, and higher-cut thongs led to greater exposure of the whale tail. The trend was also associated with the trend of sporting lower back tattoos.

Claudio Moneta

Claudio Moneta (born 1967) is an Italian voice actor. His major roles are the Italian voices of SpongeBob SquarePants (character) from SpongeBob SquarePants and Goku in Dragon Ball Super after the death of Paolo Torrisi.

Lower back tattoo

A lower back tatoo is a tatoo, on the lower part of the back. These tatoos became more popular in the first decade of the 21st century. Many people see them as erotic. They are often symmetrical. People often wear clothing that makes the tatoo more prominent. Women use such tatoos more often than men.

Quesnoy-sur-Deûle

Quesnoy-sur-Deûle is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 6,931 people lived there.


Quiévelon

Quiévelon is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 136 people lived there.


Quiévrechain

Quiévrechain is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 6,362 people lived there.


FaZe Rug

Brian Awadis (born November 19, 1996), better known as FaZe Rug, is an American YouTuber. He makes vlogs, challenges, gaming videos, and pranks on YouTube. He is one of the owners of FaZe Clan. He is the most subscribed gamer in FaZe Clan on YouTube. Awadis has over 23.9 million subscribers. The FaZe Rug YouTube Channel has been sponsored by over 20 brands, including RhinoShield, and .

Râches

Râches is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 2,701 people lived there.


Radinghem-en-Weppes

Radinghem-en-Weppes is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 1,401 people lived there.


Raimbeaucourt

Raimbeaucourt is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 4,008 people lived there.


Rainsars

Rainsars is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 177 people lived there.


Ramousies

Ramousies is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 228 people lived there.


Cornufer elegans

The elegant sticky-toed frog ("Cornufer elegans") is a frog. It lives on Bouganville Island in the Solomon Islands. Scientists saw it between 2200 and 3200 feet above sea level.

Raucourt-au-Bois

Raucourt-au-Bois is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 162 people lived there.


Recquignies

Recquignies is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 2,446 people lived there.


Rejet-de-Beaulieu

Rejet-de-Beaulieu is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 242 people lived there.


Reumont

Reumont is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 352 people lived there.


Rexpoëde

Rexpoëde is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 1,977 people lived there.

It is southeast of Dunkirk, near the Belgian border.


Ribécourt-la-Tour

Ribécourt-la-Tour is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 373 people lived there.


Rieulay

Rieulay is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 1,261 people lived there.


Robersart

Robersart is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 198 people lived there.


Ronchin

Ronchin is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 19,294 people lived there.


Wandignies-Hamage

Wandignies-Hamage is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 1,319 people lived there.


Rosult

Rosult is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 1,931 people lived there.


Rumegies

Rumegies is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 1,758 people lived there.


Rousies

Rousies is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 4,072 people lived there.


Rouvignies

Rouvignies is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 655 people lived there.


Rubrouck

Rubrouck is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 928 people lived there.


Les Rues-des-Vignes

Les Rues-des-Vignes is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 771 people lived there.

In the Middle Ages, it was called "Vinchy". It was the site of a famous battle of the then-rising Charles Martel in spring 717.


Ruesnes

Ruesnes is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 459 people lived there.


Majadahonda

Majadahonda is a municipality in the Community of Madrid, Spain.

It has an area of 38.47 km² and a population of 72,173 people.

Alfaro, La Rioja

Alfaro is a town and municipality in La Rioja in northern Spain. 9,727 people lived here in 2022 and its area is 194.23 km².

Sailly-lez-Cambrai

Sailly-lez-Cambrai is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 443 people lived there.


Sailly-lez-Lannoy

Sailly-lez-Lannoy is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 1,937 people lived there.


Sainghin-en-Weppes

Sainghin-en-Weppes is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 5,481 people lived there.


Saint-Aybert

Saint-Aybert is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 348 people lived there.


Saint-Benin

Saint-Benin is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 340 people lived there.


Sainte-Marie-Cappel

Sainte-Marie-Cappel is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 902 people lived there.


Saint-Hilaire-sur-Helpe

Saint-Hilaire-sur-Helpe is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 827 people lived there.


Love Yourself

"Love Yourself" is a 2015 song by Canadian singer Justin Bieber and is taken from his fourth studio album "Purpose". It topped the single charts in many countries around the world.

List of programs broadcast by Noggin

This is a list of TV shows that have been shown on Noggin. Noggin started in 1999 as a TV channel. Since 2015, Noggin has been a streaming app instead. Noggin was started by two companies, MTV Networks and Sesame Workshop.

In 1999, Noggin mostly made TV shows for tweens and teenagers. In 2002, Noggin changed its schedule. It showed preschool shows in the mornings and teen shows at night. The nighttime schedule got its own name, "The N."

The Noggin channel launched on February 2, 1999 and closed on September 28, 2009. It started out mainly aimed at tweens and teenagers, with a few of its morning programs aimed at younger children. From April 1, 2002 onward, the channel devoted half of its schedule (6 a.m. to 6 p.m.) to preschoolers and the other half (6 p.m. to 6 a.m.) to its original older audience.

MTV Networks and Sesame Workshop created a company, Noggin LLC, to produce original content for their network in 1999. In 2002, Sesame Workshop sold its stake in Noggin LLC, but it continued to co-produce content for Noggin.

Noggin aired an overnight programming block called The N (standing for Noggin) from April 1, 2002 until December 31, 2007.

Reruns of series from Sesame Workshop's content library were shown as a staple of Noggin from 1999 to 2005. Two syndication packages of "Sesame Street" episodes, titled "Sesame Street Unpaved" and "123 Sesame Street", were created specifically by and for Noggin LLC.

In March 2015, the Noggin brand was relaunched as a video-on-demand streaming app. It has featured shows from the original Noggin channel as well as some exclusive shows and currently-running series from Nickelodeon's library.


Noggin

Noggin is a TV brand. It was started by two companies: MTV Networks and Sesame Workshop. It came out in 1999 as a TV channel. Since 2015, it has been a streaming app instead.

In 1999, Noggin mostly made TV shows for tweens and teenagers. In 2002, Noggin changed its schedule. It showed preschool shows in the mornings and teen shows at night. The nighttime schedule got its own name, "The N."

The name "Noggin" is a slang word that means "head." The makers of Noggin decided on this name because they wanted Noggin to be a "thinking channel" that inspired kids and made them think.

There have been lots of different shows on Noggin. Some of Noggin's first shows were "Phred on Your Head Show" and "A Walk in Your Shoes". Noggin made preschool shows like "Oobi" and "The Upside Down Show". It also made teen shows for its nighttime schedule, like "O'Grady" and "South of Nowhere".

Colturano

Colturano is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Milan in the Lombardy region in Italy.

Saint-Jans-Cappel

Saint-Jans-Cappel is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 1,706 people lived there.


Dilip Sardjoe

Dilip Sardjoe (11 November 1949 – 15 January 2023) was a Surinamese businessman and politician. He is seen as the most successful, but also the most controversial and richest businessman from Suriname. He was CEO and owner of Rudisa Holdingmaatschappij N.V.

Sardjoe started his career at a young age shortly after leaving high school. He started as a small trader and founded Rudisa International in 1975. As a salesman, insurance agent and entrepreneur, he had over 17 national and international companies at the age of 25. He imported goods and was representative of several international brands in Suriname. Sardjoe sponsonred the Verenigde Hervormingspartij (VHP) for years and was the treasurer. However, he left the party in 1994. With several of dissidents he founded the of Basispartij voor Vernieuwing en Democratie (BVD) and became chairman of the party. The BVD had a good cooperation with theNationale Democratische Partij (NDP) of ex-dictator Desi Bouterse. He helped the goverment of his fellow party member Jules Wijdenbosch.

Sardjoe was married, had a daughter and grandson. He was ill and moved for the Netherlands for medical treatment. He died there on 15 January 2023, at the age of 73.

Charles Reznikoff

Charles Reznikoff (August 31, 1894 – January 22, 1976) was an American poet.

He was born in Brooklyn, New York and lived in New York City for most of his life. His parents were immigrants, refugees from anti-Jewish violence in the Russian Empire. His father was a hat-maker.

In 1912 he entered the New York University School of Law and practiced law briefly after graduating in 1915. He tried some jobs, but writing poetry was his main interest. He was influenced by the work of Ezra Pound and other modernist writers.

In the beginning, Reznikoff printed most of his own books. He was not well known as a poet until the 1950s. Then he was connected to a group of poets that were called "Objectivists". Louis Zukofsky included one of his poems in the February 1931 edition of Poetry magazine. His poems were known for their direct language. The poems did not focus on symbols or emotions. They stressed seeing and knowing what was in the outer world. They had "an almost documentary or photographic effect." His long poems "Testimony" and "Holocaust" used court records about racial injustice in the United States and the Nazi murders of Jewish people.




Benjamin Ashworth Ramsbottom

Benjamin Ashworth Ramsbottom (18 April 1929 – 14 January 2023) was a British pastor of the Strict Baptist. He wrote many theological books and other publications. He was chief editor of the magazine "Gospel Standard". 

Ramsbottom died on 14 January 2023, at the age of 93.

Objectivism (poetry)

Objectivism in poetry is about a group of American poets who came together in the 1930s.

Poets in this group "tend to use language more literally than figuratively, presenting concrete objects for themselves rather than as embodiments [forms] of abstract ideas." 

The name itself, "objectivism," was only meant to be a label for these poets who had almost the same understanding of what poetry can do. Poets such as Louis Zukofsky, William Carlos Williams, and Charles Reznikoff had very different ways of writing their own poems, but Zukofsky said they "felt sympathetic towards each other." In 1931, Zukofsky wrote an introduction and printed poems by many of these poets in Poetry magazine. 

Paikpara, North 24 Parganas

Paikpara is a village located in Block 1 of Basirhat in North Twenty Four Parganas district of West Bengal . It is one of the 60 villages in Basirhat 1 Block of North 24 Parganas District. There are 460 houses in the village. Paikpara Village Gram Panchayat as per PIFA 2009 statistics. Paikpara village is governed by the Sarpanch (Village Head) who is the elected representative of the village as per the Constitution of India and the Panchayati Raj Act. 

Paikpara is a village near Basirhat . Paikpara village location code or village code is 323524 as per 2011 census. Paikpara village is located south of Basirhat in North Twenty-four Parganas district of West Bengal, India. Sub-district headquarters of this village is Basirhat which is Located 3 km away and the district headquarter is Barasat. The total geographical area of the village is 54.5 hectares.

The total population of Paikpara is 1,964. Among them, 992 are male and 972 are female. The population of children aged 0-6 in Paikpara village is 231 which is 11 of the total population of the village. 76%. Among them 125 boys and 106 girls. The average sex ratio of Paikpara village is 102. 057. Schedule Caste (SC) among the total population of Paikpara village 5. 86% and Schedule Tribe (ST) 0. 20%. There are 460 families in the village and each family has an average of 4 persons. 

Literacy rate in Paikpara village is 64%. Out of a total population of 1,964, 1,276 are literate. The male literacy rate is 67%, as 671 males out of 992 males are literate. However, the female literacy rate is 62%, as 605 out of a total of 972 women in this village are literate.

Illiteracy rate of Paikpara village is 35%. Out of total 1,964 people here, 688 are illiterate. As the male illiteracy rate is 32%, 321 males out of total 992 are illiterate. The illiteracy rate among women is 37% and 367 women out of total 972 in this village are illiterate.

There are two educational centers in this village which are-

There is an institution in this Paikpara village known as "Paikpara Siddiquia Eatimkhana" for educating orphan students. This institution has made the name of this village brighter. This institution was established in 1984. Around 200 students study together here. Among whom students are often orphans. This Paikpara Orphanage carries everything from their living-eating-education. 

This Paikpara FP School is known as "Paikpara Primary School". It is a government school. Classes I to IV are taught here. The total number of students here is around 211. And it was established in 1954. 

PAIKPARA F P SCHOOL is a Primary school with newly added class v in the year  2020. PAIKPARA F P SCHOOL is a Co-Educational institution. The total number of teachers in PAIKPARA F P SCHOOL is 4. The total number of non teaching staff in PAIKPARA F P SCHOOL is 0. The medium of instruction in PAIKPARA F P SCHOOL is Bengali.

The total number of class rooms in PAIKPARA F P SCHOOL is 5. The total number of other rooms in PAIKPARA F P SCHOOL is 0. The total number of black boards in PAIKPARA F P SCHOOL is 5. The total number of books in the library of PAIKPARA F P SCHOOL is 128. The total number of computers in PAIKPARA F P SCH

Among the total population of Paikpara village, 607 are employed and 1357 are unemployed. 96. 21% of workers describe their work as main work (employing or earning more than a month) and 3. 79% of workers were engaged in marginal livelihood activities for less than a month. Out of 607 workers engaged in primary occupation, 18 were farmers. 

"Basirhat-Nazat" road passes through Paikpara Bazar. This road connects Paikpara with places like Basirhat, Nejat, Malanch, Dhamakhali and Hasnabad. There are bus services from Paikpara to Basirhat, Nazat, Malanch and Dhamakhali. Also for short distances. There are autorickshaw and tote services. The nearest railway station to this village is "bhabla Halt" which is at a distance of 3. 3 km.

Women in Christianity

The role of women in Christianity has varied since its founding. Women have played important roles in Christianity. This is especially in marriage, preaching positions for certain Christian denominations, and parachurch organizations. Many Christians believe that women and men are spiritually equal. But some preferred the patriarchy of the ancient world and said it also affected religion. In 2016, it was estimated that 52-53% of Christians are women (for people 20 and older). Women were mentioned in the Bible, despite the fact that it was interpreted as patriarchal, as it was written by men. The most notable women were Mary, mother of Jesus, Eve, Mary Magdalene, and Mary of Bethany.

IPA Braille

The International Phonetic Alphabet is a way to express how a word is pronounced. IPA Braille is a way to write the International Phonetic Alphabet using Braille letters. That way, people who are blind can also read how a word is pronounced. A first version of IPA in Braille was published in 1934. The IPA was updated several times since then, but IPA Braille was not changed. In 1989, the Braille version of IPA was completely outdated. Between 2008 and 2011 a new version was developed. It still uses many of the letters of the original, but it is also different in some ways. Diacritics are completely different, for example.

Vendeville

Vendeville is a village, in the Nord departement. About 1500 people lived there, in 2020. The village is about from Lille. The village is known for its pilgrimage dedicated to Saint Rita.

To Give Welfare Foundation Dasbien

The To Give Welfare Foundation Dasbien is a Peruvian non-profit foundation. It was registered in the Electronic Record No. 14167810 of the Registry of Legal Entities of Peru - SUNARP, founded in 2000, but legalized in 2018. It is a non-profit legal entity that watches over the care, promotion and sustainability of natural resources. 

It also promotes education, culture and human development through educational activities and programs, training, research, professional updating, organizational relations in Peru. Its headquarters are located in Lima, Peru.

It also promotes native languages such as Quechua, Aymara and Awajun in Latin American countries such as Peru, Bolivia, Ecuador, Argentina and Chile.

Since 2000, the To Give Welfare Foundation has been promoting the development of training and professionalization activities for teachers in the educational system of the Piura Region, Northern Peru; activities such as trainings, congresses, lectures, courses, publications, formation of organizations, among other regional education programs. 

These activities have been sponsored by the municipal and regional government, the Regional Directorate of Education of Piura, Local Educational Management Units, Educational Institutions of the locality, the Social Organizations in the area, the Trade Union Organizations such as SUTEP, by a team of professionals in education and psychology, and by the private sector, especially Derrama Magisterial.

Through its courses, seminars, workshops and conferences, the Foundation has trained close to 460,000 participants in free programs, 100,000 participants with minimal costs.

On the other hand, the Foundation has graduated approximately 5,000 participants in its diploma programs and specialized more than 700.

Currently, the Foundation has developed technical careers on behalf of the Peruvian Ministry of Education, through its Centro de Educación Técnica Productiva T&T CECITEL, to train qualified personnel.

Louis Zukofsky

Louis Zukofsky (January 23, 1904 – May 12, 1978) was an American poet.

His Jewish parents moved to the United States from the part of the Russian Empire that is now Lithuania. His family spoke Yiddish. He was the first member of his family to be born in the United States, on the Lower East Side of New York City.

His first experiences with literature came by reading and going to performances of Shakespeare, Henrik Ibsen, August Strindberg and Leo Tolstoy in the Yiddish language.

At Columbia University he read new and experimental writing by James Joyce, T. S. Eliot, and Ezra Pound. He made a strong connection with Pound by writing letters to him. Pound asked Harriet Monroe to let 27-year-old Zukofsky be the guest editor of the February 1931 edition of Poetry magazine. This edition printed poems by writers that Zukofsky called "Objectivists."

Zukofsky's main work was a long, book-length poem called ""A"" (the title has the quotation marks). He worked on this from 1928 until 1974, four years before his death.




Smartick SL

Smartick or also called Sistemas Virtuales de Aprendizaje, S.L. is a start-up founded in 2009 in Spain that develops educational software, specifically for math and reading up to 14 years old through the Smartick method, initially launched in Spain. It was created by Javier Arroyo and Daniel González de Vega. It is currently present in 180 countries and has 100 employees.

Smartick was born in 2009 as a result of a study on previous teaching methods. It was created by Javier Arroyo and Daniel González de Vega as a teaching system through traditional learning methods. They developed an educational system for the area of mathematics for students up to the age of 14. They started with a loan of 100,000 euros.

In the same year they opened the first Smartick office in Malaga. In 2011 Smartick Mathematics was developed, then in 2016 the English version was published (with two versions for USA and UK). In 2021 Smartick Mathematics was launched in Brazil, adapting the method to Portuguese.

In addition, it creates a Cognitive Training program (PEC), developed together with Maria del Rosario Rueda Cuerva.  It is also a method associated with dyscalculia.

It is currently available in 180 countries. On the other hand, Smartick is a company incorporated in Spain and registered in the Mercantile Registry of Malaga. It has a share capital of $60,000 - $120,000 euros, with a turnover of $6,000,000 - $15,000,000. 

Grazer Herbstmesse-Pokal

The Grazer Herbstmessepokal (Graz Autumn Fair Cup) was the first major competition outside of Vienna and was held on the occasion of the "Graz Autumn Fair" with different participants. 
There were only competitions in the years shown.
Participants

Participants

Participants

Participants

Participants

Participants

Participants

Participants

Participants
Participants

Franz Weselik

Franz Weselik (20 April 1903 – 15 March 1962) was a former Austrian football player and coach. He played as forward mainly for SK Rapid Wien. He also played for the Austrian national football team.
Weselik began his career in 1919 at Blue Star Wien and joined SK Rapid Wien in 1923. In 1927 he celebrated his first major success with the team by winning the Vienna Cup. In 1929 and 1930 he won the Austrian championship title with Rapid and won the Mitropacup. The year 1930 was the most successful for the striker. He scored 24 goals in 20 championship games and was Austria's top scorer.

In 1934 Weselik signed a contract as a player-coach at FC Mulhouse. Franz Weselik was the third-best league goalscorer of the 1934/35 season with 24 goals. The team finished 6th. After two years he went to Jönköping for a season as coach. In 1938 he returned to Austria. He played for SC Red Star Vienna and then ended his active career.

Weselik was member of the NSDAP. He applied for membership in the NSDAP on February 10, 1940 and was admitted on January 1, 1941 (membership number 8,471,374).

He made his debut for Austria on 6 May 1928 against Hungary and scored 3 goals in the away match. He earned 11 caps, scoring 13 goals. His final international was an April 1933 match, also against Hungary.



Luz María Jerez

Luz María Jerez (born July 5, 1958 in San Miguel de Allende, Guanajuato) is a Mexican actress.

Karl Rainer

Karl Rainer (1 July 1901 – 9 June 1987) was an Austrian footballer and coach.He played as defender for First Vienna FC. He also played for the Austrian national football team.
Karl Rainer began his football career at FC Sturm 07. Then he went to the first division club First Vienna FC 1894. Karl Rainer was a regular player for Vienna between 1921 and 1938. He played 882 matches for Vienna .
He played 39 matches for the Austrian national football team between 1924 and 1935.
In the early 1940s, Rainer was the coach of SC Wacker Vienna. In 1942 he played again for Vienna due to a lack of players. After the end of the war he worked as a coach at Wiener AC, Vienna and SC Justiz.
On 16 August 1940, Rainer applied for admission to the NSDAP and was admitted on 1 October (membership number 8,458,973). According to Eva Menasse, in October 1938 he "aryanized" the apartment of her grandparents Richard and Adolphine Menasse at Döblinger Hauptstraße 13.

US5

US5 was one of the most successful international boy bands between 2005 and 2009. US5 sold more than 12 million records (singles, albums, DVD and compilations) worldwide during their career.

The five male band members were put together by American boy band maker Lou Pearlman and marketed internationally in the seven -part RTL-II television series Big in America. The composition - two Americans, two Germans and one Englishman - is aimed directly at the largest music markets. After Big in America was broadcast in May and June 2005, the single "Maria" was released in early July, entering the German singles chart at number two and staying at number one for four weeks.


Victoria Ruffo

Victoria Ruffo (born May 31, 1962) is a Mexican actress.

Karl Gall

Karl Gall (5 October 1905 – 27 February 1943) was an Austrian footballer. He played as midfielder mainly for FK Austria Wien. In eleven matches he also played for the Austria national football team from 1931 to 1936.
Karl Gall came to Wiener Austria from HAC-Nordstern, where he played from 1925 to 1928. In terms of stature, he was inferior to his competitors and teammates, but made up for this with his strong and mature technique. Gall left Austria in 1936 and played professionally in France for FC Mulhouse until the outbreak of the Second World War. After his return he played again for Austria. He played his last game in a derby against SK Rapid in 1942.
He was killed in action on the Eastern Front on 27 February 1943.


Plasmolysis

Plasmolysis is the process in which cells lose water in a hypertonic solution. It is the shrinkage of the cytoplasm and cell surface membrane from the cell wall. If a plant cell is placed in a solution of lower water potential, the molecules of water leave the vacuole by osmosis. The vacuole loses water and becomes smaller. The cell is said to be "plasmolysed".

The term plasmolysis comes from the Latin word "plasma" meaning ‘matrix’ and the Greek word "lysis", meaning ‘loosening’.

Orthogonikleithridae

Orthogonikleithridae is an extinct family of ray-finned fish from the Upper Jurassic. They belong to the order Salmoniformes.

Flax (color)

Flax or flaxen is a yellowish-gray color.

Gamboge

Gamboge is a shade of yellow. It is a partially transparent deep saffron to mustard yellow pigment.

Lemon chiffon

Lemon chiffon is a shade of yellow. It is highly reminiscent of a lemon chiffon cake.

Ecru

Ecru is a shade of brown. It is still defined by some dictionaries as the color of unbleached linen, which it still is in French (hex code FEFEE0), but it is now used for a quite different, much darker color in English.

Rose Nougaret

Rose Nougaret (born 25 April 1902) was a French swimmer from Paris. As a member of Mouettes de Paris she competed in the 1920s and early 1930s.

Nougaret was a member of Dauphins de Cette. She moved in 1923 to Mouettes de Paris where she became a member of the committee in 1924. Later she moved to Cercle des Nageurs de Paris.

Nougaret started with swimming in 1912. Her earliest main competitions were in the early 1920s. She finished in 1920 10th at the , a main open water race in Paris. In 1921 she finished in this race 14th. In 1922 she became champion of Languedoc in the long distance. At the national championships in 1923 in Arras she finished second in the 400 metre freestyle and third in the 100 metre freestyle.

At the beginning of the 1924, was was ill and cound't train for a while. At the end of June 1924 she competed at the trials in Paris. She was selected for 1924 Summer Olympics for the the 4 x 100 metre relay team. But as the reserve swimmer, she didn't competed at the Games. At national championships in 1925 and 1926 she finished third with her team in the relay event.

At an international competition in Brussels in March 1927 she finished fourth in the 100 metre freestyle. On 7 May 1927 she set a new French record in the 50 metre freestyle at the Hébert swimming pool in Paris with a time of 34.8 seconds. On May 14, she tries to beat her French record but she swam the same time. In June 1927 she became champion of Paris in the 100 metre freestyle event and also in the 400 metre freetyle event. The next month, at the Paris Grand Prix, she won the 100m freestyle event. At the national championships in 1927 she finished third in the 100 metre freestyle event. With her teammates, she finished second the relay.

In 1930 she finished with her team second in the 4 x 100 metre freestyle relay. In 1931 she finished third in the 100 metre freestyle event at the national championships. She was selected to compete at the 1931 European Aquatics Championships in Paris. She competed in the 4 x 100 metre freestyle relay event and finished with the team fourth in the final. Her last achievement was in August 1932, winning with her team the 4 x 100 metre relay event.

Nougaret was born on 25 April 1902. She had brothers. She lived in the southern of France in Narbonne or Sète. In 1918 she moved to Paris and lived in the 4th arrondissement of Paris. She married to M. Billeter in 1931. In January 1933 she was in Barcelona with Yvonne Godard and Suzanne Delbort. While going to the theater in a taxi, they had a traffic accident. She was not injured.

Vera Neave

Vera Neave (born 1893) was a British swimmer in the early 20th century. She was multiple times world record holders.

Neave was a member of the Jersey Swimming Club trained by David Billington. Later she was a memver of the Enfield Ladies Club in London, where she was trained by her father.

On 5 August 1911 she won the first women's edition of the open water race in London. Of the 18 participants, 12 finished the course. Neave swam the 15 miles in a time of 4 hours 9:39.6 minutes.

On 18 August 1912 she broke the 1 mile world record. with a time of 31: 41.8. The next year she broke the 2 miles world record with a time of 1 hour 1:15.4 minutes in a swimming pool in Liverpool. In 1915 she finished at the fifth of the twenty participants. In 1918 she holds two more world records. She is the 440 yards record holder with a time of 6:57.8 and the 550 yards world record holder with a time of 7:52. In August 1921 she beated again the 1 mile world record, now with a time of 21:41.8.

Piet van Heusden

Piet van Heusden (11 July 1929 – 15 January 2023) was a Dutch track cyclist. He became world champion and four times national champion in the individual pursuit. He was described in the media as "an Amsterdam phenomenon".

Van Heusden started cycling when he was 18 years old. He became for the first time Dutch national champion in 1952 in the individual pursuit at the Olympic Stadium in Amsterdam. With this achievement he qualified for the 1952 UCI Track Cycling World Championships in Paris. Here he became World Champion in the amateur individual pursuit ahead of the Italians Mino De Rossi and Loris Campana. Van Heusen became again Dutch national champion in 1953, 1954 and 1955. Because he was so fast, he was described in the media as "an Amsterdam phenomenon".

After his cycling career, he has remained active in the cycling sport. He was a team leader and organizer of competitions. For 36 years he was in the organization of Olympia's Tour, the oldest cycling race in the Netherlands.

Van Heusden was still cycling reacreational at the age of 93 in the summer of 2022. He died in January 2023, at the age of 93.

Euston shooting

On 14 January 2023, a drive-by mass shooting was committed in Euston Road, Central London, England. The attacker used a shotgun outside of St Aloysius Roman Catholic church, as a memorial service was ending. Six people were injured, four women (aged 21, 41, 48 and 54) and two girls (aged 7 and 12).

The memorial service was for Fresia Calderon and her daughter Sara Sanchez who died separately from natural causes in November 2022.

No-one was killed, but the 7-year-old girl has been reported to have had a life-threatening injury from the event. On 15 January, shortly before 4pm, the Metropolitan Police arrested a 22-year-old man in Barnet on suspicion of attempted murder. 

On 15 March, two men were charged in connection with the shooting.

Opposition leader Sir Keir Starmer (the MP for the area) called for tighter restrictions on who can own pump-action shotguns.

Jan Krol

Jan Krol (21 August 1962 – 15 January 2023) was a Dutch television actor.

Krol became known for his role as the young Bartje in the series of the same name that was broadcast by NCRV from December 1972. Krol played in the first five of the seven episodes.

After secondary school, Krol did a youth welfare studie in Leeuwarden. After his education, he started working in an epilepsy control center and then left for Germany to study. Krol became a teacher in Weimar, where he set up the school circus "Waldorfschule". He came back to the Netherlands to follow a clown course in Amsterdam. Krol became involved with the Anders Beleven Foundation (now called: Het Beter Gezelschap), which provides 'sensory stimulation' for healthcare workers, and with the international theater company Sign Dance Collective, which was founded in 2001. Krol worked in healthcare and was active as a freelance actor and clown.

Krol died after a short illness on 15 January 2023, at the age of 60.

Polo G

Taurus Tremani Bartlett (born January 6, 1999), known by his professional name Polo G, is an American rapper. He became famous with his singles "Finer Things" and "Pop Out" (featuring Lil Tjay). His first album "Die a Legend" (2019) went to number six on the "Billboard" 200. It was certified platinum by the RIAA.

Bartlett's second studio album "The Goat" (2020) went to number two on the "Billboard" 200. It charted ten singles on the "Billboard" Hot 100. 

His third studio album "Hall of Fame" (2021) became Bartlett's first chart topping album. It included his first number-one single "Rapstar".


Yvonne Norry

Yvonne Norry (born 1893) was a French competitive diver and swimmer from Paris. She was a member and of Ondine de Paris. She won an international diving competition in 1909 and medalled at the French swimming championships.

In 1907 she took part in the "Première Brasse" competition, a swimming competition for children. She won the 50 metre race. Due to this achievement she was selected for the "Entente Cordiale", one of the earliest French international swimming competitions. On October she moved with 4 other girls and 5 other boys to London to compete in the "Entente Cordiale" against British swimmers. The French men and women won. In 1908 she competed a multiple swimming competitions: in Choisy-le-Roi, in Joinville-le-Pont, at the Paris women's championships and at a swimming festival in Lyon. In 1909 she won an international diving competition in London. She finished third at a swimming competition at the Gare-swimming pool in April 1908. On 11 July 1908 she finished third at the French national championships in the 100 metre event with a time of 2:24.

Mortier was born in 1893. She married in 1911 to swimmer René André. He was also a soldier in Longwy during World War I.

Cornufer montanus

The mountain sticky-toed frog ("Cornufer montanus") is a frog. It lives on Bouganville Island in the part of the Solomon Islands that is in Papua New Guinea. People have seen it between 900 and 1250 meters above sea level.

Gertrude Stein

Gertrude Stein (February 3, 1874 – July 27, 1946) was an American novelist, poet, playwright, and art collector.

Stein was born in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania and raised in Oakland, California. She moved to Paris in 1903 and lived in France for the rest of her life.

From 1893 to 1897 she went to Radcliffe College, a women's school connected to Harvard University. She was a student of psychologist William James. He asked her to study medicine. She entered Johns Hopkins School of Medicine in 1897, but she failed some classes and left the school. Soon she went to Europe with her brother Leo. She lived with him in the Montparnasse district at 27, rue de Fleurus. In 1905 they bought paintings by Matisse and Picasso. They began a salon every Saturday evening to show the new art to others.

She started writing seriously in Paris. She wrote "The Making of Americans" from 1906 to 1911. It was the long story of an American family. By 1909 she wrote "Three Lives", stories about three women. In 1912 she wrote "Tender Buttons", a group of prose poems about ordinary things. In this book Stein uses the English language in a way that reminds some people of what Picasso and others were doing with their cubist painting.

Stein met and fell in love with Alice B. Toklas in 1907. When brother Leo moved from Rue de Fleurus in 1910, Stein and Toklas began living together. They were companions for life. During World War I, from 1916, they drove around southern France bringing supplies to hospitals. 
After the war Stein kept writing. She got to know many other writers and artists who had come to Paris. She knew many American writers, such as Ernest Hemingway, F. Scott Fitzgerald, Sinclair Lewis, Ezra Pound, Thornton Wilder, Paul Bowles, and Sherwood Anderson.

In 1933 she published "The Autobiography of Alice B. Toklas". It was easier to read than most of her other books. It became very popular and she became famous. In 1934 and 1935, she visited America with Toklas and gave lectures.

During World War II, Stein and Toklas stayed in the south of France under the Vichy government. "Even though they were Jewish, lesbian, American, and collectors of modern art," they were not bothered by the Nazi-supported government.

Stein died of stomach cancer in 1946.



Walter Mirisch

Walter Mortimer Mirisch (November 8, 1921 – February 24, 2023) is an American movie producer. He is president and executive head of production of The Mirisch Corporation. His brother Marvin and half-brother Harold were also producers. He won the Academy Award for Best Picture as producer of "In the Heat of the Night" (1967).
Mirisch was married to Patricia Kahan (1924–2005); they had three children, Anne Mirisch Sonnenberg, Andrew Mirisch, and Lawrence Mirisch. His son, Lawrence, is the founder of the Mirisch Agency.

Mirisch turned 100 on November 8, 2021, and died of natural causes in Los Angeles on February 24, 2023, at the age of 101.


Mike Nussbaum

Myron G. Nussbaum (December 29, 1923 – December 23, 2023) was an American actor and director. He was known for his roles in "Field of Dreams", "House of Games", "Things Change", "Fatal Attraction" and "Men In Black". He was born in Chicago, Illinois.

Nussbaum continued to act through his 90s, and he was still working on theatre projects up until his death in 2023. The "Chicago Sun-Times" called Nussbaum the "oldest working actor" in the United States.

Nussbaum died on December 23, 2023 at his home in Chicago, six days before his 100th birthday.

Tom Troupe

Thomas Troupe (born July 15, 1928) is an American actor and writer. His Broadway career began in 1957 with the play "The Diary of Anne Frank". He also appeared in "The Lion in Winter", "The Gin Game", and "Father's Day". 

Troupe was married to actress Carole Cook from 1964 until her death in 2023. 

Diamond and Silk

Ineitha Lynnette Hardaway and Herneitha Rochelle Hardaway Richardson, known as Diamond and Silk were American far-right conservative political commentators and vloggers. They are known for their support of former President Donald Trump. Both were commentators for the conservative news channel Newsmax. 

They became popular during the 2016 presidential campaign of Trump and again in April 2018 when Facebook said that their posts were "unsafe to the community". In April 2020, the two were fired from Fox News for questioning COVID-19 data.

On January 8, 2023, Diamond died at her home in North Carolina at the age of 51. She died of heart disease.

Alexander II

Alexander II may refer to:

Anselm of Canterbury

Anselm of Canterbury (1033—1109) was a former Archbishop of Canterbury who argued with William II over the authority of the Pope over English King. For this, he was exiled from England twice, but regained his position under Henry I.

Anselm

Anselm or Anselme may refer to:






SpongeBob SquarePants (season 7)

The seventh season of the American animated television series SpongeBob SquarePants was created by marine biologist and animator Stephen Hillenburg. The season was first broadcast on Nickelodeon in the United States from July 19, 2009, to June 11, 2011. It had 26 half-hour episodes and a miniseries named Legends of Bikini Bottom. The series is about the adventures of the title character and his friends in the fictional underwater city of Bikini Bottom.

<onlyinclude>

Old World blackbirds

The common name "blackbird" is used for at least two different groups of birds. This page deals with the Old World group, which are the genus Turdus, also known as thrushes. "Turdus" is the Latin name for thrush.

The type species is the mistle thrush ("Turdus viscivorus").

The group Passerida is a fairly large group of Old World birds. They include the genus "Turdus" in the family Turdidae.

The blackbird ("Turdus merula", or common blackbird) is a thrush. It is a member of the passerine songbird family Turdidae. There are at least seven species in the Old World, all of which have different common names.

It has a huge range across Europe, Asia, and North Africa, and has been introduced to Australia and New Zealand. It has a number of subspecies across its range. Depending on latitude, the common blackbird may be resident, partially migratory or fully migratory.

The adult male is black, with a yellow/orange bill (beak). Juveniles and females are brown, and less easy to see. Blackbirds are easy to find in gardens all over Europe and in Asia, South of the Arctic Circle. On average, blackbirds live to be 2.4 years old, but some have been found to be 20 years old.

It is a terrific singer, and will breed whenever the weather is right.

The male common blackbird defends its breeding territory, chasing away other males or using a "bow and run" threat display. This is a short run, the head first being raised and then bowed with the tail dipped simultaneously. If a fight between male blackbirds does occur, it is usually short and the intruder is soon chased away.

The female blackbird is also aggressive in the spring when it competes with other females for a good nesting territory, and although fights are less frequent, they tend to be more violent.

The male attracts the female with a courtship display: oblique runs and head-bowing movements, an open beak, and a "strangled" low song. The female stays still until she raises her head and tail to allow sex. This species is monogamous, and the established pair usually stay together as long as they both survive. Pair separation rates of up to 20% have been noted following poor breeding. Although socially monogamous, there have been studies showing as much as 17% extra pair paternity.

As long as winter food is available, both the male and female will stay in the territory throughout the year, although occupying different areas. Migrants are more social, travelling in small flocks and feeding in loose groups in the wintering grounds. The flight of migrating birds is bursts of rapid wing beats interspersed with level or diving movement, and differs from both the normal fast agile flight of this species and the more dipping action of larger thrushes.

Member of parliament

A member of parliament (MP) is the representative in parliament of the people who live in their electoral district. The congressman/congresswoman or deputy are terms that mean the same thing used in other places or systems. Members of parliament usually make parliamentary groups (sometimes called caucuses) with members of the same political party. In most states, the prime minister and the government ministers who make up the cabinet, are often members of parliament.

Thomas Arnold

Thomas Arnold (13 June 1795 – 12 June 1842) was an English educator and historian. He was an early supporter of the Anglican movement. As headmaster of Rugby School from 1828 to 1841, he introduced several reforms that were widely copied by other noted public schools, and is seen as the creator of the English public school system.

Augustine of Canterbury

Augustine of Canterbury (early 6th century – probably 26 May 604) was a monk who became the first Archbishop of Canterbury in the year 597. He is considered a founder of the English Church.

Women in Red

Women in Red is a WikiProject. It works against the gender bias in Wikipedia.
The project makes articles about women's biographies, women's works, and women's issues.

The project is named after the red hyperlinks in Wikipedia articles. Red links show that the linked article has not been written yet. 

Roger Bamkin thought of Women in Red in 2015. Rosie Stephenson-Goodknight joined soon after. Bamkin first called the project, "Project XX." They changed to "WikiProject Women in Red".




Gender bias on Wikipedia

Gender bias on Wikipedia means that Wikipedia editors are mostly men. Fewer biographies on Wikipedia are about women. There are fewer articles for or about things that are important to women. Those articles are not as good.


Mount Edziza Provincial Park

Mount Edziza Provincial Park is a provincial park in Cassiar Land District of northern British Columbia, Canada. It was established on 27 July 1972. The park was created to protect the Mount Edziza volcanic complex and the surrounding Tahltan Highland.


Amatex

Amatex is a military explosive. It consists of 51% ammonium nitrate, 40% TNT, and 9% RDX.

Étienne-Gabriel Morelly

Morelly was an eighteenth century French writer. He was an influence on the early Communist movement.

Panwar

Panwar is a Rajput clan found in Northern India, especially in Uttarakhand

Albert Megens

Albert Megens (23 August 1939 – 15 January 2023) was a Dutch poet.

Megens was born in the Boxtel municipality between Boxtel and Esch. His mother died young at the age of 45 when Megens was sixteen years old. His wrote poetry between 1962 and 2022. The main theme in his poems was the earth and the sky and numerous connections between them. In his poetry, his father stood for the earth and his mother represented life after death. Megens published his last collection of poems on his eightieth birthday on 23 August 2019. The collection named "Tachtig bij tachtig" (translated: eighty at eighty) included eighty poems selected from his oeuvre since 1962.

Megens worked as a teachter at voorbereidend middelbaar beroepsonderwijs. He was married for over fifty years to Trees. They had three daughters and six grandchilderen. They lived in Kaatsheuvel. After an illness his wife died at the end of 2022. Megens died from an aneurysm on 15 January 2023, at the age of 83.

Pauri Garhwal district

Pauri Garhwal is a district in the Indian state of Uttarakhand. Its headquarters is in the town of Pauri.

The climate of Pauri Garhwal is warm in summer and cold in winter. In the rainy season the climate is cool and the landscape green. However, in Kotdwar and the adjoining Bhabar area, it is quite hot, reaching well above 40 °C (104 °F) during the summer. In the winter, many parts of Pauri receive snowfall.

Pauri, Kotdwar, Lansdowne and Srinagar are major centres of education in the district. Govind Ballabh Pant Engineering College is at Ghurdauri. Hemwati Nandan Bahuguna Garhwal University, Veer Chandra Singh Garhwali Government Medical College, and National Institute of Technology Uttarakhand are in Srinagar.

Almora district

Almora is a district in the Kumaon Division of Uttarakhand state, India. The headquarters is at Almora. It is 1,638 meters above sea level. The neighbouring regions are Pithoragarh district to the east, Chamoli district to the west, Bageshwar district to the north and Nainital district to the south.
Ninad Rathva

Ninad Rathva (born 10 March 1999) is an Indian cricketer. He made his first-class debut for Baroda cricket team in the 2017–18 Ranji Trophy on 17 November 2017, where he scored a century in the first innings. He made his Twenty20 debut for Baroda in the 2017–18 Syed Mushtaq Ali Trophy on 21 January 2018. He made his List A debut for Baroda in the 2017–18 Vijay Hazare Trophy on 14 February 2018.

Bageshwar district

Bageshwar is a district of Uttarakhand state in northern India. The town of Bageshwar is the district headquarters. Prior to its establishment as a district in 1997 it was part of Almora district.

As of 2011 it is the third least populous district of Uttarakhand (out of 13), after Rudraprayag and Champawat.

Chamoli district

Chamoli district is a district of the Uttarakhand state of India.It is bounded by the Tibet region to the north, and by the Uttarakhand districts of Pithoragarh and Bageshwar to the east, Almora to the south, Pauri Garhwal to the southwest, Rudraprayag to the west, and Uttarkashi to the northwest. The administrative headquarters of Chamoli district is in Gopeshwar.

Germaine Coquillard

Germaine Coquillard (22 April 1894 - 22 January 1994) was a French swimmer. She won prizes in the 1900s, in the earliest women's French swimming history.

Coquillard was born in 1894 in Joinville-le-Pont. She was trained by Loustalot. In 1906 on 15 August she took part in the first ever women's swimming competition in France "le prix Femina" during the world championships in Joinville-le-Pont. It was a 120 metre handicap-style race in the Marne. Coquillard finished second behind Alice Sadoux. In 1907 she competed at the international Ondines swimming festival in Joinville-le-Pont. Coquillard won the international 60 metre handicap-style race ahead of Gaston Tardiff and Georgette Jeanniot. She finished third at the national championship 100 metre race.

Coquillard died in Joinville-le-Pont on 22 January 1994, at the age of 99.

Third jersey

A third jersey (or altenative jersey, third kit or alternative uniform) is a jersey or uniform that a sports team can wear instead of its home or away outfits during games. This is often because the colors of two competing teams' other uniforms are too similar to tell the difference easily. In reality, there is never a need for a third jersey in a two-team game. One team can wear its home or normal colours, and the other team can wear its away or substitute colours. Basically, the latter teams' colours cannot clash with the former's. This leaves the possibility that each team's away jersey is so similar, that by accident' the home team may be confused to see the away team in colours that they occasionally play in. But that is a risk for the away team seeing the home team in colours that are not unlike the colours the away team normally wears.

Cornufer gigas

The Bougainville sticky-toed frog ("Cornufer gigas") is a frog. People have seen it in exactly one place on Bouganville Island in the part of the Solomon Islands that is in Papua New Guinea. They saw it 1300 meters above sea level.

Grapefruit juice

Grapefruit juice is the juice from grapefruits. Its taste ranges from sweet-tart to very sour. It has a lot of vitamin C.

Grapefruit juice is a popular breakfast drink in the United States.

No Church in the Wild

No Church in the Wild is a hip hop song by American rappers Kanye West and Jay-Z. The song features American singers Frank Ocean and The-Dream. It is from their collaborative studio album, Watch the Throne. It was released on March 20, 2012. The song's lyrics talk about themes of religion and decadence. The track received very positive reviews from music critics. It is because they praised Ocean's vocal hooks, the depth of the verses, and the cinematic production and the song's power as an opening track.

Commercially, the song peaked at number 72 at the Billboard Hot 100. It also peaked at the top 40 of the US Billboard Hot Rap Songs and Hot R&B/Hip Hop songs. Jay-Z and Kanye West both performed this song at the Watch the Throne Tour. Also, Frank Ocean performed his portion of the song on several occasions during his November 2011 tour. The song has been used in various media. The most notable ones are for the 2013 film The Great Gatsby and for the 2012 film Safe House.

Nils Århammar

Nils Rudolf Århammar (7 August 1931 – 10 January 2022) was a Swedish linguist.

Århammar studied German language in Uppsala, Münster, Cologne and Marburg. In the early 1960s, he was a research assistant at the North Frisian Dictionary Unit at the Kiel University, he did research on the use of the North Frisian dialects Föhr North Frisian and Amrum North Frisian on the islands of Föhr and Amrum. Afterwards started working at the University of Marburg, where he became a lecturer in Swedish language in 1966. He continued his Frisian research at the same time.

In 1968, Århammar was commissioned by the Akademie der Wissenschaften und der Literatur to continue the scientific , which was later withdrawn. In 1974 he was became lecturer in Germanic philology with particular responsibility for Frisian languages and Low German. In 1976 he became professor in Frisian languates and Gothic language at the University of Groningen in the Netherlands.

In 1988, he became the first (and only) professor of Frisian and Frisian didactics at the University of Flensburg. At the same time, the position of director at the Nordfriisk Instituut in Bredstedt, was linked with the professorship in Flensburg.

After his retirement in 1996, he and his wife Ritva Århammar worked on the still unfinished .

Århammar died in Bredstedt on 10 January 2022, at the age of 90.

Ismaël Lotz

Daniël Naoki Raoël Ché Ismaël Lotz (23 October 1975 – 12 January 2022) was a Dutch movie director.

Lotz worked on several award-winning films, including "Emily or Oscar" (2021), "I am Famous" (short documentary, 2017), "Who Is Alice" (2017) and "Fokking Short" (short film, 2015). With his solo project "Are You Now" (2014-2021), he portrayed over 270 people by asking them to stand still for three minutes in front of his camera. The project was exhibited in 2021 in Wall House II, part of the Groninger Museum.

Lotz was diagnosed with lung cancer in 2018. He reported his life with cancer in the "Lotz Leeft" series on RTV Noord. Since 2018, together with Piet van Dijken, he has made the online series "Lotz en Van Dijken". He also made a podcast named "Over Leven", in which he spoke to several guests about "more than just living with lung cancer." Lotz died in Groningen on 12 January 2022, at the age of 46.

Edith Meijering

Edith Meijering (10 September 1962 – 13 January 2022) was a Dutch painter.

Meijering had a studio in Zutphen. Her works were exhibited at the Wall Gallery in Rotterdam, and internationally in exhibitions in New York City and Oakland. She was also part of the exposition "Zutphense Uitblinkers" at the Stedelijk Museum. Works of Meijering are in the collection of Flehite, including her paintings "Le Tigre." and "De klok".

Meijering died in Zutphen from an illness on 13 January 2022, at the age of 59. She received after her death the "Vriendenprijs", an bi-annual prize of Musea Zutphen.

Bryan Stevenson

Bryan Stevenson (born November 14, 1959) is an American lawyer, social justice activist, law professor at New York University School of Law, and the founder and executive director of the Equal Justice Initiative.

Stevenson was born to African American parents in Milton, Delaware in 1959. The U. S. Supreme Court had ended official school segregation policies in 1954, but the first schools Stevenson attended were still racially segregated. When that ended, he was in the first group of students in his state to attend racially integrated schools.

He graduated from Harvard University in 1985 with a double degree in law and public policy. He worked as an intern at the Southern Center for Human Rights in Atlanta. That work showed him that the American legal system worked one way if you had money and another way if you were poor. He found that, for similar crimes, more poor people (who were usually African American) received the death penalty than other people did.

He started the Equal Justice Initiative in 1989. This organization had good lawyers help poor people who were in prison on death row in Alabama. Receiving a MacArthur Foundation Fellowship in 1995 helped him to build the EJI.

In 2014 Stevenson's book "" was read by many people. More people learned about his work for fairness in the legal system. The book became a movie in 2019.


Tim Alexander

Timothy Alexander (born April 10, 1965) is an American drummer. He is also known as Herb Alexander. He is best known for playing the drums for Primus. Primus is an American rock band.

Alexander played the drums on many of Primus' albums. He played the drums on albums such as "Frizzle Fry" (1990), "Sailing the Seas of Cheese" (1991), "Pork Soda" (1993) and "Tales from the Punchbowl" (1995). He left the band in 1996, and then joined it again in 2003. He then left the band in 2010. He joined again in 2013. As of 2022, he is still in the band.

Alexander has played the drums for other music groups. He has played the drums for A Perfect Circle and Puscifer. These are bands made by Maynard James Keenan. Alexander has also been in the Blue Man Group.

Radiosonde

A radiosonde is a small instrument package that is carried by a balloon. It is carried into the atmosphere. A radiosonde measures pressure, temperature, and relative humidity.

Guan Zongxiang

Guan Zongxiang (28 November 1922 – 13 January 2023) also known as Uncle Guan was a Chinese movie actor. He played in movies of the . He is known from among others the movies "Luo tuo Xiang Zi" (1982), "Bao shi jie zhi" (1985) and "Ru lai ba gua gun" (1985). He won the Golden Phoenix Awards in 2005.

Guan married to actress . Their son was film director Guan Hu. His daughter-in-law was actress Liang Jing.

Guan died on 13 January 2022.

Mark Schweiker

Mark Stephen Schweiker (born January 31, 1953) is an American businessman and politician. He was the 44th governor of Pennsylvania from October 5, 2001 to January 21, 2003. Schweiker is a Republican.

Mike Stack

Michael Joseph Stack III (born June 5, 1963) is an American attorney and former politician. He was the 33rd lieutenant governor of Pennsylvania from 2015 to 2019. He is a member of the Democratic Party. He was a member of the Pennsylvania State Senate for the 5th district from 2001 to 2015.

Women in Trucking

Women in Trucking (WIT) is a non-profit organization and foundation that tries to increase the number of women driving cargo trucks. Trucking is when goods are moved from one place to another on a truck. WIT was founded in 2007 by Ellen Voie. WIT focuses on getting women jobs in trucking, helping them fix work problems, and to celebrate all truckers. WIT was recognized by the White House in 2012 and 2013. 

WIT was founded in 2007 by Ellen Voie. It focuses on many problems women have if they work in trucking. WIT works on endingharassment of women drivers and making work safer. It works on good lighting at places truck drivers stop to rest. WIT fights for uniforms and truck design that are comfortable for women. WIT publishes research on why it is hard to be a woman trucker.

WIT became a Gold-Level partner with Frito Lay in 2010. WIT was recognized by the White House in 2012 and 2013. WIT also got a Girl Scout Patch in 2014. WIT holds different events to improve the number of women driving trucks on the road. WIT hosted its first conference called “Accelerate,” in 2015. WIT has held that event ever since 2015.

WIT has continued trying to improve the number of women driving trucks on the road. WIT gives awards like the "Distinguished Woman in Logistics Award," the "Driver of the Year" award, and the "Top Workplace for Women in Transportation" award. They hold many different events. WIT holds the “Accelerate” conference, which has many different speakers come and speak about trucking. WIT has different programs like the Driver Ambassador program, which helps give women a say and lets them share their adventures. WIT also has a career center where women can find jobs in trucking. WIT also finds mentors for people who would like one or need one. They publish "Redefining the Road" magazine.

They publish the WIT Index every year to help understand the number of women working in trucking and if they are treated fairly. In 2022, the WIT Index says that 13.7% of truck drivers are women. More women are leaders in trucking companies. The most women work in human resources jobs for trucking companies. Transportation Secretary Pete Buttigieg says the United States needs more women truck drivers.

In March, 2023, Jennifer Hedrick will be the new leader of WIT. 

Ellen Voie is the founder and president of Women in Trucking. She founded women in trucking to get more women into trucking. She helped found Truckers Pride Day. Before starting Women in Trucking, she was the traffic manager for a place that made steel. Voie has written two books. One book is about marriage and family problems and the other is about what could happen in truck driving training. She was the first person added to the Howes Hall of Fame. Voie was also recognized by the White House in 2012 as a "Transportation Innovator Champion of Change" and invited back in 2013 to celebrate the anniversary of the Equal Pay Act.

Voie grew up knowing that there were no jobs just for girls. She took a shop class. She learned how to make things with wood, welding, and shop work even though those were things for boys.  Her mom died in 1979. She got a diploma in Traffic and Transportation Management from the "LaSelle Extension University". 

Voie was hired at a steel making plant in 1978 in the drafting department. In 1979 she was transferred to the traffic department. She would bring the items needed to make steel to the plants and was in charge of hiring, firing, and managing the truck drivers. 

Voie owned a fleet of trucks. She was also a traffic consultant for many years.

Then she worked for Schneider Inc. Voie recruited people who were not usually truck drivers to become drivers. She tried to get women and non-white people to be truck drivers.

In 2000, Voie became the executive director of Trucker Buddy International Inc. She helped truckers and students write letters to each other and learn more about each other's lives. 

Voie founded Women in Trucking when she was completing her pilot's license. She was in a group of female pilots and noticed there wasn’t a group like that for truckers. 

WIT has a plush doll named Clare. They also have a “Mall” where you can buy different things from their website. They have an “I Heart Trucking” photo contest.

Masuma Mohammadi

Masuma Mohammadi is an Afghan journalist, research scholar, and women’s rights activist. She founded the Equality Social and Cultural Organization, which supports female journalists. In Afghanistan, she was a radio reporter for the United Nations News and “Hello Countrymen, Countrywomen” an Afghan radio program. She was the owner and chief editor of the Equality News Agency, which trained over 200 female journalists. Mohammadi is now working with the San Jose State University and is part of their Visiting Afghan Scholar program. She worked on research about the persecution of the Hazara people. She wants to do research on the rights Afghan women and girls have under the Taliban.

Mohammadi was born and raised in Afghanistan. She worked as a radio reporter for the United Nations News. She was on a popular Afghan radio program called “Hello Countrymen, Countrywomen”. She founded the Equality Social and Cultural Organization (ESCO) in 2011. In 2020, she created the Equality News Agency to publish articles about women’s issues. This made her a target for the Taliban. On August 15th, 2021, the Taliban took control of Kabul, Afghanistan. When notified of the Taliban's arrival, Mohammadi had to destroy the documents of her coworkers and flee to the United States with her 2 children.

In the US, Mohammadi has partnered with the San Jose State University (SJSU) and their Visiting Afghan Scholar program. She researched the injustices being directed towards the Hazara people and would like to research women's rights in Afghanistan. She has continued to advocate for the women in Afghanistan from the United States, and says “Please don’t forget the people of Afghanistan, especially Afghan women and girls, support them to access their rights. Your support and providing such opportunities has not only brought a positive change in the lives of people like me, but has also saved our lives.”

Pilar Agoyo

Pilar Agoyo is a native fashion designer. She works on costumes for movies and television shows. She has done work for The Avengers and Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull. Her design also appeared in an exhibit called "Art of Indigenous Fashion" at the "The Museum of Contemporary Native Arts". The book "Native fashion now : North American Indian style" calls Agoyo a "Provocateur," meaning she has new ideas people do not expect and that make them have strong feelings.

She is from Ohkay Owingeh Pueblo near Santa Fe, New Mexico. Agoyo originally wanted to be a painter. She went to the Institute of American Indian Arts. She took a class and realized she loved sewing and textiles. She loved it.

Agoyo has done a lot of work for Hollywood television and movies. She is also well known among indigenous designers in the United States.

In 2002, Agoyo opened a boutique in Santa Fe with Virgil Ortiz and Cody Sanderson. Sanderson was her husband.
Agoyo works with materials such as vinyl. May of her designs are inspired by traditional pottery designs from her pueblo. Agoyo has worked on lots of fashion shows. She also has museum exhibits, like the Art of Indigenous Fashion" at the "The Museum of Contemporary Native Arts".

She has won awards for her designs, including the "Masked Heroes" contest from First American Art Magazine and at the Heard Indian Market 2011 by the Southwestern Association for American Indian Arts. The Poeh Pueblo Cultural Center also commissioned Agoyo to design masks that would appeal to others from her pueblo. Her work has been recognized by the "Traditional Fine Arts Organization."

Agoyo's first work for television was "Into the West" in 2005. She has worked on 37 movies and shows. Sometimes the fashions she makes for movies helps her think of a new fashion to create.

Naoko Wowsugi

Naoco Wowsugi (Sang Ja Chun) is a Korean-Japanese artist who lives in Washington D.C., United States. Wowsugi won an award from the Smithsonian Museum, the National Portrait Gallery’s 2016 Outwin Boochever Portrait Competition. Much of her art is made by many people working together. She is a professor at American University. In 2023, Wowsugi changed the spelling of her first name from "Naoko" to "Naoco" to endorse U.S. representative Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez. 

Wowsugi was born and raised in Japan. She is of South Korean descent. Her Korean name is Sang Ja Chun. When she was small, she dealt with social alienation, caused by being mixed-race Korean and Japanese.  Wowsugi studied in the Osaka University of Arts while she was in Japan. She later moved to the United States. She graduated from the Kansas Art Institute. She graduated with a BFA from both schools. “As an artist, I emigrated from another country to America,” says Wowsugi. “Art making always connects people and I learn about the community." She then started expressing "contemporary social community" through art at Rockville, a city near Washington DC. Wowsugi got her Master of Fine Arts from Virginia Commonwealth University.

Wowsugi brings people together with collective hands on art projects that give back to their community. 

Wowsugi moved to Minneapolis, MN, USA. She began doing haircuts as performance art. She used the cut hair in her "A Hairy Tale" exjhibit.

She started creating community projects In 2019 in Charleston, she started a Community project called the "Fungus among us". Inspired by the mycelium network, more than 200 community members, toddlers to elders, collaborated together to create a mushroom parade in the neighborhood. The goal of this project was to show how fungi/mushrooms are so closely connected, similar to a strong community. Apart from this, her second project was called MICROCOSMOS. It was a planetarium about mushrooms. It was open for 10 days, and more than 2,000 people attended.  Wowsugi is giving her community what she didn’t have as a child. Her goal is to make sure no one feels left out, no matter their age, gender or race.

She was a professor at Virginia Commonwealth University. She now teaches at American University.

Wowsugi won theThe Outwin portrait award in 2016. Her work, "Thank Your for Teaching Me English," is many portraits of people who taught her a word in English. She painted their picture and recorded them saying the word. 2016": American Portraiture Today ("Smithsonian National Portrait Gallery)

Wowsugi was an Artist-in-Residence at the Robert Rauschenberg Foundation in 2017.

Danni Washington

Daniell Washington is an American marine biologist, science communicator, television host, and activist for ocean conservation. Washington was the first African American woman to host a television series about science. She founded the nonprofit organization Big Blue and You. Washington is seen on STEM-related shows like "Mission Unstoppable, Science the $#*! Out of It, and Xploration Nature Knows Best." She is featured in NOVA's “Ocean Invaders.”

Washington grew up in Miami, Florida. Her family is from Jamaica. She loved the ocean since she was six years old. She graduated from the University of Miami Rosenstiel School of Marine & Atmospheric Science in 2008. She was the only woman of color in her academic department at college. 

When she was twenty-one she co-founded the nonprofit organization Big Blue and You with her mother. Big Blue and You is a group that inspires young people to care about ocean conservation. Washington help children learn about the ocean by helping them make art from recycled materials. Washington started the organization after she won the "Follow Your Heart Tour" award. She won US $10,000. She used the prize money to start the Art Sea Festival. The Art Sea Festival allows children to talk to scientists and artists who care about the ocean.

She also used the prize money to make the first episode of a television show for children about science. In 2016 Washington became the host of her own show on the Fox station “Xploration Station” where she talks about how scientists are taking inspiration from nature. The show lasted two seasons.

Washington co-hosted the series "Science the $#*! Out of It" with comedian Krystyna Hutchinson on Facebook Watch. In the series, they answered questions from the internet.

Washington wants women, non-binary people, and people of color to get excited about science. She wants them to understand they can be scientists. That is why she is on many television shows. She also started the podcast 21st Century Mermaids. That podcast features women and non-binary ocean conservationists. 

Washington won the "Follow Your Heart Tour" prize from ROXY. She also won a "TogetherGreen" fellowship from the National Audobon Society and Toyota. Washington used the TogetherGreen Fellowship to teach 15 students filmmaking. They will make public service announcements about conserving water. Washington was also named one of TheGrio's 100 in 2012.

Brían Nguyen

Brían Nguyen (born on July 16, 2003) was the first transgender woman to win a local Miss America beauty contest. She won the Miss Greater Derry event on Sunday, November 6, 2022. Being transgender means she is a person who was born a man but identifies as a woman. After she won, she also started the #QueensAreEverywhere movement. She helps young women feel more confident and strong.

Nguyen went to Nashua Community College and took a business class. 

Before starting the #Queens Forever Movement, the 19-year-old Nguyen won the "2023 Miss Greater Derry beauty pageant." She was the first ever local trans woman to do that. After she won, she got the title of “"Miss Greater Derry 2023",” a crown, and money to pay for school. 

Catherine Edeh

Catherine Edeh is Nigeria's first deaf female lawyer. She is an activist for disability rights. Edeh is the first deaf female lawyer in Nigeria. Edeh started the Voice of Disability Initiative (VDI). She is the founder and Executive Director. She went to Federal College of Education (Special), Oyo, University of Ilorin, and University of Minnesota.

Edeh was born in Enugu, Nigeria. She became deaf when she was five. Her parents wanted her to quit school and learn to be a seamstress or hairdresser. Edeh wanted to stay in school. She braided people's hair to save up money to go to college. She went to Federal College of Education (Special), Oyo, and learned sign language there. She studied at University of Ilorin, in Kwara State. Edeh then studied at the Humphrey School of Public Affairs, University of Minnesota, USA.

Edeh noticed the amount of human rights violations disabled people go through every day. She wanted to do something about it. She believed that laws that protected disabled people needed to be put in place in Nigeria. Edeh got her Bachelor of Laws Degree at University of Ilorin. She was the only deaf person in her class. Edeh also studied in the U.S. She went to University of Minnesota. 

Edeh is the Executive Director of Voice of Disability Initiative. Their goal is to inspire disabled people, especially women. VDI also wants to protect the rights of disabled people. 

Edeh has been helping deaf people go to the Enugu State University of Science and Technology. She did not have a secondary school near her home where she could study. She had to go far away for school. So, she wants a school deaf students can attend in the south part of Nigeria.

Edeh also works to protect deaf girls from violence. She works for better healthcare fir girls with disabilities.

Edeh married a deaf man to avoid being mistreated by a hearing husband.

Christine Philip

Christine Philip is a clothing designer. She is currently the CEO of Global Glam. 

Philip was born in Manhattan. Her mother and father work in medicine. Her father is a pediatrician. She is Indian, German, and Portuguese. She studied at Rocky Bayou Christian School in Florida. She went to college at Emory University in Atlanta. In college, Philip worked in a store that sold expensive shoes. Customers liked her clothing. She began college studying medicine, but changed to marketing and finance. 

Philip began her career by working at the Bally of Switzerland, a clothing house. She has worked in different countries before settling in the United States. Philip searched for her passion, and tried many different types of clothing design and jewelry design. She started a couple of small businesses. She then started Global Glam and the magazine launched in 2015, which is a magazine and retailer. In 2020, Philip launched an e-commerce division of Global Glam.

Philip currently lives in Naples, Florida with her family. She enjoys free time by playing tennis or going to the beach.

Maia Perez

Maia Perez (born October 19, 1999) is an American professional soccer player. She is a goalkeeper. She was drafted by Angel City FC in the United States' National Women's Soccer League. They sent her to play in France for a few years. She is the starting goalkeeper for Grand Paris Seine Ouest 92 Issy (GPSO 92 Issy) at the age of 23. 

Perez grew up in East Kentwood, Michigan. She started to play soccer in the 2nd grade. She was the goalkeeper when playing with the boys in her elementary school. 

Perez began playing division 1 soccer for the Hartford Hawks in her freshman year. She was in college for 5 years. Perez began playing with Angel City FC in Los Angeles, CA, USA in March of 2022. She currently plays with Grand Paris Seine Ouest 92 Issy (GPSO 92 Issy). In 2023 she started playing for OL Reign of Seattle.

Rahnee Patrick

Rahnee Patrick is the Asian American Director of the Division of Rehabilitation Services at the Illinois Department of Human Services. She is the first Asian American in this position. Patrick is an award-winning author and has 105 books published on Goodreads. In 2008, Patrick received an award from the American Association of People with Disabilities as a leader. She received the Paul Hearne Award. 

Patrick was born in South Bend, Indiana. Patrick was raised in the small town of North Liberty, Indiana. She has psoriasis and arthritis, which don’t let her use her arms or hands. Her parents met during the Vietnam conflict. Her mother, Ubonwan Patrick is originally from Thailand. 

Patrick graduated from John Glenn High School in 1992. She graduated from Indiana University at South Bend in 1996. She co-founded Students Together Active and Respected at Indiana University, where she met others with disabilities. 

Patrick graduated from Illinois University at South Bend in 1996. She then started becoming involved in the independent living and disability rights movements as well as the group ADAPT. In 2007, the Governor of Illinois had her start working for the Illinois State Advisory Council on the Education of Children with Disabilities. Then, in 2008 she was awarded the Paul Hearne award. Patrick graduated from Adler University with her Master's in Industrial and Organizational Psychology. She currently lives in Chicago with her husband and 2 dogs.

Chloe Anderson

Chloe Psyche Anderson is a transgender woman volleyball player. She is the first transgender athlete in a California college or university. She met the National Collegiate Athletic Association's (NCAA) 

Anderson grew up in Long Beach, California. In preschool, she loved playing princesses and dressing up. A while before kindergarten she started getting bullied. She got beat up almost every day for about 7 years. When she was in middle school, she started failing classes, trying not to get noticed. Her only target was to not get noticed. She only felt excited about playing volleyball. 

But by junior year she was feeling too sad. Her grades were too bad. She got kicked off the volleyball team at school.

Anderson began her transition from male to female at the age of 19 after years of feeling like she was assigned the wrong gender. Before her transition, she had always felt like she didn't belong with the boys, she felt like she belonged with the girls. Anderson’s mother wasn't accepting of her child's decision because she assumed Anderson was only cross-dressing. Eventually, she learned to accept her daughter. Her mother became a big supporter and always cheers for her at volleyball games. Anderson worked to afford treatments for gender transition. 

Anderson found it difficult to play volleyball while taking hormones. Her body did not work as expected. By one year into her treatments, she was much slower and less powerful than before. Her "male muscles...melted off her body." She argues that trans players do not keep advantages of their gender before gender transition.

After Anderson changed the gender on her birth certificate and took gender replacement hormones for a year, both the California Community College Athletic Association and the NCAA let her play college volleyball.` Anderson played for Santa Ana Community College for two years and then changed to playing for the University of California Santa Cruz Volleyball team.

Marisa Seepersaud

Marisa Seepersaud is a Guyanese paediatric surgeon. She was the only pediatric surgeon in the country of Guyana until 2021. She provides surgical care for children and newborn babies. She became one of the two surgeons in high demand later on. Seepersaud is the head of paediatric surgeons at Georgetown Public Hospital Corporation (GPHC). She set up training programs that were not available in Guyana She helped train people who want to become surgeons. Seepersaud also introduced daycare surgeries that admitted patients within 24 hours of surgery.  

Seepersaud grew up in Guyana. As a child, she wanted to become an astronaut. Due to the conditions and resources they had to keep in mind, she wasn’t able to continue her desire.

After graduating from the University of Guyana School of Medicine, she went to study at the University of West Indies Jamaica, to learn more in-depth about the paediatric surgical program. 

Right after attending both universities, Seepsaud joined "Baby Heart". Baby Heart is a non-profit team that focuses on performing surgeries around the world for children.

In 2019, Seepersaud won the "Canadian Association Paediatric Surgeon Global Scholar" Award. 

Hot Pocket

Hot pockets are a Americanized version of a calzone made in the early 80's by Nestlé. They are commonly made in a microwave through you can make them in an oven and any other kitchen tool used for cooking.

Nashwa El-Bendary

Nashwa Mamdouh El-Bendary is an Egyptian computer scientist. She researches climate change and its impact on agricultural crops. Her work won the L’Oreal-UNESCO for Women in Science award in 2015. She also won the UNESCO ALECSO Award for creativity and technical innovation for young researchers in 2014.

El-Bendary studied Computer and Data Science at Cairo University. She graduated in 2000. She then earned a MA in 2004 and PhD in 2008.

El Bendary uses artificial intelligence to understand climate change. Computer science helps her understand how agricultural crops are impacted by climate.  She is interested in disease detection in crops. She is researching if artificial intelligence can help detect problems.

El-Bendary is a professor at the Arab Academy of Science, Technology, and Maritime Transport (AAST).  She is now the Dean of the College of Computing and Information Technology at the AASTMT (South Valley branch). She directs the China-Arab States Technology Transfer Center (CASTTC). 

She published over 80 research papers. She is also a member of the Scientific Research Group in Egypt (SRGE).

Source bias

Source bias is a term from psychology. It means that when people select sources from where to get their information, they are more likely to pick either those sources that confirm what they already believe, or those that are very negative. This will then create so-called echo chambers for them. In news reporting, source bias affects how news organizations do news gathering in whom they choose to talk, and in news analysis, what they imply in the way they arrange facts collected.

Robert Bakewell

Robert Bakewell may refer to:


Robert Bakewell (farmer)

Robert Bakewell (23 May 1725 – 1 October 1795) was an English farmer, now seen as one of the most important figures in the and a pioneer of modern agriculture. As well as his work in crop production and soil management, he is well-known as the first to put forward systematic selective breeding of livestock. His advancements not only led to specific improvements in sheep, cattle and horses, but contributed to general knowledge of artificial selection.


John Ball

Jack, Johnny, or John Ball may refer to:





Border Song

"Border Song" is a 1970 song by Elton John. It is from his second studio album "Elton John". It went to number 29 in the Netherlands, number 34 in Canada and number 91 in the United States and did not chart in the United Kingdom. It has been covered by Aretha Franklin and Willie Nelson.


Marion E. Wong

Marion E. Wong (1895-1969) was an American filmmaker of Chinese descent. She is one of a few known female directors of movies. Wong created the first known Asian American-made movie. She wrote, produced, directed and acted in the "Curse of Quon Gwon." Wong also made the scenery and costumes. It was one of the only movies that featured Chinese Americans in a non-stereotypical view. After making "Curse of Quon Gwon", she became bankrupt and stopped filmmaking. Her movie became lost except for 2 tins, which were recently discovered.

Wong was born in San Francisco. She moved to Oakland when she was young. She went to until she moved. Because she was the youngest of a big family, she probably got homeschooled after moving. Her family owned a cafe. As a child, she spent a lot of time at the cafe. When she was 15, she and her brothers went to China to find spouses. At that time, there was an act called the Geary Act. It made it hard for Chinese immigrants to come to the United States. Because of that, Wong and her brothers could only stay in China for one year. If they stayed longer, they could not return to the United States. In China, one of her brothers died of smallpox. The other brother found a good wife named Violet. Violet and Wong became good friends. Meanwhile, Wong found a someone to be her husband. She rejected him and went back to the United States without a husband.

After returning to the United States, Wong started writing the screenplay for her first movie. Charlie Chaplin filmed part of his movie, "One Night Out", near Wong’s family’s cafe. She led her to creating a movie from the screenplay. She hired one of Chaplin's people to be the cameraman for the movie. This cost a whole lot of money. She got support from her uncle who was very wealthy. She started her own movie company. This company was called Mandarin Film Company. Her movies was much better than most movies made by beginner directors.This is partly because of the good person working the camera. She directed and produced her own movie. This movie starred Violet (her sister-in-law), her mother, Violet’s daughter and a professional actor, Harvey Soo Hoo. Her movie was different from other movies of that time. Other movies did not represent Chinese-Americans well. The other movies that had Chinese-Americans in them at that time were all very stereotyped. “I had never seen any Chinese movies,” said Wong, “so I decided to introduce them to the world.” In the first screenings of her movie, people loved it. Because her movie didn’t have stereotypes that were common at that time, distributors wouldn’t buy it. Wong couldn’t pay back her uncle. Her uncle became broke. She was really sad about her failure. She decided to not be a filmmaker. She asked the family to "never speak of her film again”. 

In 1969, Violet told her grandson Gregory Mark about a canister containing the rolls of "The Curse of Quon Gwon". She told him to “do something with it.” In 2004 an Asian-American filmmaker Arthur Dong discovered the film rolls and took the to the Academy Film Archive to restore the film. In December of 2006 the film was recognized as an important historical and cultural film by the National Film Registry. Out of the 8 reels of the film only 2 are saved as of now and you can see them in the Oakland Museum of California.

Georgette Vidor

Georgette Vidor Mello (born 5 October 1958) is a Brazilian gymnastics coach and politician. She was born in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. She has worked as head of artistic gymnastics and as a coach at Clube de Rogatos de Flamengo. Vidor worked with the Brazilian National Women's Team for 15 years. With her as coach, the Brazilian team won their first Pan American gold medals and their first world medal. Vidor had an accident that caused her to be paraplegic. She still went on to coach more top athletes.

In 2002, Vidor was elected State Representative, with 50,350 votes. She later became a Deputy and created the first permanent commission to help people with disabilities in State Legislative Assemblies in Brazil, She also created the accessibility seal and held seminars every year. Vidor was part of the party executive. She helped others to prepare for their jobs. As of January 2023, Vidor was Head of Municipal Secretariat for People with Disabilities. She has held this position since May 2011. 

Makiko Kudo

Makiko Kudo (Born in 1978) is a Japanese painter. When Kudo was young, most paintings showed real life things. She paints fiction. People did not like that. Kudo’s way of painting was seen as political resistance. She grew up with stiff social structures and a failing economy. 

Her paintings always have a child in them. The child shows her generation’s worry about adulthood. 

In 2007, she had a display of her art at Tomio Koyama Gallery in Kiyosumi, Japan. She had another display at Hiratsuka Museum of Art, Kanagawa, Japan in 2022. 

She painted a picture for the Metropolitan Opera of New York. The opera started an art gallery. Her painting was in the first exhibit. She painted Princess Yue-yang from "The New Emperor".

Lola Smallwood-Cuevas

Lola Smallwood-Cuevas is an American politician. She became a senator in the California Senate in 2022. Smallwood-Cuevas represents District 28. The district is for South Los Angeles and Culver City, CA. She started the Black Worker Center at University of California, Los Angeles. President Barak Obama liked the work Smallwood-Cuevas did for workers. 

Smallwood-Cuevas was raised in a single parent household. She movedto California, with her mother, when she was young. Her mother wanted better jobs and schools. Her mother is a nurse. Smallwood-Cuevas graduated from California State University at Hayward. She is married. She has one daughter and one son. 

Smallwood-Cuevas was a journalist. She wrote for the "Chicago Tribune", the "Long Beach Press Telegram" and the Oakland Tribune. She reported on the lives of working families. She then worked as a researcher for United Service Workers West. Smallwood-Cuevas co-founded the LA Black Worker Center. She also works with the Center for the Advancement of Racial Equity at Work at UCLA.

Smallwood Cuevas became a California State Senator on December 5, 2022. She is part of the Democratic Party. She represents district 28 in Los Angeles California. She got 99,479 votes out of 140,996 total votes. She had 59.9% of the votes. 

Lama Hattab

Lama Hattab (born December 31, 1980) is a Middle Eastern ultramarathon runner from Jordan. Hattab and her twin sister, Dima Hattab are known for being the first females from the Middle East to run an ultramarathon. She is also a leader in "Generation of Peace" in Amman, Jordan. 

Hattab is a twin. She and her sister Dima have many hobbies that they do together. They grew up in Tabarbour, Jordan, near Amman. 

Hattab graduated from the University of Amman. She studied Information Technology.

Hattab and her sister love sports. They like to run and to cycle. They look for new sports to try.

Hattab and her sister run marathons and ultramarathons. She ran in the Marathon de Sables and the Dead Sea ultramarathon. Men were not nice to them at the marathons. Hattab won the Dead Sea Marathon the first time she ran it. Hattab encourages running in the Middle East, especially among young girls. She is also a leader in Generation of Peace an organization in Amman, Jordan. Hattab also ran in the Dead Sea in 1999 where she placed in 3rd.

Hattab and her sister together ran in the national team of Jordan. They were around 17 or 18 years old. She ran distance races, including 800-meter and 1500 meter runs. In her first half marathon, she ran her and her sister did not sign up. They were among the first Jordanian women to run in marathons. Their coach was in the desert but couldn’t make the race she was planning on running with her friends. She changed the names and told the Hattab twins to run slow as part of their training.

Hattab also loves mountaineering. She and her sister wanted to be the first Arab women to be mountaineers in the Guinness Book of World Records. They hoped to climb the tallest mountain on each continent. In 2007, the twins went to Alaska, USA, to train to climb mountains. 

First, Hattab and her sister climbed the highest mountain in North Africa's Atlas Mountains. In 2007, Jordan's Prince Faisal Bin Al-Hussein started a "Generations for Peace Initiative." The twins climbed the mountain to get attention for the Generations for Peace Initiative. They liked mountain climbing and want to climb more mountains. The Jordanian Olympics Committee said their climb was good for peace.

Their dream was to climb Mt. Everest. Jordan's King Abdullah's "Development Fund" help pay for their climb. But they could not get enough money to make the climb. They needed US$750,000. Companies did not think women can do sports, so did not give them money.

Hattab worked for the Jodanian Olympic Committee. At work she learned about an organization called Generations for Peace. In 2007, Prince Feisal Al Hussein of Jordan started that organization. The organization used sports and art to help young people make peace in places with war or other conflict.. She volunteered to work with children. She liked it and began to work for Generations for peace in 2009. Hattab is now the Program Director for Generations for Peace. 

Dima Hattab

Dima Hattab (born Dec. 31, 1980) is a Jordanian ultramarathon runner and mountain climber. She runs races that are longer than 26 miles. She has competed in the Marathon des Sables and the Desert Cup, and other races. Hattab, and her twin sister Lama, are the first female Jordanian long distance runners. They aim to be the first twin sisters and the first Arab women to climb Earth’s tallest mountains. Hattab holds a degree in Information Technology. 

Modest fashion

Modest fashion is a style of fashion with less-revealing and private clothing. Some Muslim, Jewish, and Christian women wear modest fashion. In 2022, the modest fashion industry earned US $295 billion. It will earn US $402 billion industry by 2024. This style is worn by many people in the Middle East and Northern Africa. The countries with the highest spendings are Turkey, Iran, and Saudi Arabia. Muslims from other areas such as Indonesia also wear modest fashion. Roughly 87% of Indonesia’s population is Muslim.
Modest fashion includes wide legged pants, sheer dresses with non-transparent tops underneath, and traditional abayas.

Hijabs, or head scarves, are scarves or shawls that are usually a part of modest wardrobes. It can be worn to express a person’s identity. French and British colonizers encouraged women in the Middle East  to remove the hijab, so many see it as a sign of protest and pride. Some people think that the hijab should be worn to avoid men’s gaze. The hijab is popular in the United States to prove religious identity, as well. Or, to deepen connections with God. Hijabs mainly represent privacy and morality, as well. In some countries, such as Iran and Aceh Province of Indonesia, wearing the hijab is mandatory. This decision has led to protests, on occasions such as on the death of Mahsa Amini.

Yildirim (Yıldırım) is a Turkish modest fashion designer running the brand Miss Ayshe (Ayşe) in Istanbul, Turkey. She focuses on making beautiful clothing while keeping it appropriate for Muslim women to wear. She is passionate about exposing luxury or big brands for targeting Muslim audiences but not admitting that they are.

An example is Zara. Rather than labeling clothes as modest, they work to make it easy to layer. This means they make money from Muslims but don't acknowledge it.

Abdallah makes the clothing for Dulce by Safiya. She makes fashionable shirts with hoods (called "hoodies") and hats called "beanies" that cover women's hair like hijabs. 

Polonsky and Chanin are Jewish designers. They are sisters. They are from Sydney, Australia. Polonsky is a widow.

They started a modest fashion company called The Frock. Their clothes cover women's knees, elbows, and shoulders. Ploansky wanted modest dress but hated looking different from other people.

They like to take clothes that are immodest and mix them with modest clothes. They cover their bodies but include immodest fashion.

Hecht and Notik are also Jewish designers. Their clothing is popular with Jewish and Muslim women. Notik grew up in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada. Hecht grew up in Seattle, Washington, USA. Modest clothes were expensive. Also they were not pretty. They make clothes that are for layering - for example, wearing a dress and pants and a jacket, or wearing two dresses.

Jocelyne Larocque

Jocelyn Larocque (born May 19, 1988) is a Canadian professional ice hockey defencewoman. She plays for PWHL Toronto of the Professional Women's Hockey League (PWHL). She also plays for Canada in Olympic hockey. She was the first female indigenous woman to play on Team Canada at the Olympics. She is a part of the Métis Nation. She has won two Olympic gold medals, and one silver medal. In 2018, she won the Manitoba Female Indigenous Athlete of the Decade award. Larocque has won a total of 9 world championships.
Larocque grew up in St. Anne, Manitoba, Canada. As a child, she would play hockey on boys’ teams. She went to college at the University of Minnesota Duluth. While there, she was made all-American twice.

Larocque was an all-American twice (2008-2009, 2010-2011). She began her career playing for the Calgary Oval X-Treme. She has been a player on the Canadian National Hockey team since 2008.

Larocque won her first Olympic medal at the 2014 Sochi games, where Canada took the gold. She returned to the games for Pyeongchang 2018, with Canada winning silver. Her most recent games were the 2022 Beijing Olympics, where Canada won gold.

Larocque has won gold medals at 3 world championships. She has also won silver medals 5 times, and bronze once.

Enriqueta Reyes González

Enriqueta Reyes González (October 10, 1920-2008) was the first female firefighter in Cuba and greater Latin America. She joined the Ranchuelo fire department in 1954. Reyes González was promoted from treasurer to director to colonel. Her nickname was “The Colonel.” 

Reyes González was born in Camagüey. She spent her childhood in a Christian community. When she was seventeen Reyes González moved to Ranchuelo. Her mother came with her. Her mother was sick. She only had five Pesos. She had a recommendation for a cigarette factory job. Later many of her neighbors' houses caught on fire. She decided to raise money for a fire department. In 1953 Reyes González hosted a fundraiser. Her town finally built a fire department.

Reyes González was the first woman to become a firefighter in Cuba and greater Latin America. She started as the treasurer. Later she became a director. Then she finally became the head firefighter. 

Reyes González had a daughter named María de los Ángeles González. Her family supported her work. Reyes González died in 2008 from a heart attack. She was 88 years old.

Elaine Denniston

Elaine Denniston (born 1939) was a punch card operator for the Apollo program.  She corrected a lot of computer code that made the rockets work better. 
Denniston was brought up in Boston, Massachusetts. She went to Girls' Latin High School and graduated in 1957. Her school did not teach science. Denniston then married a man named Baron D. Denniston. She had two children.

Denniston worked as a clerk after high school. 

At the New England Life Insurance Company she learned to be a keypunch operator. She made the holes in punched cards. In the 1950s and 1960s, those cards were how computers got information. So, computer programmers wrote computer code on paper. Keypunch operators then punched code onto the punched cards to get the code into the computers.

In 1966 Denniston went to work for the MIT Instrumentation Lab (now called Draper Laboratory). Her job at MIT was to keypunch data that programmers wrote for the Apollo Project. She helped make rockets to go to the Moon. She worked on guidance systems - the parts that controlled the rocket's movements. 

Her job was to keypunch cards but she saw many mistakes the coders made. She started editing and correcting code. She learned coding rules. She saw mistakes and learned how to correct them. 

Her contributions were recognized in the BBC Podcast, "13 Minutes to the Moon" and the We Hack The Moon exhibit. 

Denniston faced many hardships during her work on Apollo. Denniston was told to train a person so she did. The company she worked for eventually reorganized the employee positions and the person that Denniston trained then became her boss because he had some college credits but also he was a man. She also had problems with the programmers. The programmers often made excuses as to why the code wasn’t finished so Denniston used her persistent attitude to make sure it was finished on time and able to run overnight. 

Denniston could not get a better job at MIT because she was a woman and she was Black. She left MIT in 1968. Denniston went to study at Radcliffe College. She graduated in 1973.

Denniston then studied at Boston University Law School. She became a lawyer. Most of her work was for the government of the state of Massachusetts. Denniston retired in 2012.

Kim Hamrock

Kim Hamrock (Born 1960) is an American surfer. She was awarded the “2005 Woman of the Year” by the Surfing Walk of Fame. Hamrock has won many US surfing competitions. She won the national Longboard Championship. She wrote the book “My Grandma Surfs Better than You”. The book was published in 2017. Hamrock is nicknamed “Danger Woman” because she does not let male surfers bully her. She also teaches surfing.

Hamrock grew up in La Habra Heights. She lived twenty miles from the coast. Hamrock was six years old the first time she saw someone surfing. The surfer was on television. She liked surfing from seeing it on television. At age 13 she went to Hawaii with her grandmother. She surfed for the first time. 

Hamrock went to school at La Serna High in Whittier, CA. She did not live near the ocean. At age 16 she was able to drive a car. Then, she could drive to the ocean to surf. She would surf even though men thought girls should not surf. She would also get car rides to the ocean from Marty Hamrock. She married Marty Hamrock in 1979. She had children and did not surf very much. 

Hamrock became serious about surfing in 1990. She began winning competitions. 

During the mid-1990’s Hamrock won six national U.S. awards. She won four shortboards awards 1993-96 and two longboard awards in 1995-96. Hamrock began surfing professionally in 1998. She placed third in the Women’s Longboard World Championship in 1999. She placed fifth in 2000 and won the Women’s Longboard World Champion in 2002. In 2005 she was runner-up at the XXL Big Wave Awards.

Susil Nelson-Kongoi

Susil Nelson-Kongoi is Papua New Guinean businessperson and is a leader in the country at helping working women get more responsibility and better work rights. She supports human rights. She helps indigenous women work for better jobs. She is the Senior Media and Communications Advisor at Exxonmobil PNG Limited. She works on public policy, helping the government of Papua New Guinea make good policies. She is Vice-Chariman of the Business Council of Papua New Guinea. Nelson-Kongoi won the Overall Westpac Outstanding Women Award in 2012 for helping Papua New Guinean women to join the workforce. She is one of the only female oil executives in Papua New Guinea. She was featured in the "Pawa Meri" ("Power Women") film project that highlighted important women in Papua New Guinea.

Nelson-Kongoi comes from East Sepik Province. Her parents were educated. They were huge supporters of education. This inspired Nelson-Kongoi to sponsor and fight for Papua New Guineans education. Nelson-Kongoi has a Bachelor of Commerce from Canterbury College. She studied management and information systems. She also has a MBA from Divine Word University PNG. 

She works for Exxonmobil PNG Limited as their Senior Media and Communication Advisor. She has been the Manager for Corporate Governance and Special Projects at PNG Sustainable program Ltd for 14 years. Her work helps other women who want careers. 

Nelson-Kongoi was also asked to work on many national-level projects to make business and the economy stronger in Papua New Guinea. She is on the board of the Business Council of Papua New Guinea. She also helped the The Center for International Private Enterprise start its Papua New Guinea Business Advocacy Network. The Business Advocacy Network helps women get high-level jobs. She is the leader of that Network. She is also the Board Coordinator for the Papua New Guinea Chamber of Commerce and Industry. She is a board member for the Incentive Fund, helping girls and women work in businesses. Nelson-Kongoi also helps teach women about personal and business finance. She helps the Business Coalition For Women (BCFW) teach women about being business leaders. Nelson-Kongoi is the president of the Business and Professional Women's Club of Port Moresby, too. 

Nelson-Kongoi won the Overall WOW Award (Westpac Outstanding Women Award) in 2012 for helping women in Papua New Guinea get jobs. She also earned a fellowship from the Australian Government's Fellowship program. She also fundraises for scholoarships for girls.

The Curse of Quon Gwon

The Curse of Quon Gwon is a Chinese American silent film. It is the oldest known Asian American film. It was completed in 1916. The producer of the film was Marion E. Wong. "The Curse of Quon Gwon" is a film about a family who are cursed for beginning to accept Western culture.

Wong and her family made up the cast of the movie. Wong played many parts in the making of the film. She was the director of the film, the main villain, costume designer, and the producer of "The Curse of Quon Gwon." Wong got financial help from her uncle. Wong’s sister-in-law, her mother, and her niece were all part of the cast, as well as many more. 

"The Curse of Quon Gwon" used to have 7 reels, but only 2 survived. Because of this, the movie is 42 minutes long. On July 21, 2005, the reels were released.

The film company went bankrupt after making the movie. 

Maria Branyas Morera

Maria Branyas Morera (born 4 March 1907) is the current title holder of world's oldest living person since the death of Lucile Randon on 17 January 2023, and the 18th oldest undisputed person in history.

She was born in San Francisco, California.

In March 2020, she became the oldest person to recover from COVID-19. This record was later surpassed by Lucile Randon.

She currently lives in a nursing home located in Olot, Catalonia.



Herman Coessens

Herman Coessens (22 August 1943 – January 2023) was a Belgian actor.

Coessens was most known as a stage actor at where he played between the 1970s and 1990s. Coessens also played in many television series, including ', ', "Ons geluk", ', ' and "Flikken".

Coessens married to actress Lieve Moorthamer. He died from an illness in January 2022, at the age of 79.

Fred Bellefroid

Fred Bellefroid (22 January 1945 – 13 January 2022) was a Belgian sculptor.

Bellefroid is the creator of the iconic at the Oude Markt in Leuven. He made many sport statues. The common style of his statues are long figures that are moving. In 2021 he created the prize statues for the winner of the Brabantse Pijl cycling race.

Bellefroid died in on 13 January 2022, at the age of 76.

Hammond Pond Reservation

Hammond Pond Reservation is a woodland park in Newton, Massachusetts. Hammond Pond is located within the park. 

The park is a part of the Metropolitan Park System of Greater Boston. The first piece of land that would become the park was bought from John Lowell in 1916. There are trails there that go to Webster Woods and Houghton Garden. The MBTA Green Line (Riverside Branch) runs through the park from East to West, and the Hammond Pond Parkway runs through the park from North to South.

Hammond Pond is as a Massachusetts "Great pond". The pond and reservation are named after the Hammond family, which settled in the area in the 17th century.


Richie Stringini

Christopher Richard Stringini (known as "Richie Stringini") is an American actor, dancer and singer. He was born on November 28, 1988 in Chicago, Illinois, USA.

Richie Stringini was adopted at the age of four to Kathleen and Robert Stringini, from Wheaton, Illinois, USA. Richie Stringini has a brother named Bobby. he studied at Acacia Academy located in LaGrange, Illinois. Richie Stringini started acting and modeling professionally at the age of four. then Richie Stringini acted in a movie titled Rule Number One (2005). Before auditioning in Florida for the reality television show Big In America (BIA).

Known as "Richie" in the pop boy band US5. A group that was developed by Lou Pearlman through a German reality TV show, Big in America. He is an original member of US5, which enjoys great success in Europe.

After a few years of silence, Richie began a solo career. His debut single was "Man Down."

Arjan Paans

Arjan Paans (1969 – 17 January 2023) was a Dutch journalist.

Paans was born in 1969. His father Boudewijn Paans, was editor-in-chief of . His mother Anna worked for the "Gooi- en Eemlander" and "Amersfoortse Courant".

Paans started his journalist career at "Gooi- en Eemlander" where his mother worked. He worked for 23 years in several positions at "Algemeen Dagblad". He worked for "Algemeen Dagblad" between 2003 and 2008 in Berlin, Germany. He became for "Algemeen Dagblad" deputy editor-in-chief. He was editor-in-chief interior and coordinator Rotterdam at NRC Handelsblad. In 2016 he started working for the regional newspapers of the Telegraaf Media Groep and was among others editor-in-chief of "Leidsch Dagblad", "Haarlems Dagblad" and "Gooi- en Eemlander". Paans was editor-in-chief of free newspaper "Metro" between 2017 and May 2018. In 2021 he became editor-in-chief of .

Paans was married to Loes and they had a son Wolf. Paans died from cancer on 13 January 2022, at the age of 53.

Methine group

A methine group or methine bridge is a functional group =CH−. It consists of a carbon bound by one double bond and 2 single bonds, where one of the single bonds is to a hydrogen.

Pyridine

Pyridine is an organic compound with the chemical formula C5H5N. It is similar to Benzene, with one methine group (=CH−) replaced by a nitrogen atom.

Fons Panis

Alphons Leo Walter Joseph Panis (16 August 1932 – 15 January 2023) was a Dutch politician of the Anti-Revolutionary Party and later Christian Democratic Appeal. Panis was mayor of Maartensdijk (1973–1978) and mayor of Leusden (1987–1997).

Panis was born in Berkel-Enschot in 1932. His father (1900–1975) was twice mayor of Berkel-Enschot and in between mayor of Haaren. His uncle was architect (1891-1972).
Panis attended gymnasium in Tilburg. After completing his military service, he studied Dutch law at the University of Utrecht. After his graduation in 1960, he started his civil service career at the General Affairs department of the province of Utrecht. He later became secretary of the Midden-Utrecht circle. Subsequently he was acting secretary of the cooperation body agglomeration Eindhoven. In May 1973 he became mayor of Maartensdijk. During his term as mayor, new-build neighborhoods were established on the south side of the village of Maartensdijk, like the the 'Kruidenbuil', as well as the new-build neighborhoods of Groenekan and Westbroek. Panis opposed the abolition of the municipality of Maartensdijk. In mid-1987 Panis became mayor of Leusden. He was the mayor of Leusen until 1997.

Panis died in Amersfoort on 15 January 2023, at the age of 90.

Alphons Panis

Alphonsus Gerardus Martinus "Alphons" Panis (25 January 1900 – 22 February 1975) was a Dutch politician.

Panis was born as the son of teacher Leonardus Waltherus Panis (1852-1933) and Anna Maria Cornelia van Roessel (1857-1914). He grew up in a large Catholic family. Several brothers became priests, including the titular bishop Walther Panis; one sister joined the Sisters of St. Francis. His brother Constant Panis became a known architect in Tilburg.

Panis worked at the municipal clerk of Berkel-Enschot. In 1926 he started working as a secretary at the municipality of Helvoirt. In 1929, Panis was appointed mayor of Berkel-Enschot. Eight years later in 1937 he was appointed mayor of Haaren. In 1947 he returned to the municipality of Berkel-Enschot to become mayor there again. Panis retired in 1965.

His son Fons Panis (1932 – 2023) was mayor of Maartensdijk (1973-1978) and mayor of Leusden (1987-1997). He died in 1975 at the age of 75.

Constant Panis

Constantius Johan Willem "Constant" Panis (1891 – 1972) was a Dutch architect.

Panis is seen as one of the most important architects in the region of Tilburg. Many buildings that he designed became municipal or national monuments.

Panis was the brother Alphons Panis. He was mayor of Berkel-Enschot and Haaren.

1928–29 Austrian Cup

The 1928-29 Austrian Cup was the cup competition in Austrian football. 

First round with teams from the Second league

Replay matches:

First round with teams from the highest league


 
Replay match:


OHRRPGCE

The Official Hamster Republic Role Playing Game Construction Engine, also known as OHRRPGCE, is a software made for creating video games. It was first shared with two different versions: a "crippled" version, which had the user be locked with only four maps to build with, and an "uncrippled" version, with sixteen maps to build with.

Taline and Friends

Taline and Friends is an American-Armenian musical group. They are best known for playing music for children. The members if the group are Taline Bessos, Tzagratzoo, Napik, and Peeso. Alex Bessos is the songwriter and producer of the group. The most popular of the group's songs include “Im Kntag”, “Tzkneeg” and “Peesoee Bar”.

The group has played a major role in developing Armenian language skills for children worldwide since the early 1990s.

The founders and creators of the group are Taline and Alex Bessos. They are based in Glendale, California. Taline was born in Beirut. She moved to the United States at the age of 15. Taline has a BA degree in Early Childhood Education. In 1993. she and Alex rented a small studio. They released their first CD called "Hink Pokrig Tatigner." It included traditional Armenian songs from their childhood and original songs. In 1994, they released their second CD. The group started to gain more popularity when they made their first DVD "Let’s Sing & Dance". They had their first concert in 2003 in New Jersey. The group had their first Armenian Children’s Christmas Concert in 2003 at the Alex Theatre in Glendale. Their first international performance was in 2004 in Canada. Since then, they have have performed in many countries. These include Argentina, Armenia, Australia, Cyprus, France, Kuwait, Lebanon, the United Kingdom, Syria, Turkey, United Arab Emirates and Uruguay.

The group has made 5 DVDs and 11 CDs. These include lessons on different topics, including animals, the Armenian alphabet, and being Armenian. Their YouTube videos get over 20,000 views each day.

Taline was recognized among the 30 exceptional businesswomen at the 13th Annual Women in Business Legislative Update and Awards luncheon in 2012.



Jan Theelen

Jan Theelen (29 August 1939 – 15 January 2022) was a Dutch musician, arranger and producer.

Theelen played accordion when he was six years old. He started his professional music career as a pianist. He worked for a long time with Tom Manders, better known as Dorus. In the seventies he worked with the American Dutch singer , and also with making the single "".

Theelen had had its own music studio since the 1960s, first in Venray and later in Munstergeleen. Later he had this studio named "Onger Os" together with his son. In Limburg he was particularly known as an arranger of carnival music. Much of this music was recorded in his studio, that closed in 2020.

In 2007, Theelen was the winner of the "Oeuvre-Priès van 't Limburgs Leed" (translated: Oeuvre Prize of the Limburg Song).

Theelen died in Sittard on 15 January 2022, at the age of 82.

Marie Korsaga

Marie Korsaga is an astrophysicist from Burkina Faso. She is the first female Burkinabe astrophysicist. Korsaga studies dark matter. She also supports girls who are interested in science.

Korsaga became interested in science when she learned about people traveling to the Moon. She was fascinated by shooting stars.  She was interested in many kinds of science. Korsaga did not see many women working in science. She saw very few African women working in science. She did see some female engineers. She planned to be a civil engineer.

Korsaga attended Joseph Ki-Zerbo University in Ouagadougou, Burkina Faso. She studied mathematics and physics. She learned about new kinds of science. Astronomy was one of the sciences that she learned about.

She continued studying in France after she finished college. Korsaga want to the Astrophysics Laboratory of Marseille (LAM) in France. She earned a doctorate from LAM and the University of Cape Town in South Africa. She studied galaxies.

Korsaga works as a researcher at the Observatoire Astronomique de Strasbourg in France. She is also a teacher at the Université Joseph Ki-Zerbo in Burkina Faso. Korsaga has also spoken at the African Union. She was honoured by the city of Huesca, Spain in their sundial. Dr. Korsaga is a founding member, and sits on the editorial board, of “L’Astronomie Afrique”. It is the first French language online astronomy magazine in Africa.

She won the African Network of Women in Astronomy award. The award is from the African Network of Women in Astronomy.

Korsaga works to get more girls from Burkina Faso interested in science. She also works to make Burkina Faso stronger in research about space. She wants her country to be the first African country to launch satellites into space.

Wahida Amiri

Wahida Amiri (born in 1990) is an Afghan librarian and an activist for women’s rights. Amiri runs a library. Since 2017, her library of over 5,000 books is open in Kabul to motivate women to read. But in August 2021, Amiri returned to Kabul to see the Taliban stopping girls and women from going to work and school. She gathered a group of women and started a movement called “"Spontaneous Movement of Afghan Women Fighters"”. In December 2021, Amiri made it on BBC’s list of the 100 most inspiring women. 

Amiri was born and raised in Kabul, Afghanistan and temporarily moved to Pakistan and came back to Kabul at 15. When she moved to Pakistan she had to do many of the chores like cooking, cleaning, and scrubbing the floors. After the Taliban was defeated, Amiri returned home. Women and girls could now go to school and work. Even though education was important to Amiri, her family thought taking care of the house and guests was more important. Five years later, she was able to enroll into school with the help of her cousin.

Amiri didn’t learn how to read until she was 20 years old. She took her exams while taking care of her home. She took them over and over until she finally passed. Finally, she was welcomed into a university where she studied law. Amiri discovered the English author Virginia Woolf and finally realized she held power in her voice. When the Taliban took power again in Afghanistan, Amiri lost her job.

The Taliban said girls cannot go to school. They said women cannot have jobs. Amiri organized women to protest. 

Saeeda Etebari

Saeeda Etebari is an Afghani jewelry artist. Etebari had meningitis when she was one, causing her to be deaf. She joined the Turquoise Mountain Institute for Afghan Arts and Architecture and trained in jewelry-making. She was chosen to have an exhibition at the Smithsonian in Washington D.C. 

Etebari was born in a Pakistani refugee camp. She was the third of nine children. When she was only one years old, she developed meningitis. Meningitis is a disease that, for Etebari, resulted in hearing loss and not being able to speak. Etebari couldn’t go to school, so her dad founded a deaf school for her to learn.  Etebari speaks sign language. Etebari signs about the struggle of accepting that she was deaf and mute, but now she thinks of it somewhat as a blessing.

After graduating, Etebari’s brother suggested she apply to Turquoise Mountain Institute. At Turquoise Mountain, she studied handmade jewelry design. Etebari’s talents were noticed there, as she excelled in her work. Etebari considers being deaf a blessing for her, for when she goes to work on jewelry, the loud noises of tools don’t affect her concentration.

Etebari was chosen with Abdul Matin Malekzadah and Sughra Hussainy, to have an exhibition at the Smithsonian Museum. Etebari’s work ​​is inspired by the culture of where she grew up in Afghanistan. One of Etebari’s more famous pieces is an emerald and gold necklace that she designed with British jeweler Pippa Small. This piece was displayed at the Smithsonian.

Aiko Doden

Aiko Doden is a Senior Commentator at NHK Japan Broadcasting Corporation. She is also chief producer at NHK World. Doden is a commentator about Asia and the world. She knows the most about South East Asia and United Nations' Sustainable Development Goals. 

She used to be a reporter in NHK’s ASEAN, where she focused on Myanmar. She was also based in Thailand where she reported on security. 

She is on “NHK World Newsline In Depth.” She used to be on “NHK News at 9 PM”, “NHK World Network” and “NHK Asian Voices.”

Doden went to Columbia University for graduate school. She has a Master's degree in international relations. When she was little, Doden lived in London, England. 

Romy Medeiros da Fonseca

Romy Medeiros da Fonseca ( July 1921 - 2013) was a Brazilian lawyer, publisher, and women's rights activist. She was born in Rio de Janeiro. She was part of many groups that fought so women would have the same rights as men in Brazil. She fought to make sure women had the right to be in the army. She was a publisher of many stories about women's rights. In 1977 she was a big part of making the law letting married people to break up. Da Fonseca was also part of the United Nations board for problems about making sure that women had the same rights as others. She also made the National Council of Women in Brazil. Da Fonseca was also a big help to make sure everyone had the same rights while Brazil was having a government problem in 1964.

Junko Shimada

Junko Shimada (Japanese: 島田順子, born in 1941) is a Japanese fashion designer who created her own clothing brand. She designs clothes for Lady Gaga. Shimada also designed the Japanese team's outfits for the 2020 Summer Olympic Games. Shimada's brand is called "Junko Shimada." 

Shimada was born in Tateyama City, Chiba Prefecture, Japan, in 1941. She liked painting. Her mother told her to learn a skill that would let her earn money. Growing up, she also dreamed of working for Levi’s, an American clothing company known for their denim clothing. So she studied at Sugino Gakuen Dressmaker Jogakuin, a fashion designing/dressmaker school. 

In school, she started watching French movies. Shimada moved to Paris in 1966. 

After moving to Paris, Shimada worked as a stylist and with famous fashion companies. She worked for Mafia Design Studio. She then moved to Cacharel. She first designed children's clothes, then men's clothes. 

In 1981 she started the "Junko Shimada Design Studio." She has many shops in France. She also makes luggage, eyeglasses, kimonos, and other items.

Shimada combined French history and Japanese culture in her work. Ever since she started her brand, Shimada has been featured in the Paris Fashion Week. In 2012, Shimada was awarded with the Order of Arts and Letters by the French government for her outstanding work in the fashion industry. She is a member of the "Fédération de la Haute Couture et de la Mode."

Shimada received the Order of Arts and Letters by the French government in 2012.

Nadege Doree

Amelia Goldberg (1862-1950) known as Nadage Doree (also spelled Nadege) was a Jewish American activist, actress, and writer. She fought for justice for Jews. Goldberg wrote books called: "Gèlta, Or, The Czar and the Songstress” and “Did Jesus Change? The Answer of the Jew to the Question of the Ages.” Goldberg was also a singer. She wrote patriotic songs. She is best known for being arrested while trying to speak to United States' President Theodore Roosevelt about violence against Jewish people in Russia.

Goldberg was an activist and author. She wrote her two books, “Gèlta, Or, The Czar and the Songstress” and “Did Jesus Change? The Answer of the Jew to the Question of the Ages.” She also wrote for "The American Israelite" newspaper.Goldberg was also an opera singer and actress. She started writing patriotic songs, and producing plays. She was a model for Duke cigarette cards. She had a race horse named after her. She was an activist who fought against anti-semitism.

In 1905 during President Roosevelt's church service, she interrupted to try to convince Roosevelt to help Russia’s Jews. She got arrested. She sued Roosevelt’s secretary (William Loeb Jr.) 50,000 for a false arrest. 

Naomi Faik-Simet

Naomi Faik-Simet (b. 1977) is a Papua New Guinean dance researcher at the Institute of Papua New Guinea Studies. She is the first PhD from Papua New Guinea to graduate from a dance studies program. Fail-Simet is also the first dance research her country's government ever employed. She works to preserve and create cultural traditions. Papua New Guinea is working to be modern. Sometimes people do not like traditional ideas. Faik-Simet wants people from Papua New Guinea to remember their culture and not just adopt other cultural traditions. She teaches people about traditional and contemporary dance and music. She shows people traditional and new arts can go together. She represents Papua New Guinea for UNESCO's Asia/Pacific Cultural Centre, the International Council for Traditional Music, World Dance Alliance, and World Alliance for Arts Education. 

Faik-Simet was born in Papua New Guinea. She grew up during the period after Papua New Guinea became independent from Australia. 

In 2001, Faik-Simet started working for the Institute of Papua New Guinea Studies. In 2003 she returned to University of Papua New Guinea to complete her undergraduate college degree. She completed her degree in 2005. Soon, Faik-Simet realized she needed more education. First, she connected with experts who lived in New Zealand, Nicholas Rowe and Ralph Buck. In 2010 she got a scholarship from the University of Auckland to study a traditional dance called "gunge takwaku."

Faik-Simet graduated from University of Auckland in New Zealand with a PhD in dance studies in November, 2021. She studied in New Zealand from. April 28, 2017 until Dec 29, 2020. She studied the impact of colonialism on dance education in Papua New Guinea. Faik-Simet studied how to use dance to pass down culture and knowledge. She is now the assistant director at the Institute of Papua New Guinea. Faik-Simet is the only dance researcher in Papua New Guinea. 

Faik-Simet helps organize conferences, like the 8th Symposium of the ICTM Study Group on Music and Dance of Oceania.

She received the Mineral Resource Development Co (MRDC) award in 2011 for making an impact in decolonising dance in Papua New Guinea. The award is a Westpac Public Sector award. It is part of the Westpac Outstanding Women Award.

Faik-Simet and her husband have two children.

Elsa Flores

Elsa Renee Flores is an American biologist and chemist. She is a member of the editorial board of "Cancer Research," a very prestigious research journal. She is the leader of the Cancer Molecular Pathobiology study section at the United State's National Institutes of Health. Before this, she served as the co-director of the Metastasis Research Center. She was also the director of the Genes and Development Ph.D. program at "The University of Texas" "MD Anderson Cancer Center."

Flores grew up in Corpus Christi, Texas. Her father studied biology and chemistry which sparked her love for science. However, when she had to make a decision for college, she was stuck between science and liberal arts. In the end, she enrolled at Massachusetts Institute of Technology and majored in chemical engineering. Later, she came back as a postdoctoral fellow. As a postdoc she worked in Tyler Jacks's lab. Flores was a graduate student at the University of Wisconsin-Madison.

Flores’ maternal grandmother and aunt were both diagnosed with cancer. Her family members' health inspired Flores to study cancer.

Flores was a member of the editorial board of "Cancer Research".

Flores discovered many ways to tackle cancer that can be used as possible cancer treatments in the future. She studied causes of breast cancer with Helmut Zarbl. At the University of Wisconsin-Madison, she worked in "Paul Lambert's" Lab. She dissected the life cycle of the human papillomavirus- a major cause of cervical cancer.

Flores discovered cancerous tumors could regress with a protein called amylin. This discovery helped her continue her search for the cure for cancer.

Flores holds several patents for inventions to help fight cancer.

Anna T. Nilsson

Anna Alida Theresia Nilsson (April 27,1869 - December 11, 1947) was a Malmö drawing teacher, suffragist, peace activist, and women's rights activist. Nilsson became a drawing teacher in 1890. In 1914, Nilsson committed suffrage to be a role model for other women, and fight for women’s rights. After the First World War, Nilsson joined the women’s peace movement. Nilsson was elected to the board of the “International Women’s League for Peace and Freedom” when it was started in 1919 In 1929 Nilsson retired, and began traveling around Europe by train and bus. In 1934 Nilsson started collected history textbooks from different countries to compare. 

Nilsson was born at Toarp manor house in Södra Säm, Västergötland. She was born into a Swedish family. Her dad was Hans Petter Nilsson, who was a textile cottage industry promoter. Her mother was Albertina Juliana. In 1885, Nilsson’s father died and was replaced by a guardian. Her mother then remarried to a relative. Nilsson was the fourth child out of her five siblings, and she was especially close with her older sister Ada Nilsson.

Nilsson attended the Lyceum school with her sister and received her qualifications to be a drawing instructor in 1890. Nilsson worked as a junior teacher at the Stockholm Tekniska professional school for two years. During this time she also gained her penmanship qualifications. After, she moved to Malmö, where she spent eight years at “Tekniska Afternoon- and Evening-School” working as a drawing instructor. For six months in 1900 she worked as a pattern designer in Stockholm.

Nisson was a peace activist. She was a delegate to the International Women’s Peace Congress, The Hague, in 1915. Nilsson was an author of books about peace. She wrote four books: 

Lavenia Yalovi

Lavenia Yalovi is a Fijian sports commentator. Sports journalist Aaron Kearney recruited her to learn to be a sports commentator. He asked Yalovi to join the "Commentary for Good" program. That program worked with Women in news and sport. One of the goals of the program was to get more women reporting on sports. Yalovi is one of the first female Pacific Islander to be a sports commentator. She worked during the Women's World Cup and commentated in Fijian. Yalovi was also on three national sports teams. 

Yalovi plays many different sports. She grew up in Kadavu Island. As a child, she was not allowed to play soccer because she was a girl. Soccer was seem as a sport for boys. As a girl, she could play softball and netball. 

Yalovi's family moved to Suva for secondary and tertiary education. 

Yalovi became a social science teacher. She was asked be a sports coach at her school. She started learning soccer so she could coach girls to play it. She became really good at soccer. In one year she was on Fiji's national football team. 

Yalovi was on three of Fiji's national teams. She played football. Yalovi also played hockey and rugby. She participated in the Pacific Women’s Sports Leadership Program in Papua New Guinea. Yalovi is the national coordinator for the Get into Rugby PLUS program in Fiji. She works for the Fiji Football Association. She is in Australian government videos about international cooperation using sports. 

Yalovi commentates with Adele Willie and Jennesa Hinge Moli of Vanuatu. Kearney recruited them together. Willie and Moli have worked in media. Yalovi knows about sports. Together they can comment on games. Their first job together was at the Oceania Nations Cup. FIFA liked their work. FIFA invited them to come to France to work at the Women's World Cup.

Riley Silverman

Riley J. Silverman is an American author, writer, and comedian. She has a best selling comedy album called “Intimate Apparel”.

Silverman is an author of StarWars books. She made an appearance in the “Too Late” comedy horror film. 

Silverman was on Comedy Central's "Not Safe with Nikki Glaser." She was also in the STARZ TV series "Take My Wife", as Regan”. 

Silverman is also head writer for the quiz show podcast, "International Waters" (renamed "Troubled Waters)." She has a science fiction podcast called "Bubble." She did SyFy channel's limited podcast "Forgotten Women of Genre."

She headlined at Portland's Queer Comedy Festival. Silverman inspired the creation of HoliDames, an all-female comedy show that is performed every December in her hometown, Columbus, Ohio.

Silverman grew up in rural Ohio, near Columbus. As a child, Silverman wanted to be an inventor. Silverman is a transgender woman. She lives in Los Angeles, California. She is a life-long Star Wars fan. She likes cosplay.

Esmeralda Soria

Esmeralda Soria is an American politician. She is currently serving as a California State Assembly member. She represents California District 27. Soria's district covers Fresno, Madera, and Merced counties. Soria won the election on Tuesday, November 8th, 2021. She was sworn in on Monday, December 5th, 2022. Soria is a member of the Democratic Party.

Soria was born and raised in Visalia, Tulare County, a county in Central California. She is a first generation American. Her parents came to the United States from Michoacán, Mexico. She grew up working on a farm with her parents. Soria’s parents valued education and giving back to their community. She became interested in politics and law at a young age. Soria went to University of California, Berkeley for her undergraduate degree. She studied Political Science and Chicano/a Studies. She later attended University of California, Davis for a Juris Doctor. A Juris Doctor is a degree you need to be a lawyer. Soria was one of the sixty people accepted into Harvard University’s John F. Kennedy School of Executive Leadership Program.

Soria is one of five children. One sister is on the Lindsay City Council, in Tulare County, California. Another sister is on the board of directors of the Lindsay Unified School District. Soria's youngest sister is on the board of directors of the local hospital. She also has one brother.

After graduating from University of California, Berkeley, Soria began to work at the Sacramento State Capitol. She focused on women’s health, education, and public safety. She went to law school two years later. During her time in law school at University of California, Davis, she interned at the White House.

Soria worked as a legal clerk for California Rural Legal Assistance. She became Policy Advisor for California Assemblyman Henry T. Perea. She was District Director for State Senator Michael Rubio. She then became an adjunct professor at Fresno City College.

Soria was elected to the Fresno City Council in 2014. She was on the city council eight years. She was the only woman on the council. Soria represented more than 72,000 people from her community. She helped homeless people and worked for affordable housing. Soria also wanted better parks. Soria was a member of the Fresno City Council until her win as a California State Assembly member in 2022. She was elected president of the Council in 2018. She was the first Latina council president in Fresno city history.

Soria ran against US Congressperson Jim Costa for California District 16 in the United States Congress. She lost in the primary election to a Republican Party candidate, Kevin Cookingham.

Soria ran for the California State Assembly in 2022. She ran against Mark Pazin. The election was on November 4, 2022. The vote was very close: 51% for Soria, 49% for Pazin. She took office on December 5th 2022. Right now, she is working with a board of other assembly members.

Adriana Cerezo Iglesias

Adriana Cerezo Iglesias (born November 24, 2003) is a Spanish taekwondo artist. At only the age of 17, Cerezo had won a silver medal at the 2020 Tokyo Olympics, making her one of the youngest Spanish olympic athletes to ever compete in taekwondo. 

Cerezo was born in Alcalá de Henares, Spain. At the age of 4, she decided that she wanted to learn taekwondo. She quickly moved her way up through the ranks, and ended up winning a gold medal during her first time at the European Taekwondo Championships. 

Cerezo attended the Hankuk school and competed for their team. In 2020, she won a gold medal during her first time at the European Taekwondo Championships. Shortly after, Cerezo qualified to compete for Spain in the Tokyo Olympics. In 2021, Cerezo had won gold medals at the Turkish and Spanish open. In addition to this, she had also won a silver medal in the Tokyo Olympics which had been moved due to the COVID pandemic. Cerezo still competes in Taekwondo and is working towards the 2024 Paris Olympics. 

Cornufer mediodiscus

The Buka sticky-toed frog ("Cornufer gigas") is a frog. People have seen it on two islands of the Solomon Islands: Bougainville Island and Buka Island. These two islands are in Papua New Guinea. People saw the frog between 0 and 1230 meters above sea level.

Ariane 6

Ariane 6 is a European expendable launch system. In 2023, it was being developed. It has been in development since the early 2010s by ArianeGroup. They were creating it for the European Space Agency (ESA). The system was being built to replace the Ariane 5. The stated reason for Ariane 6 was that is was half the cost of Ariane 5. The new system would also increase the maximum number of launches each year from six or seven to up to eleven.

Ariane 6 is designed with two core stages. They are both powered by liquid hydrogen-liquid oxygen (hydrolox) engines. The first stage has a version of the Vulcain engine that is used on the Ariane 5. The second stage has a new design of the Vinci engine. Most of the lift-off thrust comes from solid rocket boosters attached to the first stage. There are two P120s on the Ariane 62 and four on the Ariane 64 variants. These are larger versions of the P80s used on the Vega rocket.

Two versions of Ariane 6 are being created:

She's Got a Way

"She's Got a Way" is a 1971 debut single by Billy Joel and originally released from his debut studio album "Cold Spring Harbour". It is better known as a live version from his 1981 album "Songs in the Attic". It went to number 23 in the United States and number 46 in Canada in early 1982.

Greater Lagos Fiesta

Greater Lagos Fiesta is an annual New Year's Eve event organized by the Lagos State Government through the Lagos State Ministry of Tourism, Art, and Culture.

The Greater Lagos Fiesta was established in the year 2012. The event was formerly known as Lagos countdown which was later renamed One Lagos Fiesta by Governor Akinwunmi Ambode in the year 2015 which is now known as Greater Lagos Fiesta. 

Greater Lagos Fiesta is usually a fun-filled entertainment event for people living in Lagos. According to the Lagos State Government, part of the reason for the event is to bring Lagosians together to have fun because activities of the event will be taken to them through the five major divisions of Lagos. The five locations and venues are, Eko Atlantic City, Victoria Island, Badagry Grammar School, Badagry, Agege Stadium, Agege, Ikorodu Town Hall, Ikorodu, and Epe Youth Center, Epe all in Lagos State.

It is also an opportunity for business owners to showcase their businesses and make a profit. No doubt, the fiesta has added also the economic growth of Lagos in terms of Tourism and Entertainment and other related sectors. In 2013, about 200,000 people celebrated the during ten-day nonstop activities of the fiesta and the city of Lagos earned about one billion naira.

Warfare in southern Ukraine during the Russo-Ukrainian War

Fighting in southern Ukraine during the Russo-Ukrainian War has been going on since 2014. The war between Russia and Ukraine became bigger in February 2022, when Russia invaded Ukraine. Fighting is still going on in southern Ukraine, as of 2023's fourth quarter.

The 2023 Ukrainian counteroffensive started in June.




During the Offensive on Mariupol, Russian and Russian-backed separatist troops supporting the Donetsk People's Republic moved towards the city of Mariupol. Fighting started in the outskirts of the city on September 6, 2014.


Vincent Boot

Vincent Boot (24 April 1945 – 17 January 2022) was a Dutch judoka.

Boot was active as competitive judoka during the 1960s and 1970s. He became five times Dutch national champion. He was selected to represent the Netherlands at international competitions, including for the 1973 World Judo Championships and 1974 European Judo Championships. After his active career he founded his own judo school "Budo Stichting Boot" where he gave for many years judo lessons. In 2020 he received an Order of Orange-Nassau.

Boot died in Zwolle on 17 January 2022, at the age of 76. His funeral was on 24 January and included a guard of honor of many martial artists.

Joop Worrell

Marinus Johannes Christiaan "Joop" Worrell (18 June 1938 – 17 January 2022) was a Dutch politician of the Labour Party.

He served as a alderman of Woudrichem from 1971 to 1974 and as a member of the House of Representatives of the Netherlands from 1974 to 1989. Afterwards he became mayor of Woudrichem between 1989 and 2001.

Worrell died in Woudrichem on 17 January 2022, at the age of 83.

Ab Blokker

Albert "Ab" Blokker (1945 – 15 January 2022) was a Dutch businessman. He was owner of Dutch retail chain .

Blokker built "Blokker Holding" together with his brother Jaap Blokker, with a series of important acquisitions in the 1980s and 1990s, including Bart Smit (1985), Leen Bakker, Casa (1988), Xenos (1989), Intertoys, Marskramer (1993) and Maxi Toys (1997). After the death of Jaap Blokker in July 2011, Ab remained the sole active family shareholder the Blokker group. However, he could not prevent the further decline of the chain and clashed with the innovative director Roland Palmer, who had to resign in 2015. In 2017, Ab Blokker stepped down as a member of the Supervisory Board. In 2021 he sold his interest in decoration chain Casa International to the management and investment company Globitas.

Blokker died on 15 January 2022, at the age of 76.

Jim Banks

James Edward Banks (born July 16, 1979) is an American politician. He is a member of the U.S. representative for since 2017. He is a Republican.

In January 2023, Banks announced his candidacy for the U.S. Senate in the e2024 election.

Huntsville metropolitan area

The Huntsville Metropolitan Statistical Area is a metropolitan statistical area on the northern border of Alabama. The metro area's principal city is Huntsville, and consists of two counties: Limestone and Madison.

Belk Hudson Lofts

Belk Hudson Lofts (also known as Fowler's Department Store or the Lowe-Kilgore Building) is an apartment building in Huntsville, Alabama. Originally theere were two buildings. The first was built on the corner of Washington Street and Holmes Avenue in 1930, and had Fowler's Department Store inside. The second building, next to the first along Holmes Avenue, was built in 1936 as a farm supply store. Fowler's Department Store went bankrupt in 1938, and Belk Husdon purchased the corner building in 1940. Beginning in 1944, they also leased the Holmes building, and the two were joined.

After Belk Husdon left the downtown Huntsville area, the building was changed into offices in the 1980s. The Holme's building was destroyed by fire in 2007. It was later rebuilt as a loft apartment building. The original face of the building survived the fire. The building was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1996.

List of programs broadcast by TBS/Current programming

This is a list of television programs currently broadcast by the cable television channel TBS in the United States.










Willibald Kirbes

Willibald Kirbes (29 June 1902 – 3 February 1990) was an Austrian footballer. He played as a forward for different teams from Vienna, mainly for SK Rapid, and the Austrian national football team.
The winger came to Rapid from the lower-class club Freiheit 14. He played his first games in the highest league in the 1922–23 season, in which the club also became Austrian champions. He had a regular place in the team from 1925 onwards. The team won the 1927 Austrian Cup versus FK Austria Wien, where he scored a goal in the 3-0 win. In the 1928–29 season, Rapid became champion,in the cup final there was a close 2:3 against Vienna, despite a goal from Kirbes. 1932 he finally went to FC Libertas Vienna, which he accompanied through their five first division years. 
Kirbes made his debut for the Austrian national team on 6 May 1928 in a game against Hungary in Budapest. He scored a goal. The match was the only one he played for the national team.

Wilhelm Morokutti

Wilhelm Morokutti also Wilhelm Morocutti (9 May 1900 in Wien, Austria-Hungary; 2 February 1962 in Oberneukirchen, Austria) was an Austrian footballer.
Morocutti grew up in Ober-St. Veit and came in 1914 at the age of 14 to the local Amateur SV. He was always called "Cutti" by the supporters of the club. As a result of the First World War, many of the regulars were not available. So he made his debut in the first team at the age of 16 in the position of left winger. In 1920 the amateurs reached the final of the ÖFB Cup for the first time. In 1921 a title was won for the first time with the cup victory against the Wiener Sport-Club, but Morocutti was not used in the final game. Finally he played as right winger where he became an important assistant giver for Kálmán Konrád and later for Gustav Wieser, Viktor Hierländer and Matthias Sindelar. After differences with the club's management he went to WAC in 1930.
In January 1922 he debuted for the national team in a 3–3 draw against Italy. He scored his first goal for the national team in April 1925. In total he played 17 international matches and scored five goals. 
He owned a company as a dental technician since 1924. After his football career ended he worked there. After the annexation of Austria in 1938, he worked again in the managment of FK Austria Wien. Morocutti applied for admission to the NSDAP on 28 May 1938 and was admitted (membership number 6,125,710).

Jurisdiction (area)

Jurisdiction is the official power to make legal decisions and judgements.

Every state in a federation has a separate jurisdiction.

Brendan Eich

Brendan Eich (born July 4, 1961) is an American computer programmer and technology executive. He is best known for developing and creating the JavaScript programming language. It is now used by 98.7% of websites.

Timeless Stories of El Salvador

Timeless Stories of El Salvador is a series of fairytales and legends by Salvadoran author Federico Navarrete. Each volume contains thirty-one fairytales and legends from all over El Salvador. Almost all stories were written informally in Poland. They are based on urban, colonial, and indigenous legends from mainly Pipil, Maya, and Lenca origins. This series of books is the first collection of Salvadoran folklore in English. Each story was adapted to reach the non-Spanish-speaking people.

The first volume contains:


The second volume contains:


Sietse Bosgra

Sietse Jan Bosgra (21 September 1935 – 8 January 2023) was a Dutch political activist against colonialism and apartheid.

Bosgra studied physics at the University of Amsterdam and graduated in nuclear physics. As a student he became involved in the resistance against colonialism. Bosgra was one of the founders of the "Angola Committee" in 1961, which was set up in response to the Portuguese repression in Angola. The committee's activities by also started supporting liberation movements in Guinea-Bissau, Mozambique and South Africa. In 1976 the committee was renamed the "Komitee Zuidelijk Afrika" (KZA). In 1977 he received the for the way in which he highlighted developing countries. In 1982, Bosgra was one of the initiators of the "UN Year Foundation for Sanctions against South Africa", which campaigned for a cultural boycott of South Africa because of the apartheid regime. In the 1980s, he also championed an oil embargo against South Africa.

When apartheid was no longer a current problem, Bosgra turned his attention more to the Middle East. In 2011, for example, he was one of the leaders of the resistance against the possible new police mission in Kunduz in Afghanistan.

Bosgra was involved with the (NiZA), later renamed ActionAid Netherlands, and he was secretary at the Netherlands Institute for Palestine-Israel (NIPI).

Bosgra died in Doorn on 8 January 2023, at the age of 87.

Marthe Bogaerts

Marthe Bogaerts was a French swimming administrator in the early 20th-century from Paris. 

Bogaerts served as the president of the Mouettes de Paris club between 1911 and 1920. This swimming club was a main women's swimming club in the early 20th-century; during the early phase of the French women's swimming. She was nicknamed "tambour-majeur" (major drummer). She is described as chairing the the club with "authority" but also with "dedication". During her presidency, the club grew to two hundred swimmers. 

After the foundation of the "Académie d'éducation physique et sportive de la femme", it had 1300 members in 1918. Bogaerts became responsible for the swimming section. Many swimmers became instructors including Yvonne Degraine, Georgette Houy, Berthe Conte and Suzanne Wurtz.

Bogaerts married to a sports journalist of newspaper "L'Auto". They lived in the 13th arrondissement of Paris. Their daughter Andrée Bogaerts (born 1903) was a swimmer. As a member of Mouettes de Paris she was was a competitive swimmer between 1912 and 1919. Her main achievements were winning the junior competition over 50 metre in Charenton-le-Pont in 1916 and finishing third in the 50 metre (behind Jeanne Decorne) and 80 metre at the "Grand prix de Paris des joutes à la lance" in 1919.

1. Favoritner FC Vorwärts 06 Wien

1. Favoritner FC Vorwärts 06 Wien was a Austrian football club from the Favoriten district of Vienna.
The club was founded on 4 December 1906 as the "Sportclub Favoritner Vorwärts". The club colors were set with black and white. Role models were the district neighbors ASV Hertha Vienna and SpC Rudolfshügel. For the championship, the club was classified in the 2nd class. In the first official championship season in 1911/12, the club finished in good fifth place. With the outbreak of the First world war in 1914, they stopped because most of the players were drafted into military service.

Immediately after the end of the war, former players and officials got together in 1918 to reactivate the club. The club was also renamed 1. Favoritner FC Vorwärts 06 Vienna. In the 1919/20 season they came back into the 2nd Class, but only came last and were relegated to the Third Class North. After two seasons in this class they became champion and should be promoted to 2. Class A. Due to accusation that the club had used unauthorized players and that witnesses close to him had made false statements, 1. FFC Vorwärts 06 was excluded from the association. After clarification of this matter,Vorwärts was allowed to play again in the 2nd class south in the 1923/24 season. 

The next years became an integral part of the second class. In the 1941/42 season they came second behind the BSG Reichsbahn I. The next season they became champion but had to play two relegation matches versus SC Austria Donauarbeiter. With an score of 5:2 Vorwärts had qualified for the promotion round to the Gauliga. In the promotion round itself two victories against the Fußballgemeinschaft Salzburg and a draw against SK Amateure Steyr were only enough for second place behind Steyer.

In the 1945/46 season they qualified for the 1st class in Vienna, from which the Favoritner were relegated in the following season. After years in the lower classes the game operation was stopped in 2014.

Jaap van Benthem

Jacob Barend "Jaap" van Benthem (23 December 1937 – 9 January 2023) was a Dutch musicologist. He was specialized in the field of fifteenth-century Franco-Flemish composers.

Van Benthem was born in Rotterdam in 1937. He was the eldest child in a family of teachers. As a result of the German bombing of Rotterdam in 1940, the family became homeless, after which they found shelter in Delft. In Delft he attended primary school. He attended secondary school in Rotterdam. Like his family members, he studied for becoming a teacher. However, from the age of 12 years old he also studied piano at the Conservatory of Rotterdam by Jaap Callenbach. He also studied music theory in Utrecht. In 1963 he started working as a teacher of music theory at Utrechts Conservatorium, and became also appointed in Rotterdam and Amsterdam. From 1972 he taught at the Utrecht University. After his retirement he remained active at the university for a long time. He also held a number of administrative positions, including being the vice-chairman of the Association for Dutch Music History. In 2017 the association published a "Festschrift" in honor of his 80th birthday. He was made an honorary member of the association in 2022.

Van Benthem became known for his studies on various Dutch composers from the fifteenth century. He had special interest in Josquin des Prez (1450-1521). He wrote numerous articles about the composer and edited a number of volumes of the New Josquin Edition, in which all works by the fifteenth-century composer were published. He co-edited a new edition of the masses and motets by Johannes Ockeghem (1410-1497). In one of his last studies, Van Benthem was able to trace and perform works of composer Johannes Tourout, who was hardly known until then. Another specialty was the music of Dutch composers from the period 1880-1940, including co-writing a biography of Johan Wagenaar.

Van Benthem gave small-scale concerts, including in Nieuwerbrug and Linschoten. He was was married to the soprano singer Louise de Koning. They lived in Woerden. Van Benthem died there on 9 January 2023, at the age of 85. He was cremated in Utrecht.

Yue Xin

Yue Xin (; born ) is a Chinese student activist and graduate from Peking University who disappeared on 23 August 2018.

"BBC News" described Yue as one of China's most influential left-wing activists of 2018. A Marxist and feminist, she was known for her advocacy of labour and women's rights prior to her disappearance.

Jos Van Riel

Jozef "Jos" Van Riel (16 November 1943 – 19 January 2023) was a Belgian footballer who played as a right-back defender.

Van Riel started playing football in . He later played in Kalmthout and afterwards at Sportkring Sint-Niklaas in Sint-Niklaas and at K.F.C. Diest in Diest. In 1973 he signed a contract with Royal Antwerp F.C.. He played for the team 99 matches in the Belgian Pro League, the Belgian Cup and in UEFA Europa League matches. Playing as a defender he had shirt number one and still scored eight league goals. In his first two seasons, he became vice champion of Belgium at the 1973–74 Belgian First Division and 1974–75 Belgian First Division. In its third and last year he finished with the team eleventh at the 1975–76 Belgian First Division. In 1975 he was on the team during the 1974-75 Belgian Cup where they lost from R.S.C. Anderlecht with 1-0.

Van Riel died on 19 January 2023, at the age of 79.

Madonna of the Trail

Madonna of the Trail is a series of 12 monuments dedicated to the spirit of pioneer women in the United States. The monuments were commissioned by the National Society of Daughters of the American Revolution (NSDAR). The monuments were built in each of the 12 states on the National Old Trails Road from Cumberland, Maryland, to Upland, California.

The monuments were created by sculptor August Leimbach. The "Madonna of the Trail" monuments were meant to be symbols of the courage of the women who aided in conquering the wilderness and creating permanent homes. The statues were dedicated in 1928 and 1929. They have became sources of local pride. All of the monuments are currently in good condition and on display. 

There is one monument in each of the 12 states along the National Old Trails Highway (much of which later became U.S. Highway 40 and U.S. Highway 66). The monuments in order of dedication are:

Viet Thanh Nguyen

Viet Thanh Nguyen (Vietnamese: Nguyễn Thanh Việt; born March 13, 1971) is a Vietnamese-American novelist and non-fiction writer. He teaches at the University of Southern California in Los Angeles.

Nguyen won the 2016 Pulitzer Prize for Fiction for his first novel, "The Sympathizer". That book also won the Dayton Literary Peace Prize and the Center for Fiction First Novel Prize. He was given a MacArthur Foundation Fellowship and a Guggenheim Fellowship in 2017. Nguyen writes opinion essays about immigration, refugees, politics, culture and South East Asia for The New York Times.

Nguyen was born in Ban Mê Thuột, Viet Nam (now spelled Buôn Mê Thuột). He came to the United States as a refugee in 1975 with his family. At first, they settled in Fort Indiantown Gap, Pennsylvania. That was one of four places in the U. S. for Vietnamese refugees to live. After that, they moved to Harrisburg, Pennsylvania. His family lived there until 1978 when they moved to San Jose, California.

After high school in San Jose, Nguyen went to college at the University of California, Berkeley. He graduated with degrees in English and ethnic studies. He stayed at Berkeley for a Ph.D. in English. Then he moved to Los Angeles to teach at the University of Southern California.


H.D.

Hilda Doolittle (September 10, 1886 – September 27, 1961) was an American poet, novelist, and memoirist who wrote under the name H.D.

H. D. was born in Bethlehem, Pennsylvania. She went to college at Bryn Mawr. The poet Marianne Moore was in her class there. Later she went to the University of Pennsylvania. There she became friends with the poets Ezra Pound and William Carlos Williams. She went to Europe in 1911, and she never lived in the United States again.

Ezra Pound introduced her to many poets and writers in Europe. In 1913 Pound sent some of her poems to <nowiki>"Poetry"</nowiki> magazine, and they were printed. H. D. became connected to the poetry movement that Pound called "imagism". In 1913 she also married the poet Richard Aldington.

In 1918 H. D. became a close friend and lover of Winifred Ellerman, a novelist who used the name Bryher. They lived together for forty years.

H. D. wrote many books of poetry in the 1920s. Critics gave them good reviews. Many of her poems imagined the thoughts and lives of women from Greek mythology. She connected the old stories to her own life. She used them to speak about women's lives and love.

H. D. was interested in Freudian psychology. She read much about it. In the early 1930s she began psychoanalysis with Sigmund Freud himself. This had a big effect on her writing.

During World War II, H. D. wrote three books of poetry that together were called "Trilogy". This work showed her thoughts about the violence of the world and her belief in "survival against the forces of death."

H.D. died in Zurich, Switzerland on September 27, 1961.




Niggas in Paris

"Niggas in Paris" (edited for radio as In Paris or Paris or censored on the album as Ni**as in Paris) is a hip hop song by American rappers Kanye West and Jay-Z. aswell as the number one kanye rider vilde winther .It is from their collaborative studio album, Watch the Throne. It was released on September 13, 2011. On the week of the album's release, it reached number 75 at the Billboard Hot 100. It later debuted to number 5. In the United Kingdom, "Niggas in Paris" peaked within the top 10 of the UK's charts. As of 2018, it has sold 6.7 million archetype digital units in the United States. The song won Best Rap Performance and Best Rap Song at the 55th Grammy Awards..

Cream soda

Cream soda is a type of soft drink. It's flavored with vanilla and it's made to taste like an ice cream float. Many types of cream soda are made around the world.

Piet van Putten

Piet van Putten sometimes wrongly written as Piet Van Putten (23 February 1941 – 13 January 2023) was a Dutch-born Belgian stage and television actor.

Van Putten was mainly a stage actor and had his own puppets theatre shows between 1984 and 2002. He played in the Netherlands and Belgium. He became widely known, playing Pepijn in the Belgian puttet television series "". He played in all the four seasons between 1983 and 1987. He also played magician Pepijn in the Belgian television series "Samson en Gert" in the 1991 episode named "De leerling-goochelaar". He said goodbye as a stage actor in September 2006 at the "CC Ter Dilft" in Bornem.

Van Putten was married to Lidia Van Hoorde, who travelled with him during his theatre shows. They had a son Maarten and a granddaughter Jorunn. He died in Bornem on 13 January 2023, at the age of 81.

Serenade for Thirteen Wind Instruments

Serenade for Thirteen Wind Instruments may refer to:


Cornufer macrosceles

The Ti wrinkled ground frog ("Cornufer macrosceles") is a frog. People have only seen it in one place: in the Nakanai Mountains on New Britain Island in Papua New Guinea. People have seen this frog about 900 meters above sea level.

Sports league

A sports league is a sport organization that is made up of many players or teams. These teams compete against each other to chose the league champion. Some leagues use a points system to pick their champion. Other leagues use a playoff system to pick their champion.

Vimeo

Vimeo, Inc. () is an American online video sharing website/service.


Sholinganallur taluk

Sholinganallur taluk is a taluk (a type of administrative division) in Chennai, Tamil Nadu, India. It was created in 2009. 548,654 people lived there in 2011.

Julien Goekint

Julien Goekint (8 October 1929 – 20 January 2023) was a Belgian politician and a member of the Christian Social Party. Goekint was mayor of Ostend between 1980 and 1997.

Goekint was born in Bredene in 1929. He worked in his father's printing house since his early years. In the 1960s, the company move to the new industrial park, where Goekint continued to build the company. Jan Piers convinced him to become of party member of the Christian Social Party. With some doubt Goekint accepted the offer. A few years later he succeeded Piers as mayor of Ostend on 7 November 1980. He served as the mayor of the city for almost 17 years. Meanwhile two of his sons build the company. Ostend continued to grow under his mayorship. Goekint served as the basis of a large number of projects. In 1992 he organized a competition for renewal of Casino-Kursaal Oostende; but in 1994 the plans for a new building were were not continued. The Port of Ostend and Ostend–Bruges International Airport also continued to grow during the time of Goekint as mayor.

On 7 May 1997 Goekint resigned as mayor and was succeeded by Jean Vandecasteele. After founding the of Port of Ostend, he became he first managing director.

Goekint was married with Georgette Sleuyter. They were married for seventy years in August 2020. He died in Ostend on 20 January 2023, at the age of 93.

Nico van Nieuwenhuysen

Nicolaas "Nico" van Nieuwenhuysen (14 November 1889 – 1967) was a Dutch physician. During World War II he was cruel camp doctor of Kamp Amersfoort and later on the Eastern Front.

Before World War II Nieuwenhysen worked as a general practitioner. Because his practice was going downhill during World War II due to his pro-German attitude, he accepted the German offer to come and work in Kamp Amersfoort. He was doctor there between September 1941 and March 1942 and worked as a surgeon. Van Nieuwenhuysenhad neglected, abused, starved, and exposed his patients to disease. Van Nieuwenhuysen abused patients whom he believed were simulating an illness, to escape the strict regime in the camp. He had kicked and beaten the prisoners and made them bend their knees until exhaustion, withheld medical care from them, did not provide them with medicines when they were available, did not give them spiritual assistance and did not isolate them when they had a contagious disease; Jews and Soviet prisoners of war in particular. In September 1941 hundred and one Soviet soldiers entered the camp. During their stay they were not treated or cared for. Many died from an illness, malnutrition or abuse. After six months, the soldiers who were still alive where shot. Nieuwenhusen had the heads of two dead Russians amputated and boiled, and placed the skulls on his desk as 'trophies'. In 1942 Radio Oranje named him "De Beul of Amersfoort" (The Executioner of Amersfoort).

In March 1942 he left Kamp Amersfoort voluntarily and moved with the "Schutzstaffel" to the Eastern Front.

After World War II Van Nieuwenhuysen was detained in the prison in Leeuwarden. For his activities during the war he was sentenced in 1950 to twenty years in prison and received a lifelong professional ban. This has been the heaviest sentence imposed on a doctor after World War II. Van Nieuwenhysen died in 1967.

General practitioner Adriaan van Es and journalist Arjeh Kalmann did for four years research on Van Nieuwenhuysen. They wrote the book "Maar ik ben geen schooier" about Van Nieuwenhuysen, that was published in January 2023.

Ghislaine Nuytten

Ghislaine Monique Romain Nuytten (17 September 1954 – 18 January 2022) was a Belgian model, television presenter and journalist.

Nuytten started her modeling career in 1977. She was the first Flemish international top model. She worked for known designers including Giorgio Armani, Jean Paul Gaultier and Gianni Versace. Between 1985 and 1997, she presented the fashion programs "Blikvanger" and "Look" for the BRT. At Radio Donna she had a lifestyle section in the program "Vrouwentongen". In later years she was a member of the jury for several seasons of "Top Model" and "Benelux's next top model" on VTM, television series in search of new talent.

Nuytten died on 18 January 2022 from a heart attack, at the age of 67.

Hummie van der Tonnekreek

Alida Helena "Hummie" van der Tonnekreek (16 April 1945 – 19 January 2022) was a Dutch journalist and editor.

Van der Tonnekreek started working as an editor at "Margriet", but later she made career as a reporter at the gossip magazine '. She then worked for a short time at ' and finally was editor-in-chief at ' and "AvantGarde", where she left after a conflict in 1998. Van der Tonnekreek became known to the public when she became editor-in-chief of the television series "Big Brother" in 1999. She was the all editions editor-in-chief untill Big Brother 6 in 2006. She was also editor-in-chief of the reality series ', "" and "Hotel Big Brother". In 2011, she was involved as a consultant on the Big Brother spin-off "Secret Story".

Van der Tonnekreek had lung cancer She died in Hillegom on 19 January 2022, at the age of 76.

Jeff Hamilton

Jeffrey Alan "Jeff" Hamilton (born 22 November 1966 – 10 January 2023) was an American speed skier.

Hamilton competed at the 1992 Winter Olympics in the speed skiing demonstration event. In this event he finished third behind the French Michael Prufer and Philippe Goitschel. In 1995, Hamilton became the first skier to go fasther than 150 miles/hour (241 km/hour) and he held the world record between 1995 and 1997. He became three times world champion between 1998 and 2000, he also medalled in two other years. He also set a world record for in-line speed skating at 65 miles/hour (104.5 km/hour).

Hamilton attended Placer High School in Auburn. He had a ski shop in Aspen, Colorado. He died in Truckee, California on 10 January 2023 at the age of 56.

Jacques Boël

Jacques Pol Pascal Marie Ghislain Boël (31 March 1929 – 21 January 2022) was a Belgian industrialist.

Boël studied for civil engineer. He headed among others the steelworks "Usines Gustave Boël". He sold the group's steel activities to Tata Steel Netherlands in 1997 and Duferco in 1999. From then he focused on the financial sector. Later he was a director at "Union Financière Boël" and chairman of Domanoy, a domain of 2200 ha in Court-Saint-Étienne owned by the Boël family.

Boël married Sybille de Selys Longchamps (1941) on 11 September 1962, but divorced in 1978. Boës was known to the general public as the legal father for fifty years of Delphine Boël. However she could prove that she was the daughter of Albert II of Belgium and so became Princess of Belgium in 2020.

Boël died on 21 January 2022, at the age of 92.

Chan Chun Sing

Chan Chun Sing (; born 9 October 1969) is a Singaporean politician and former major-general. He has been the Minister for Education since 2021. He has been the Minister-in-charge of Public Service since 2018. Chan is a member of the governing People's Action Party (PAP). He has been the Member of Parliament (MP) representing the Buona Vista division of Tanjong Pagar GRC since 2011.

Chan grew up in a single-parent household and has a sister, Chan Siew Yin. Chan is married with a daughter and two sons. He is a fan of Everton F.C.

Chan studied at Raffles Institution, Raffles Junior College, Christ's College, Cambridge and MIT Sloan School of Management.

He was awarded the President's Scholarship, Singapore Armed Forces Overseas Scholarship and the Lee Kuan Yew Scholarship before.

Chan joined into the Singapore Army in 1987, and attained the rank Major-General.

On 26 March 2010, Chan became Chief of Army. 

Chan stepped down from his job and left the Singapore Armed Forces on 25 March 2011 in order to contest in the 2011 general election.

Chan joined politics in the 2011 general election as part of the five-member People's Action Party (PAP) team contesting in Tanjong Pagar GRC. He represented the Buona Vista section. The team won and he was elected as a Member of Parliament.

He has served as Minister of State for Information, Communications and the Arts, Senior Minister of State for Defence, Second Minister for Defence and Minister for Social and Family Development. Other include Minister in the Prime Minister's Office, Minister for Trade and Industry.

He is currently serving as Minister for Education since 2021 and Minister-in-charge of Public Service since 2018.


Cornufer minutus

The tiny sticky-toed frog ("Cornufer minutus") is a frog. It lives on Bouganville Island in the part of the Solomon Islands that is in Papua New Guinea. People have seen this frog between 300 and 900 meters above sea level.

X Development

X Development LLC is an American research and development facility and organization. It was founded by Google in January 2010 as Google X. It is a subsidiary of Alphabet, Inc. X's mission is to invent and launch "moonshot" technologies.

Socialist Workingmen's Party

Socialist Workingmen's Party (Turkish: Sosyalist Emekçiler Partisi; SEP) is a communist political party based in Turkey. The party was founded in 2016.

The SEP fights for socialism, where social equality is ensured all over the world, and the capitalist system is buried in history with the coming to power of the workers. On this basis, the October Revolution of 1917; He followed in the footsteps of Marx, Engels, Lenin, and Trotsky. The founder of revolutionary Marxism in Turkey, in his own words, is the continuation of Mustafa Suphi, who came to Anatolia to establish a "workers and peasants council government on the way of world communism".

He argues that ethno-religious divisions, nationalism, imperialist and capitalist systems in Turkey and the Middle East can only be responded to with the class struggle of the working people and the oppressed. It aims to build a Leninist revolutionary vanguard party to create a socialist Middle East, to organize the workers and oppressed to abolish capitalist private property. 

The SEP claims that the working class can come to power and that the only revolutionary program of the socialist revolution in the 21st century is the program of permanent revolution. 

Considering the internationalist struggle indispensable, the SEP has carried out theoretical productions and practical organizational activities in order to build a new international since the beginning of the tradition. The party was among the founders of the International Socialist Union (ISL), whose founding steps were taken at the 2019 Barcelona Conference. SEP left ISL in September 2022 due to the NATOist tendencies of Argentina-MST, one of the three main sections of ISL, and the Ukrainian nationalist statements and actions of the leader of the Ukrainian section. SEP explains the detailed reasons for leaving ISL in "Letter to ISL Members: Why Did We Leave ISL?" published his article. In this process, party theorists produced theoretical explanations about the imperialist rivalry in the world and the US-China tension. 

SEP, Socialist Middle East continues its internationalist organization activities through its website. As a result, the "İnqilabin səsi" ("Voice of Revolution") was established with Azerbaijani revolutionary Marxists in November 2022. The "İnqilabin səsi" noting that Azerbaijani and Armenian workers are brothers, he stressed that the enemyhood between Azerbaijan and Armenia should be ended immediately.

Provins

Provins is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Seine-et-Marne department in north-central France. Provins is known for its medieval architecture and became a UNESCO World Heritage Site in 2001.


Almada

Almada is a city and municipality in Portugal. It is in the Setúbal District. In 2011, 174,030 people lived there.

Taquara

Taquara is an Brazilian city in the state of Rio Grande do Sul. It is from the state capital Porto Alegre. 57,584 people lived here in 2020 and its area is 480 km².

Saint-Martin-sur-Écaillon

Saint-Martin-sur-Écaillon is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 506 people lived there.


Saint-Momelin

Saint-Momelin is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 425 people lived there.


Saint-Python

Saint-Python is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 1,027 people lived there.


Saint-Remy-Chaussée

Saint-Remy-Chaussée is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 511 people lived there.


Saint-Remy-du-Nord

Saint-Remy-du-Nord is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 1,095 people lived there.


Saint-Sylvestre-Cappel

Saint-Sylvestre-Cappel is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 1,160 people lived there.


Saint-Vaast-en-Cambrésis

Saint-Vaast-en-Cambrésis is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 853 people lived there.


Saint-Waast

Saint-Waast is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 640 people lived there.


Salesches

Salesches is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 327 people lived there.


Salomé, Nord

Salomé is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 2,945 people lived there.


Eta Persei

Eta Persei (η Persei) is a binary star in the constellation Perseus. The stars that make the binary system are called Eta Persei A and Eta Persei B. Eta Persei A is also called Miram.

Frank O'Hara

Francis Russell "Frank" O'Hara (March 27, 1926 – July 25, 1966) was an American poet, art critic, and curator.

O'Hara was born in Baltimore, Maryland and grew up in Grafton, Massachusetts. He studied piano at the New England Conservatory in Boston from 1941 to 1944. During the last years of World War II, he served in the U.S. Navy in the South Pacific and Japan on a destroyer. After the war he attended Harvard University. At first, he studied music but then changed to English to become a writer. His roommate at Harvard was the artist Edward Gorey. He also became friends there with the poet John Ashbery.

O'Hara lived in New York City from 1951 until his death in 1966. In time, he and his poet-friends came to be known as The New York Poets. This group included Ashbery, James Schuyler, Barbara Guest, and Kenneth Koch. He also got to know many young New York artists, such as Larry Rivers, Jane Freilicher, Fairfield Porter, Joan Mitchell, Alex Katz, Jasper Johns, and Jackson Pollock.

O'Hara worked at the Museum of Modern Art. He put together exhibitions of art. He wrote catalogs and essays for those art shows. He made plans for the shows to travel to other cities.

He was not well-known as a poet until some of his poems were printed in "The New American Poetry" in 1960. This was a collection of many younger poets who were writing in original ways.

He published two important books of poetry in his lifetime, "Meditations in an Emergency" (1956) and "Lunch Poems" (1964). He wrote different kinds of poems. Some are very short and others are very long. Some use language in difficult ways. Others are very direct and sound like ordinary talking about the ordinary things he does in the city.

O'Hara's early death in 1966 was caused by a motor accident on the beach at Fire Island, New York.



Jeremy Boreing

Jeremy Boreing (born February 5, 1979) is an American political commentator and businessman who is the co-founder of The Daily Wire. Boreing starred in the movie Lady Ballers. 

Kappa Persei

Kappa Persei is a triple star system in the constellation Perseus.
It is 113 light-years away from the Sun.

Saméon

Saméon is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 1,707 people lived there.


Santes

Santes is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 5,608 people lived there.


Sars-Poteries

Sars-Poteries is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 1,437 people lived there.


Sassegnies

Sassegnies is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 259 people lived there.


Saultain

Saultain is a commune. It is in the Nord department in north France.

London Buses route SL7

London Buses route SL7 is a Transport for London bus route in London, England. It runs between Heathrow Airport and West Croydon bus stations and is operated by London General. It is the longest bus route in London, at 23.75 miles long. However, it only stops at certain stops because it is an express route.

It was renamed from X26 to SL7 on 19 August 2023, as part of the Superloop plan.

Route SL7 operates via these locations:

Schleicher ASK 21

The Schleicher ASK 21 is a two-seat glider produced by Alexander Schleicher GmbH & Co.

The glider is made out of glass-reinforced plastic. It's designed for beginners.

But it's also used for aerobatics and cross-country flying. 

The ASK 21 is designed by Rudolf Kaiser. He made it to replace the old ASK 13. It's still in production to this day.

Something interesting is the T-shape tail that the glider has. Around a 1000 units where build. 

It is the first glass-reinforced plastic glider made by Schleicher. It first flew in February of 1979.

In 2018 a new glider got introduced, the Schleicher ASK 21B.


Improved version of the original ASK 21. New features: automatic control connections, internal spin ballast, revised canopy, more effective ailerons.

General characteristics


Performance





Quiet room

A room that is quiet. A silent room. An enclosed space with no sounds. 
This may be used for people that feel: overstimulated, anxious, stressed, etc. 
It could be an effective way for a person experiencing the previously mentioned to relax and feel better.

A quiet room may be most effective if it contains things that are of comfort or liking to the user of the said 'quiet room'.
They can spend certain time in the said room doing things that the person considers calming activities.
If you're ever stressed, consider trying the quiet room method to see if it's of any help to you.

Ruud Englebert

Ruud Englebert (1950 – 19 January 2023) was a Dutch bass guitarist and composer.

Englebert was a bass guitarist for over fifty years. He was a member of among others Herman Brood & His Wild Romance, Vitesse and . 

Englebert started becoming known in the 1970s as a member of the bands Fruit and Hollander. In the 1980s he was part of the band Vitesse, with whom he made the known song that was eight weeks in the Dutch Top 40 and eleven weeks in the . As a member of others Herman Brood & His Wild Romance he contributed as bass guitarist and composer to the 1988 album Yada Yada, with which Herman Brood made his musical comeback at the time.

In the 1990s he was mainly active as a session musician in Germany. Englebert later returned to the Netherlands and was a long-standing member of the music group of Thé Lau and of the group of Frédérique Spigt.

Englebert died from an illness in the night from 18 to 19 January at the age of 72. People who paid tribute to his death includes Henkjan Smits.

Khatri Chhetri

The "Khatri Chhetri" (K.C.) is a subgroup within the Chhetri community of Nepal. Essentially, they are Tagadhari Chhetri, descendants of a Brahmin father and a Khas mother. The Khatri subgroup includes more than 100 different sub-surnames, such as Bhattarai Khatri, Niraula Khatri, Poudel Khatri, Subedi Khatri, Gautam Khatri, Rijal Khatri, and so on.

In the Karnali Province, Neupane Khatri and Acharya Khatri are the prominent Khatri groups. In the Lumbini Province, Gautam Khatri, Rijal Khatri, and Subedi Khatri are dominant. The Gandaki Province sees Poudel Khatri as the prominent Khatri subgroup. Moving to the eastern part of Nepal, you'll find Pudasaini Khatri and Humagain Khatri in the Bagmati Province. In the Koshi Province, Niraula Khatri and Dahal Khatri are dominant.

Their diet mostly consists of goats and sheep. The Chhetri are indigenous native speakers of the Nepali language, which is an Indo-Iranian language. The Khas people have been referred as "Parbatiya," "Pahari," or "Gorkhali". The Khas make up about 31% of Nepal's population. However, the word “Khas” is not used much in modern times. The Khas usually call themselves by their group names, like Bahun and Kshetri.

Precious Time (album)

Precious Time is the third studio album by Pat Benatar and was released 6 July, 1981 through Chrysalis Records. It went to number 1 in the United States and number 2 in Canada and New Zealand.

St. Thomas Anglican Primary School, Badagry

St. Thomas Anglican Primary School established in 1845 in Badagry, Lagos state, is the first primary school in Nigeria.

St Thomas Anglican primary school is the first primary school in Nigeria founded by Rev. Golmer of the church missionary society in 1845. The school started where the first storey building is today. Mr Philips was known to be the first teacher and headmaster from 1845 to 1867.

Anahita

Anahita is the Old Persian name of an Iranian goddess. The complete and earlier form of the name is (""). She is the Indo-Iranian goddess of "the Waters" (Aban), This makes her associated with fertility, healing and wisdom. There is a temple named Anahita in Iran. 

Aredvi Sura Anahita is Ardwisur Anahid (اردویسور آناهید ) or Nahid (ناهید) in Middle and Modern Persian. She is "Anahit" in Armenian. A cult of Aredvi Sura Anahita was "introduced apparently in the 4th century BCE and lasted until it was suppressed in the wake of an iconoclastic movement under the Sassanids." The symbol of goddess Anahita is the Lotus flower. Lotus Festival (Persian: Jashn-e Nilupar) is an Iranian festival. It is held on the sixth day of July. 


Ælfric of Eynsham

Ælfric of Eynsham (/ˈælfrɪʧ əv ˈɛnʃəm/; c. 955 – c. 1010) was an English Benedictine monk, priest, and abbot, and a student of Æthelwold of Winchester. He is also known as "Ælfric of Cerne", "Ælfric the Grammarian" ("Alfricus Grammaticus"), and "Ælfric the Homilist".

Ælfric was one of the most important authors of Anglo-Saxon literature. He produced many religious and educational texts in Old English and several texts in Latin. He wrote over 160 homilies (biblical commentaries) and (biographies of saints). Later he translated the Book of Genesis and other parts of the Bible from Latin. He also wrote three books to help young monks learn Latin: the bilingual "Grammar" and "Glossary", and the Latin "Colloquy".

Ælfric’s homilies and lives of saints describe Christian events, beliefs, and history in simple, clear language so that common Englishmen could understand. Compared to the homilies of (Archbishop of York), Ælfric’s texts focus more on the ideas of humility, compassion, and God’s mercy. His works also inform us of the Christian practices and the lives of monks after the English Benedictine Reform.

In the past, some historians confused Ælfric with two other Christian leaders of the time: Ælfric Puttoc (Archbishop of York) and Ælfric of Abingdon (Archbishop of Canterbury).

Little is known about Ælfric’s early life. He was born around the year 955, most likely in the region of Wessex. He was educated from a young age in the monastery of Winchester by Æthelwold, who at the time was Bishop of Winchester. Æthelwold was also one of the leading figures of the English Benedictine Reform, which aimed to replace secular priests in England with monks. This was at the time of the unified Kingdom of England, before it became a part of the North Sea Empire.

In 987, Ælfric was sent from Winchester to the newly established Cerne Abbey – located in Cerne Abbas (sometimes referred to as Cernel) in the county of Dorset. Cerne Abbey was founded by Ælfric’s patron, Æthelmær. He was also the same person who asked the bishop of Winchester to send Ælfric there to serve as a monk and mass-priest. At Cerne Abbey, Ælfric came up with the idea of writing his homilies to make the word of God easier to understand for ordinary people. He also wanted to write in the language spoken by them (Old English). He decided to rewrite many biblical commentaries by some older cleric scholars from Latin to Old English, using less complex language as well. Over time, Æthelmær and his father Æthelweard became Ælfric’s good friends. Ælfric likely left Cerne Abbey in 989 and returned to Winchester. It is not clear if he spent the following years there, but they were the most productive time of his life.

In 1005, Æthelmær founded the monastery of Eynsham near Oxford and chose Ælfric to be its abbot. In Eynsham, Ælfric continued writing and revising his earlier works and he stayed there until his death. The year of his death is not certain, with some sources claiming it happened around 1010 and others saying he died around 1025.

At Cerne Ælfric started working on his two series of homilies, "Sermones catholici". It is uncertain how many entries were of his own creation, but it is agreed that they were mostly a compilation from various Latin sources. Mostly, Ælfric only played the role of the translator, because most of his works were written in Old English. In the Preface to his Homilies, he stresses that most religious texts of the time were written in Latin, which made them inaccessible to common people. He also points out that the existing translations into Old English contain errors: “I would turn this book from the Latin language into the English tongue … because I have seen and heard of much error in many English books, which unlearned men, through their simplicity, have esteemed as great wisdom”. His Homilies deal with gospels, doctrine of the church, as well as major events of the Christian year.

Later, he wrote a collection of three works designed to help students learn Latin, in which he translated the Latin grammar into Old English: The "Grammar", the "Glossary," and the conversation practice "Colloquy".

Ælfric’s "Grammar" is the earliest surviving textbook written in English. As noted by Melinda J. Menzer, it was also one of the most popular books in 11- and 12-century England. This is based on the number of surviving copies in fourteen different manuscripts. Quite surprisingly, in the preface to "Grammar" Ælfric explains to his students that the book is intended to teach both Latin and English. This, however, has become a dispute among scholars, who generally agree that the text does not, in fact, teach any English. The idea of studying vernacular (the local language) instead of Latin was unusual for Ælfric’s time.

The "Glossary" was used to study vocabulary. Although the "Grammar" included some Latin and Old English vocabulary, those words were chosen to portray specific grammatical points. The "Glossary", on the other hand, included around 1250 words grouped together into categories, such as parts of the body, occupations, birds etc.

The "Colloquy", meaning ‘conversation’, was written in the form of a dialogue between a teacher and his students who occupied different professions, such as a hunter, a ploughman, or a merchant. It was written for schoolchildren aged seven and above. The characters describe their jobs and lives, thus offering a glimpse into the activities of “the middle and lower classes of Anglo-Saxon society – a picture which is rarely found in Old English literature." It is also a valuable document in terms of language - although it was intended for Latin practice, one manuscript also included continuous Old English translations and glosses. For example:

Interrogo uos cur tam diligenter discitis?

Ic ahsige eoþ forhƿi sƿa geornlice leorni ȝe? 

[I ask you, why are you so keen to learn?]

Ælfric later worked on another series of homilies called "Lives of the Saints", written as a collection of hagiographies. This work was intended for reading rather than preaching, and its purpose was clearly instructional.

Old English (the first six books of the Bible), created in the 11th century, is the earliest example of an English translation of these texts. Ælfric wrote the preface and translated a part of Genesis. It is not clear who Ælfric collaborated with for this translation. Peter Clemoes proposed that the rest of the manuscript was compiled by , while Peter Baker claims that it was done by an anonymous author. The work contained over 400 illustrations of important biblical events. Notable is the use of Old English as opposed to Latin, for this translation, suggesting that intended recipients of this translation were not only the highly educated, but also the common people. This translation includes two accounts of the granting of the Ten Commandments, which, together with the , provided a framework for the early English law.

Ælfric has been often praised for the uniformity of his Old English language and vocabulary. His writings have become the “model for modern analysis of the language”, in which he rejected the complicated style of his contemporary Old English writings. Instead, he created “an elegant and balanced prose, using simpler vocabulary and structures." In the words of Benjamin Thorpe, Ælfric’s works were expressed in “language which may be pronounced a pure specimen of our noble, old, Germanic mother-tongue”.

Cornufer nexipus

The Baining wrinkled ground frog ("Cornufer nexipus") is a frog. Scientists have only seen it in one place: the Baining Mountains on New Britain Island. New Britain Island is in Papua New Guinea on the Bismarck Archipelago.

Psi (Cyrillic)

Psi (Ѱ, ѱ) is a letter in the Cyrillic alphabet. It is used in Church Slavonic. It is based on the Greek letter Psi (letter). It was used to write Greek words.

ReShonda Young

ReShonda Young is an American entrepreneur who founded the first Black-owned bank in the United States in over twenty years. She started and franchised a popcorn business, Popcorn Heaven. In 2020, Young won a lawsuit against the United States Government. She claimed that the government's Consumer Financial Protection Bureau was not following the law to help end discrimination against women-owned and Black-owned businesses. Young is also the director of an organization that supports Black business owners in Waterloo, Iowa, United States.

Tesla (band)

Tesla is an American rock band from Sacramento, California.

In February 2008, Tesla helped fund headlinded a benefit concert victim of the Station nightclub fire.

Tesla's music is generally categorized as glam metal, hard rock and heavy metal.

The band stated artists like Aerosmith, Ace Frehley, AC/DC, Boston, Mott the Hoople, Scorpions, Van Halen, Led Zeppelin, Def Leppard, Black Sabbath, King Crimson, Rainbow and The Rolling Stones as influences.



Edwin McCain

Edwin Cole McCain (born January 20, 1970) is an American singer-songwriter and guitarist.

McCain was born in Charleston, South Carolina to Watt McCain and Wendy McCain. His parents are of Channel Islander (Jersey), Dutch, English, French, German, Irish, Italian, Lepane Native American, Northern Irish (Scotch-Irish), Powhatan Native American, Scottish and Welsh descent.

His second album Misguided Roses, spawned I'll Be, a major hit single in 1998.


McCain stated artists like Tom Petty, Counting Crows, Wilson Pickett, Marvin Gaye, Earth, Wind & Fire, Kiss, Van Halen, Queen, Weather Report and Jaco Pastorius as influences.

Arno van der Heyden

Arno van der Heyden (30 July 1961 – 20 January 2023) was a Dutch comedian, singer, presenter and actor.

Van der Heyden was born in Groningen in 1961. He spent his youth in Groningen, Apeldoorn, Rosmalen, 's-Hertogenbosch, Malden and Winschoten. In Winschoten he graduated from the Gymnasium in 1980. He moved to Southern Europe where he worked as a musician, grape picker and catering worker. From 1989 to 1994 he was an actor and musician at .

In 1992 Arno won the audience and personality prize at festival in Rotterdam. He then worked for TROS, KRO, VARA and RTV Noord. He had his own comedian shows and recorded multiple CDs. In 2022 he received the Haide Bliksem Award.

Van der Heyden was diagnosed with cancer in 2019. After the treatment he had voice problems due to, among other scar tissue. However, the cancer returned and died from it in Groningen on 20 January 2023, at the age of 61.

Socialist Party of Serbia

Socialist Party of Serbia (, SPS) is a political party in Serbia. It is a populist and social-democratic party.

The Socialist Party of Serbia was founded by Slobodan Milošević. It is now led by Ivica Dačić.

People's Party (Serbia, 2017)

The People's Party (, Narodna) is a right-wing political party in Serbia. It is a conservative and Eurosceptic political party.

The People's Party is led by Vuk Jeremić.

Deng Shu

Deng Shu (Chinese: 邓澍; 1929 – 20 January 2023) was a Chinese oil painter. She painted many works for the Communist Party of China. Both Deng Shu and her husband Hou Yimin participated in the design of the RMB. She was professor of the Mural Painting Department at the Central Academy of Fine Arts.

Her husband Hou Yimin died on 1 January 2023. Deng died later the same month in Changping District on 20 January 2023, at the age of 93.

Return of the Dream Canteen

Return of the Dream Canteen is the thirteenth studio album by the Red Hot Chili Peppers. It was released on October 14, 2022. It was produced by Rick Rubin. The band recorded the music on "Return of the Dream Canteen" and "Unlimited Love" at the same time. "Unlimited Love" was released earlier in 2022.

Two singles from the album were released before it. These are "Tippa My Tongue" and "The Drummer". The album went to the number one spot on music charts in six countries.

All songs written by Anthony Kiedis, Flea, John Frusciante, and Chad Smith.


Chicago Strangler

The Chicago Strangler is the nickname given to an American serial killer (or killers). He is suspected of raping and killing at least 55 women in Southwestern Chicago between 2001 and 2018. The killings were not believed to be by the same person until 2018. Before that, they were considered to have been done by different people. 

Representatives of the Chicago Police Department told the media in 2019 that there may be more than one serial killer in the city.

The killer chose women between the ages of 18 and 58 as victims. They were mostly African-American. Most of the victims were prostitutes or members of a marginalized group who had previous problems with the justice system. Almost all of the victims were strangled. They were left in unused buildings, alleys, garbage bins, parks and snowdrifts. In November 2007, one person killed two women in two days. He put their bodies in garbage cans and then set them on fire. Most of the murders were done near Washington Park in Chicago's Southside and near Garfield Park in Western Chicago. Washington park is a high-crime area. .

Demarest, New Jersey

Demarest is a borough in Bergen County, in the U.S. state of New Jersey. In the 2020 United States census, 4,981 people lived there. This is a 2.0% increase from the 2010 census The borough is in the northeastern corner of New Jersey and its Gateway Region. Demarest is part of the New York City Metropolitan Area.

Demarest was formed on April 8, 1903. It was created from parts of Harrington Township and Palisades Township. The borough was named for the Demarest family. It was also named for the Demarest train station. The station been named for Ralph S. Demarest, who was a director of the Northern Railroad of New Jersey that built the station, He was also a member of the New Jersey General Assembly and the New Jersey Senate in the mid-19th century.

Chris Hipkins

Christopher John Hipkins (born 5 September 1978) is a New Zealand politician. He became the 41st Leader of the Opposition on 27 November 2023. He was the Prime Minister of New Zealand from January 2023 until November 2023. He became the leader of the New Zealand Labour Party in January 2023. 

He was the minister of education, police, the Public Service, and leader of the House in the Jacinda Ardern government. He has been the member of Parliament (MP) for Remutaka since the 2008.

On 21 January 2023, Hipkins became the only candidate to replace Ardern as leader of the Labour Party. He became party leader on 22 January 2023. He became prime minister three days later.

Carmel Sepuloni

Carmel Jean Sepuloni (born 1977) is a New Zealand politician who was the Deputy Prime Minister of New Zealand from January 2023 until November 2023. She is a member of parliament for the Labour Party. She was first elected to Parliament in 2008. She is New Zealand's first MP of Tongan descent. 

On 22 January 2023, incoming Prime Minister Chris Hipkins announced that Sepuloni would be his pick for Deputy Prime Minister.

1929–30 Austrian Cup

The 1929-30 Austrian Cup was the cup competition in Austrian football. From the round of 16 first-class teams had to play matches at neutral venues, from the quarter-finals, neutral places were mandatory for all matches. 

First round with teams from the Second league



First round with teams from the highest league

Replay match:


 

Replay matches:


Willibald Schmaus

Willibald Schmaus (16 June 1912 – 27 April 1979) was an Austrian football defender. He played for First Vienna FC. He represented both Austria and Germany and played for both teams in the FIFA World Cup.
He played for Vienna from 1929 till 1949. The first major success was winning the cup in May 1930 with a 1-0 final win over FK Austria Wien. He also took part in the finals of this competition in 1936 and 1937 which Vienna won in 1937. In 1931 Vienna won the first championship in the club's history. 1933 they managed to win another title. With vice championships in 1932 and 1936 other successes could be recorded. Internationally the won the Mitropa Cup in 1931 and 1932.
He earned 14 caps for the Austria national football team and participated in the 1934 FIFA World Cup. After the annexation of Austria by Germany, he earned 10 caps for the Germany national football team, and participated in the 1938 FIFA World Cup. 

Josephine (Chris Rea song)

"Josephine" is a 1985 song by English singer Chris Rea. It is the second single from his seventh studio album "Shamrock Diaries". It went to number 67 in the United Kingdom and was a top ten in France and the Netherlands. In 2000 it was sampled by French band Superfunk for their 2000 single "Lucky Star".

Franz Wagner

Franz Wagner (23 September 1911 – 8 December 1974 ) was an Austrian football player. He played as midfielder mainly for SK Rapid Wien. He also played for the Austrian national football team and after the annexation of Austria for the German team. 
Wagner played football for the Vienna Cricket and Football Club. 1931 he went to SK Rapid Wien and played there till 1943 and from 1945 till 1949. The years betwenn he played for LSV (Luftwaffensportverein) Markersdorf. During his time with Rapid he won the Austrian championship six times and the German championship once. He was also Austrian and German cup winner once.

He made his league debut for SK Rapid Wien on 10 May 1931 in a 4-3 home win against Austria Wien. He scored his only league goal on 25 September 1932 in a 4-1 away win against Wacker Wien. At international club level he played six times for Rapid in the 1934 and 1935 Mitropa Cup. 
From 1933 to 1936 he played 18 matches for the Austrian national team. He was part of the squad for the 1934 World Cup in Italy, where he played four matches. After the annexation of Austria in 1938 he played three matches for Germany. He was part of the squad for the 1938 Fifa World Cup in France. He did not play there.
After his active career he became youth coach of SK Rapid. In the 1955/56 he was coach of the first squad for a few months. At the end of the 1950s he coached the youth of Wiener AC.

Aguascalientes City

Aguascalientes () is the capital of the state of Aguascalientes. It is its biggest city. One million people live in the Metropolitan area. It is in North-Central Mexico. It is part of the macroregion of Bajío, which is among the safest and richest regions in Mexico. It was part of the kingdom of Nueva Galicia. In 1835 Aguascalientes became the capital of the Free and Sovereign State of Aguascalientes. Aguascalientes has been called the cleanest city in Latin America. The people in Aguascalientes include Japanese, Koreans, and Germans.

It is on the banks of the Aguascalientes river, 1880 meters above sea level, at . It is the municipal seat for the Aguascalientes Municipality. The Aguascalientes metropolitan area includes the municipality of Jesús María and San Francisco de los Romo. It was a Chichimeca Indian territory. It later blossomed as a strategic link between Mexico City and the mines of Zacatecas, while prosperous agriculture and ranching helped feed Spain's emerging New World cities.

OECD has said that Aguascalientes has a good business climate. It is a strong business and economic center in the Bajío region. Its strategic location and infrastructure have made it a regional hub and a place for international headquarters. Two of Nissan's largest and most important manufacturing plants in Latin America are in the city. Other important companies located in Aguascalientes include Jatco, Coca-Cola, Flextronics, Texas Instruments, Donaldson, and Calsonic Kansei.

Because of its services and hotel industry, Aguascalientes is one of the most important centers in Mexico for entertainment, gastronomy, leisure activities, arts and recreation.

Citrus australis

Citrus australis, the Australian round lime, is an edible species of citrus. It is closely related to (and has pulp that pops like) Citrus australasica.

Gersthofer SV

Gersthofer Sportvereinigung is a football club from Gersthof district in Vienna, Austrias capital. The club is currently playing in the 2nd Landesliga, which is the 5th level of Austrian football. The club colors are green and white.

Around 1909 football lovers from Gersthof met regularly for the first time on the Haider grounds to play games. In 1912 the Gerstofer Spielvereinigung was founded and registered with the Vienna Football Association. The club had its most successful period in the 1920s. From 1919 to 1921 they were promoted from 4th class to the 2nd class. In their first year in this league they finished 4th.

In 1925, however, professional football was introduced in Austria in the top two levels. Gersthof voluntarily relegate to the third division. The next season they became champion and were promoted again. The club decided to play professionally. Until relegation in 1932, the Gersthofer stayed in the second division without interruption. After the Second World War the club was not able to continue the successes of the 1920s.

The women's section of Gersthofer SV played in the first edition of the women's championship, which was held in 1972/73. They finished last and broke up at the end of the season.



Mathy Engelen

Mathy Engelen (April 1957 – 20 January 2023) was a Belgian painter from Lanaken.

Engelen worked for several years as an architect, but became a full time artist. He made drawings, etchings and watercolors of many historic buildings, village- and town views of the Maasland region. He was good friends with the princely House of Merode and also painted their German and Belgian castles. Engelen had expositions in Belgium and the Netherlands.

In 2017 Engelen was portrayed at the Dutch television program “Kunstwerkt” at TV Valkenburg.

Engelen was married and had two sons. He died at home in Lanaken on 20 January 2023, at the age of 65. People who paid tribute to his death included politician Marino Keulen, who was at the time mayor of Lanaken.

Cornelius Rogge

Cornelius Hendrik Rogge (21 December 1932 – 17 January 2023) was a Dutch sculptor, installation artist‎ and painter.

From 1950 to 1952, Rogge attended the Institute for Applied Arts Education (later the Gerrit Rietveld Academie) in Amsterdam. From 1955 to 1957 he studied at the Rijksakademie van beeldende kunsten in Amsterdam. In 1971 he received the American “Cassandra Award” and in 1986 the “David Röell Prize” from the Prins Bernhard Cultuurfonds. Rogge taught at the AKV St. Joost in 's-Hertogenbosch and the Gerrit Rietveld Academy in Amsterdam.

Rogge was a representative of modern art from the post-World War II period. His work is present in multiple Dutch art museums including the Kröller-Müller Museum. Sculpture of Rogge in the public area includes ' of in Amsterdam Nieuw-West and ' in Amsterdam-Zuid. In 2005, on the occasion of his 45-year of being an artist, he was appointed Officer in the Order of Orange-Nassau.

Rogge died in Eerbeek on 17 January 2023, at the age of 90.


Pioneer Venus Orbiter

The Pioneer Venus Orbiter, also known as Pioneer Venus 1 and Pioneer 12, was a mission by NASA to orbit Venus and collect information. It was launched on May 20, 1978 by an Atlas Centuar rocket, and operated (sent data) until October 8, 1992. Pioneer Venus Orbiter fell into Venus’s atmosphere 2 weeks later on October 22. It arrived at Venus on December 4, 1978, and continued sending data for 14 years. The Pioneer Venus Orbiter is part of a space program called the Pioneer Program.

From its orbit of Venus, the Pioneer Venus Orbiter was able to watch Halley's Comet when it was hidden from Earth during February 1986. It found the loss of water from the comet's center on February 9.


Blockade of the Republic of Artsakh (2022–2023)

2022–2023 blockade of the Republic of Artsakh was a transport and energy blockade of the Republic of Artsakh. Artsakh was an unrecognized country. The population of Artsakh consisted of ethnic Armenians. 

The blockade began on 12 December 2022. Azerbaijani people began to hold protest actions and closed the Lachin corridor. This is the only road that connects Artsakh with Armenia.

120 thousand citizens of Artsakh remained closed from the rest of the world.

The US and France are the countries that are leading the search for a peaceful solution to the Karabakh (Artsakh) conflict. They called on Azerbaijan to open the Lachin corridor

The organizations Amnesty International, Human Rights Watch and Freedom House also called on Azerbaijan to stop the blockade.

The European Parliament adopted a resolution, in which it condemned Azerbaijan for the blockade of Artsakh.

List of current Indian lieutenant governors and administrators

The following is the list of Lieutenant Governor and administor's of Union Territory in India. 

My Star in the Sky

My Star in the Sky is a documentary created by Michael Mulroy and Eric Oehlerich. It was premiered in the summer of 2019. 

This documentary tells the story of the survival, friendship and love of two child soldiers, Anthony and Florence Opoka, who are kidnapped and forced to become soldiers of the Lord's Resistance Army (LRA). The LRA is a rebel group that opposes the government of Uganda. Anthony was seriously injured many times. The sixth time he was hit by a rocket-propelled grenade. He was thrown into a mass grave and was almost buried until someone noticed his eyes moving. He recovered with minimal medical treatment and became a celestial navigator, a skill he had learned from his father.

Anthony later became a radio operator and code-talker and was eventually made Joseph Kony's radio operator. Florence also served as a soldier. After marrying Anthony in the bush, she delivered her second child during a firefight. After the birth, she "stood up and tied the baby to her back, picked up her first child with one hand and her assault rifle with the other." Anthony and Florence eventually escaped, continued their family, and supported children orphaned by LRA soldiers to this day.

The documentary first premiered in the summer of 2019. It has been screened in support of charities that focus on ending the use of children in armed conflict at , the , a Washington, D.C.-based think tank for international affairs, the , a non-profit group to end crimes against humanity, Georgetown University's Institute for the Study of Diplomacy, and the , a national security and leadership development organization based in Washington, D.C.

"" reports that the documentary came about after Mulroy and Oehlerich met the Opoka's during (OOC). Mulroy called OOC a “model” for addressing child soldiers using influence operations instead of lethal force. They worked with Non-Government Organizations (NGOs) who found mothers of child soldiers and had them broadcast messages over the radio, begging them to come home. Mulroy said that many of these kids didn't think they would be allowed back, so to have their mother get on the radio and specifically tell them ‘we want you back’ made a big difference. He continued that other missions are driven by kinetics—this was not.

Marine Corps Special Operations Command Colonel Darren Duke, who previously commanded OOC, said they did everything they could to get the child soldiers to defect so they would not have to fight them by using psychological operations to "appeal to them to lay down their arms," he said during the screening. Mulroy said that he hopes that OOC serves as a model for future programs to address child soldiers, as well as other operations, as it showed how the U.S. military could use "soft power, influence operations" and other aspects of so-called "irregular warfare" to fight the problem.

Michael Mulroy describes Anthony's personal story as a "success" and "extremely inspiring". Mulroy says that Anthony was 14 years old when he did various military affairs in the Lord's Resistance Army (LRA), but then he was able to escape and integrate back into society, having also received the help he needed.

Eric Oehlerich comments that through Anthony, we experience the realities of what happens to these children and how they were exploited. Oehlerich says that they know the situation these children are in and believes that they can have a strong impact on the exploited youth.


Bert Bosman

Bert Bosman (1 July 1945 – 20 January 2023) was a Dutch footballer who played as a left winger.

Bosman started his career with and . After playing in the under-19 team he played with the main team in the Tweede Divisie. He signed a professional contract with in 1968. He played and scored among others at 1970–71 KNVB Cup. He played three seasons for the club until 1971. He moved back to VV Zwartemeer where he retired as a footballer in 1972. After his playing career he was a football trainier until the 1990s for several amateur clubs.

Bosman worked as a hairdresser in the 1960s and 1970s at “Jan Bosman” in Klazienaveen. He died in his hometown Emmen on 20 January 2023, at the age of 77.

2023 Speaker of the United States House of Representatives election

Winning the Speakership in the House of Representatives in the United States Congress can happen if an individual can gain a majority (218 votes) of the votes from other representatives. This can be simple, but in 1923, it took 9 votes to elect . It was 100 years later that in 2023, it took 15 votes to elect Rep. Kevin McCarthy as House Speaker. It took multiple votes because the Republicans were split on who they wanted to be speaker. A majority of Republicans were okay with Rep. McCarthy, but some wanted other people, such as Jim Jordan, , Jim Banks, Hakeem Jeffries, and even Ex-President Donald Trump. But after 15 votes, Far-Right Republicans voted for Rep. McCarthy after he promised them a lot more power in Congress.

Alice Hoffman

Alice Hoffman (born March 16, 1952) is an American novelist and young-adult and children's writer. She has written more than thirty works of fiction.

Hoffman was born in New York City and raised on Long Island, New York. She went to college at Adelphi University. She got her master of arts degree (M. A.) at the Stanford University Creative Writing Center in 1973 and 1974.

Her first novel, "Property Of", was published in 1977. She is known for her novel "Practical Magic" (1995). This book was turned into a 1998 film of the same name. It also was the first in a group of novels.

She wrote the screenplay for the 1983 film "Independence Day", starring Kathleen Quinlan and Dianne Wiest.

After being treated for breast cancer at Mount Auburn Hospital in Cambridge, Massachusetts, she helped to begin the hospital's Hoffman Breast Center.

Her novel "The World That We Knew" about a Jewish girl being helped to get away from the Nazis won the Dayton Literary Peace Prize in 2020.


John VI of Portugal

Dom John VI (Portuguese: Joao VI) was King of Portugal from 1816 until his death in 1826. He was also King of Brazil until it's declaration of independence from Portugal.

Olivia Geerolf

Olivia Geerolf (1950 – 20 January 2023) was a Belgian choreographer. She founded the "Bruges Ballet School" in Bruges in 1970 (now named the "Ballet Olivia Geerolf"). Between 1971 and 2015, Geerolf was the permanent choreographer of the Procession of the Holy Blood and of the five-yearly Procession of the Golden Tree in Bruges. In 2015, the choreography of the Procession of the Holy Blood was taken over by her former student Jolien Smis.

She received the Van Acker Prize in 1980, for her work as a dance teacher, choreographer and for the social impact of her work.

Geerolf died at the AZ Sint-Jan in Bruges on 20 January 2023, at the age of 72.

Quotient space (linear algebra)

Quotient space is a term from linear algebra. It is a vector space that is made using a vector subspace, and a parallel projection. The elements of quotient spaces are equivalence classes. 

A simple example of a quotient space is the following: take the Cartesian coordinate system and draw a straight line which goes through the origin of that system. All the lines which are parallel to that line are a quotient space. 

In linear algebra, the quotient space of a vector space V by a subspace N, also said V/N, is the set of vectors v and w of V such that v-w is in N. We can also say that v added by any vector of N is in the class of v, also called [v]. The set of v and vectors in V such that v plus all those vectors are in N are written V/N (V/N = {v + N | v ∈ V }).

Also, two vectors of V are equivalent if their substraction are in W.

The quotient space shares this two propierties:


Also, dim(V /W) = dim V − dim W. 

We will construct an explicit basis for V/W. Let (w, . . . , w) be a basis of W, and extend it to a basis (w, . . . , w, v, . . . , v) of V. Note that with this notation, dim W = n and dim V = n + k. We claim that (v + W, . . . , v + W) forms a basis of V /W, in other words, ([v], [v], . . . , [v]).

If so, we will then have dim(V /W) = k = (n + k) − n = dim V − dim W as claimed.

Company limited by guarantee

A Company limited by guarantee is a kind of Limited company. In a limited company, the liability of each of the people owning the company is limited. There are two sorts of companies: those limited by shares, and those limited by guarantee. In a limited company, there are shares, and each shareholder is responsible up to the amount of the share, if the company goes bankrupt. In a company limited by guarantee, each member gives a guarantee, to take liabilities up to a certain amount. Very often, companies that are not profit-oriented use this structure. Two examples of such companies are PGA European Tour, which organises golf tournaments, and Oxfam, which distributes aid.

Companies limited by guarantee exist in the United Kingdom, and many Commonwealth countries.

Cornufer magnus

The Kavieng wrinkled ground frog ("Cornufer magnus") is a frog. Scientists have seen it on the island of New Ireland in the Bismarck Archipelago. It lives as high above sea level as 1175 meters.

Command Performance (2009 film)

Command Performance is a 2009 American action movie directed by Dolph Lundgren (who also stars). It also starring Melissa Smith, Hristo Shopov, Zahary Baharov, Dave Legeno, Yulian Vergov, Raicho Vasilev and Clement von Franckenstein.


When I'm Gone

"When I'm Gone" is a Dance-pop/Electropop/House song by Swedish DJ Alesso and American singer Katy Perry. It was released on December 29, 2021 prior to the first date of Play. A music video for the song premiered on Janruary 10, 2022.

James Merrill

James Ingram Merrill (March 3, 1926 – February 6, 1995) was an American poet. He also wrote essays, fiction, and plays.

He won the Pulitzer Prize for poetry in 1977 for "Divine Comedies". He won two National Book Awards, for "Nights and Days" (1966) and "Mirabell: Books of Numbers" (1978). His second novel, "The (Diblos) Notebook" was a finalist for the National Book Award in Fiction.

Merrill was born in 1926 in New York City. His family was very rich. His father, Charles Merrill, was an investment banker and co-founder of the Merrill Lynch brokerage firm. He started his higher schooling at Amherst College, where he first met the poet Robert Frost. He was in the U. S. Army from 1944 to 1945. He graduated from Amherst after World War II in 1947.

Merrill's first play, "The Immortal Husband", was done off Broadway in 1955. His first novel, "The Seraglio", was published in 1957.

By using a ouija board, Merrill and his life-long companion David Jackson wrote down messages from other-world spirits. Merrill used these notes in three of his books. These books were printed together as a trilogy in 1982 with a new last part. That book is called "The Changing Light at Sandover".

In his last years, Merrill was sick with AIDS. He died of a heart attack in 1995 while on vacation in Tucson, Arizona.


Hiroyuki Nishimura

Hiroyuki Nishimura (西村 博之, "Nishimura Hiroyuki", born 16 November 1976) is a Japanese internet entrepreneur and administrator who is best known for founding 2channel and later becoming the administrator of 4chan. He is also the CEO of Nishimura Systems, a company that specializes in building online communities. He has been involved in various controversies related to his management of these websites, including issues with hate speech and illegal content. He has also been involved in legal disputes over the ownership and control of 2channel.

Petalodontiformes

Petalodontiformes ("thin-plate teeth") is an extinct order of cartilaginous fish. They are related to the modern-day chimaera found in what is now the United States and Europe. 

"Main article: Petalodontidae"


Snipe eel

Snipe eels, or Nemichthyidae, are a family of eels that live in the open ocean. 

Snipe eels have the long, slender body normal for eels.

Randy Edelman

Randy Edelman (born June 10, 1947) is an American musician, producer and composer for film and television.

Edelman was born in Paterson, New Jersey to Jewish family.

One of his film scores was for the 1973 film "Executive Action".

While some of the films scored by Edelman were not commercial successes, the music was often reused elsewhere. Themes he wrote for "Kindergarten Cop" (particularly "Rain Man"), "Dragonheart", "" (particularly the film's love for "Bruce and Linda"), "Gettysburg" and other films have been used in television advertisement, film trailers, Disney movies including Mulan, and during the Academy Awards. Themes from his score "Come See the Paradise" have been used in film trailers more than cues from any other film soundtrack.

His music from "The Adventures of Brisco County, Jr." is featured during the NBC's Olympic Games coverage when announcing upcoming events.

Edelman married Jackie DeShannon and have a son Noah Edelman.

Edelman stated composers like Lalo Schifrin, Dave Grusin, John Williams, John Barry, Elmer Bernstein, Maurice Jarre, Bernard Herrmann, Jerry Goldsmith, Leonard Bernstein, Max Steiner, George Gershwin, George Bruns, Ennio Morricone, Nino Rota, Franz Waxman, Alex North, Victor Young and Buddy Baker as influences.

Yaldhurst

Yaldhurst is a semi-rural suburb on the western outskirts of Christchurch. The horse breeder Frederick William Delamain (1835-1910) was a settler and owned land in the area. It is named after a horse Yaldhurst after some stables in England.

A7V

The A7V, also known as the Allgemeines Kriegsdepartement, Abteilung (English: General War Department, Section 7, Transport), was the first German Tank, made by the German empire in 1918. It was a response to the Mark 1, witch was made by the British in 1916 and used at the Battle of the Somme. It was used in the later part of World War 1, and the German Revolution of 1918. The Tank also was adapted into the A7V-U, and the 7V Flakpanzer

Toyland Broadcast

Toyland Broadcast is an 1939 musical short cartoon movie in the MGM cartoon, and distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. It is the 5th installment in the "Happy Harmonies" series.

Feldgrau

Feldgrau is a greenish-gray color. In World War I, the color feldgrau was a light gray-green, though there were variations of the shade ranging from grays to browns. The shade is called light feldgrau.

In 1907, the so-called feldgrau peace uniform with colored cuffs, facings, shoulder straps and gorgets was issued by decree in Prussia.


Aeoliscoides

Aeoliscoides is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish that lived from the early to middle Eocene.

"Aeoliscoides" resembled the shrimpfish, an unrelated group of fish. It is mostly brown in fossils, but there were a variety of colors. It lived in the ocean. Its only species is Aeoliscoides longirostris.



Ichthys

Ichthys is an affix used in fish. "Leedsichthys", the largest ray-finned fish, is an example of a fish having this affix. Other examples include "Amakusaichthys" and "Goodrichthys".


Goodrichthys

Goodrichthys is an extinct genus of sharks from the Carboniferous. It is from the Glencartholm Volcanic Beds Formation (Upper Border Group) of Scotland.

Ichthys (symbol)

The ichthys or ichthus (/ˈɪkθəs/), from the Greek "ikhthū́s" (ἰχθύς, 1st cent. AD Koine Greek pronunciation: [ikʰˈtʰys], "fish") is a symbol consisting of two intersecting arcs, the ends of the right side extending beyond the meeting point so as to resemble a fish.

Fish are mentioned and given symbolic meaning several times in the Gospels. Several of Jesus' 12 Apostles were fishermen. He commissions them with the words "I will make you fishers of men". (Mark 1: 16-18). Having been resurrected, Jesus was given grilled fish in Luke 24:41-43.

Dory (fish)

A dory is a fish belonging to the order Zeiformes. The common name "dory" (from the Middle English "dorre", from the Middle French "doree", lit. "gilded one") is shared (officially and colloquially) by members of several different families of large-eyed, silvery, deep-bodied, laterally compressed, and roughly discoid marine fish.

"Main article: Zeiformes"

Zeiformes are a small order of marine ray-finned fish.

John Dory is a delicious fish with delicate white flesh and a firm, flaky texture. A saltwater fish, it has a mild, slightly sweet flavor, and can be served sautéed, baked, steamed, poached, or even coated in breadcrumbs and fried.



Middle French

Middle French (French: "moyen français") is a historical division of the French language that covered the period from the 14th to the 16th century.

2044

2044 will be a leap year starting on Friday of the Gregorian calendar, the 2044th year of the Common Era (CE) and "Anno Domini" (AD) designations, the 44th year of the 3rd millennium and the 21st century, and the 5th year of the 2040s decade.


Zeiformes

The Zeiformes are a small order of ray-finned fish most notable for the dories. The best known is the John Dory. order consists of about 33 species in seven families.



Bajaichthys

Bajaichthys is an extinct genus of Eocene zeid. It includes one species, Bajaichthys elegans. It is sometimes mistaken for a lampriform. 

The holotype is four centimeters in length. It has a deep, oblong-shaped body, a deep, but short head, a long tail composed of 27 caudal vertebrae, a long, crest-like dorsal fin, a long, banner-like anal fin with 29 to 30 rays running from the posterior region of the body down the entire length of the tail, and two enormous, wing-like pelvic fins.



Pollock

Pollock or pollack is the common name used for either of the two species of North Atlantic marine fish in the genus Pollachius.

Petre Mihai Bănărescu

Petre Mihai Bănărescu (15 September 1921 – 12 May 2009) was a Romanian ichthyologist.

Romanichthyini

Romanichthyini is a tribe of freshwater ray-finned fish which is one of two tribes in the subfamily Luciopercinae, which in turn is classified under the family Percidae.

The two genera are:


Luciopercinae

Luciopercinae is a subfamily of ray-finned fish, classified within the family Percidae. It includes the pike-perches and zingels.

The species within the Luciopercinae have a number of morphological characteristics in common. These are the possession weak spines in the anal fin, the lateral line extends as far as the margin of the caudal fin and there are additional lines over and under the main lateral line. They have a cleithrum which doesn't have serrations on the pectoral girdle and they have a vertebrae count of 41–50.

They have a Holarctic distribution. The pike-perches of the genus "Sander" are found in Eurasia and North America and includes such commercially important species as the zander ("Sander lucioperca") and the walleye ("Sander vitreus"). They are largely freshwater species but some can be found in brackish water.




Palaeoperca

Palaeoperca is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish that lived from the early to middle Eocene. It was a member of the family Serranidae, which includes the groupers.


Amphiperca

Amphiperca is an extinct genus of prehistoric ray-finned fish that lived from the early to middle Eocene. 

"Amphiperca" was a perch-like actinopterygian.

Labriformes

Labriformes is an order of marine ray-finned fish which includes the wrasses, cales and parrotfishes, within the clade Percomorpha. Some authors include the Labriformes as the clade Labroidei within the Perciformes while others include more families within the Labriformes, such as the cichlids and damselfishes, but the 5th edition of "Fishes of the World" includes just three listed in the section below and includes 87 genera and about 630 species.

The following three families are classified within the Labriformes:



Fishes of the World

Fishes of the World is a standard reference for fish systematics. Now in its fifth edition (2016), the work is a comprehensive overview of the diversity and classification of the 30,000-plus fish species known to science.

Bluff, New Zealand

Bluff (), previously known as "Campbelltown" and is the southern town in the South Island. It has a seaside port and is on the southern coast of the South Island. It is 30 kilometers south of Invercargill. It has two primary schools in the town. 

Tisbury, New Zealand

Tisbury is a suburb of Invercargill. It has an unsteady climate to grow and yield crops in time for Christmas. It has a primary school and opened in 1891 but it was destroyed by fire in 1945 and the present classroom block was built to replace it.

Clip art

Clip art is a type of graphic art. Pieces are pre-made images used to illustrate any medium. Today, clip art is used extensively and comes in many forms, both electronic and printed. However, most clip art today is created, distributed, and used in a digital form. Since its inception, clip art has evolved to include a wide variety of content, file formats, illustration styles, and licensing restrictions.

Boops

Boops is a genus of ray-finned fish with the following species:


The salema porgy was once assigned to this genus before, but it is now in the monotypic genus "Sarpa".

Space complexity

Space Complexity is a concept in theoretical computer science, specifically Complexity Theory, which is used to measure and describe the efficiency of an algorithm in terms of the amount of memory they will require to store the information they need. Algorithms, when implemented in computer programs, require two main resources when the program is executed: time and memory. Memory, particularly, may be expensive in large quantities. Therefore it is often desirable to make modifications to an algorithm so as to reduce its space complexity, that is, make it use less memory when run.

As with time complexity, space complexity is usually given in terms of the input size, using Big-O notation. Usually, the input size is given as a number formula_1 that refers to an amount of elements that need to be considered to solve a problem. The space complexity is then often given as a function that gets larger as formula_1 increases. This function indicates how quickly the memory requirement grows when formula_1 is very large. 

Auxiliary Space Complexity refers to the amount of storage space that the algorithm will use besides the storage space which is already used for the input data. As the input data for any algorithm will have to be stored in memory, it is often more important to know whether the algorithm can operate "in place", i.e. without a need for memory that will grow as formula_1 gets large. 

The other resource that algorithms consume is time. The so-called time complexity of an algorithm is measured in the same way and is more commonly taught first in courses covering algorithms. It is worth noting that there is a relationship between the auxiliary space complexity of an algorithm and its time complexity: since the former measures the amount of data that is created after the algorithm begins, the time complexity is always greater than the auxiliary space complexity.

Iwan Palakou

Iwan Palakou (25 November 1914-8 February 2014) was a Soviet politician and hero of the socialist labor party.

In 1936-1938 he served in the Red Army and in various political positions till 1976, when he was appointed as the Head of State of Communist Belarus party from 1976 to 1985. 

He died at age 99. 

Pseudorasbora parva

Pseudorasbora parva is a species of small fish in Cypriniformes.

Lethocerus patruelis

Lethocerus patruelis is an insect in the order Hemiptera. It is a giant water bug.

Cornufer bimaculatus

Cornufer bimaculatus is a frog. People have seen it in exactly one place, the Wondiwoi Mountains in Papua New Guinea. Scienitsts first saw it in the Wondiwoi Mountains near Yeretuar Village.

Peter Krause

Peter William Krause (born August 12, 1965) is an American actor. He is known for his leading roles in multiple television series including "Sports Night" (1998–2000), "Six Feet Under" (2001–2005), "Dirty Sexy Money" (2007–2009), "Parenthood" (2010–2015), "The Catch" (2016–2017), and "9-1-1" (2018–present).

Krause was born in Alexandria, Minnesota. His parents, Wanda Marie Krause ("née" Johnson) and William Popham "Bill" Krause, were both teachers in Minnesota. He was raised in Roseville, Minnesota, a suburb of St. Paul, and has two siblings, Amy and Michael.

He graduated from Alexander Ramsey High School in 1983 and was a pre-medical student at Gustavus Adolphus College in St. Peter until he discovered acting in his junior year and changed his final major to English Literature. After graduating from college in 1987, Krause moved to New York City and completed a Master of Fine Arts degree in acting from New York University's Graduate Acting Program at the Tisch School of the Arts in 1990.

Shortly after graduation, Krause moved to Los Angeles after landing a regular role on Carol Burnett's sketch comedy series "Carol & Company".

Krause and his former girlfriend Christine King have a son, Roman, who was born in 2001. From 2010 to 2021, Krause was in a relationship with actress Lauren Graham. They first met in 1995 when they both appeared in the sitcom "Caroline in the City", then became a couple while co-starring on "Parenthood".

The Getaway

The Getaway is the eleventh studio album released by Red Hot Chili Peppers. Red Hot Chili Peppers is an American rock band. The album was released on June 17, 2016. It was produced by Danger Mouse. This is a different person than the band's normal producer, Rick Rubin. The album is the last Red Hot Chili Peppers album with guitar player Josh Klinghoffer. This is because John Frusciante came back to the band to play the guitar.

Sony Pictures Kids Zone

Sony Pictures Kids Zone is the children's and family entertainment label it was owned by Sony Pictures Home Entertainment and Sony Pictures

Sony Music Video launched its "Sony Kids' Music" and "Sony Kids' Video" labels in February 1992 after months of planning under the banner SMV Children's Library. Artists signed to Sony Kids' Music at launch included Dan Crow, Tom Chapin, Tom Paxton, Kevin Roth, Rory, and Lois Young, who would all release product in the spring. After Sony Music Video dissolved in October, Sony Kids' Music and Video were coordinated and marketed through Epic Records beginning in January 1993. On May 22, 1993, Nickelodeon signed a long-term agreement with Epic Records as well.

On July 3, Sony Kids' Music and Video were merged as "Sony Wonder"; Sony Wonder's president Ted Green sought new strategic alliances like their one with Nickelodeon. On April 24, 1995, Children's Television Workshop entered a long-term agreement to distribute "Sesame Street" videos, music, and books through Sony Wonder, while Columbia Pictures began development on two Muppet films which would be released on video by Columbia TriStar Home Video. Sony Wonder also took over distribution of Random House Home Video titles, also during April. 

On July 29, Nickelodeon and Sony Wonder launched a Nick Jr. Channel Video with three titles based on "Eureeka's Castle", "Gullah Gullah Island", and "Allegra's Window"; an audio line launched on March 26, 1996. In 1996, two years after Viacom's acquisition of Paramount Communications, the owners of Paramount Pictures, Sony Wonder's deal with Nickelodeon expired, leaving Nickelodeon and Nick Jr. videos and DVDs to be distributed by Paramount Home Video (and CIC Video internationally until 1999).

On August 2, 1997, Sony Wonder entered a long-term worldwide joint venture with Together Again Video Productions to create and distribute new and previous "Kidsongs" titles, starting with 20 new episodes of "The Kidsongs Television Show". On December 27, Sony Wonder and Golden Books Family Entertainment joined forces to release hit titles from Golden Books' catalog starting in spring 1998; the contract continued with Classic Media after they acquired Golden Books.

The company was also the distributor (in Canada only) for series produced by Cinar, such as "Wimzie's House", "Madeline", "A Bunch of Munsch", "The Busy World of Richard Scarry" and "Caillou".

On May 4, 1998, Sony Wonder bought Sunbow Entertainment, which had produced various shows based on Hasbro's toy lines but whose original programming had mostly under-performed. On March 1, 2000, Sony Wonder signed a first-look distribution agreement with German-based management firm TV-Loonland AG to handle the distribution of their shows in German-speaking and Eastern European territories. and eventually signed a UK home video deal with Maverick. On October 3, as an extention to the previous agreement, TV-Loonland purchased the television division of Sony Wonder, including its programming and ownership in Sunbow. As part of the deal, Sony kept the North American home video and international audio rights to its library. On May 14, 2008, Hasbro acquired the Sunbow programs based on its properties, which are now part of the eOne library.

In 2009, TV-Loonland filed for bankruptcy. In 2011, Loonland sold its catalogue to m4e AG. In February 2017, Studio 100 acquired a majority stake in m4e AG. Studio 100 currently holds the television rights to most of the Loonland catalogue, including Sunbow and Sony Wonder.

On March 13, 2007, Sony BMG announced that it was shutting down Sony Wonder to focus on its core music business. However, on June 20, 2007, it was announced that Sony Wonder became a division of Sony Pictures Home Entertainment as its kids’- and family-entertainment label. Classic Media's, Sesame Workshop's and Random House's video deals were sold to Genius Products for an undisclosed amount, and later to Vivendi Entertainment. The home media releases to Caillou were moved to Vivendi Entertainment Canada. Since 2012, Caillou DVDs are distributed by Entertainment One and after their purchase of Phase 4 Films in 2014, are released through the KaBoom Entertainment label. Sesame Workshop's properties were moved to Warner Home Video in 2010 following the closure of Genius Products. As of 2018, Sesame Workshop’s properties are currently distributed by Shout! Factory through the Shout! Factory Kids label.

In 2012, DreamWorks Animation acquired Classic Media for $155 million; the company became a unit of DreamWorks Animation and was renamed to DreamWorks Classics.
Universal Pictures Home Entertainment, is the current distributor for Classic Media’s properties after NBCUniversal acquired DreamWorks Animation in 2016.

In 2015, the Sony Wonder label was rebranded as Sony Pictures Family Fun, and was later folded and merged into Sony Pictures Kids Zone in 2020.

The Sony Wonder label was still used for the direct-to-video "The Swan Princess" film series up until the same year.


Anthony Doerr

Anthony Doerr (born October 27, 1973) is an American novelist and short story writer.

His novel "All the Light We Cannot See" was given the 2015 Pulitzer Prize for fiction and the 2015 Andrew Carnegie Medal for Excellence in Fiction. It was also on the New York Times Bestseller List for over 200 weeks. His writing has been translated into more than forty different languages.


1930–31 Austrian Cup

The 1930-31 Austrian Cup was the cup competition in Austrian football. The competition was held in championship mode for Clubs from the first league. It is natural that this new competition met with resistance from the second-rate and amateur clubs, who were prevented from matches with clubs from the highest league. An announced replacement competition for these clubs did not take place.

 

 

 

 

 
 

 
 

Monterey Park shooting

On January 21, 2023, a mass shooting happened in Monterey Park, California, United States. Eleven people were killed, and nine others were injured. The shooting happened after a Lunar New Year celebration at Star Ballroom Dance Studio at about 10:22 p.m. PST (UTC-8). 

The gunman shot and killed himself during a standoff with Torrance police the next day. He was identified as 72-year-old Huu Can Tran (September 30, 1950 — January 22, 2023). It is the deadliest mass shooting in the history of Los Angeles County.

Barbara Kingsolver

Barbara Kingsolver (born April 8, 1955) is an American novelist, essayist and poet.

In 2000 she received the National Humanities Medal. In 2011 she was given the Dayton Literary Peace Prize for her life's work.

Her novel, "The Poisonwood Bible" was a finalist for the Pultizer Prize in Fiction for 1999.



Michael Flatley

Michael Ryan Flatley (born July 16, 1958) is an Irish-American dancer. He became known for Irish dance shows "Riverdance", "Lord of the Dance", "Feet of Flames", and "Celtic Tiger Live". 

In 2003, Flatley was treated for a malignant melanoma. In January 2023, Flatley announced that he had surgery for "an aggressive form of cancer".

Clarence B. Jones

Clarence Benjamin Jones (born January 8, 1931) is an American lawyer. He is the former personal counsel, advisor, draft speech writer and close friend of Martin Luther King Jr. He is a scholar at Stanford University. He is the author of "What Would Martin Say?" and "Behind the Dream: The Making of the Speech that Transformed a Nation". He helped King Jr. write the first part of the 1963 "I Have a Dream" speech at Jones' house in The Bronx.

Chris Ford

Christopher Joseph Ford (January 11, 1949 – January 17, 2023) was an American basketball player and head coach in the National Basketball Association (NBA). Ford was nicknamed "the Mad Bomber". He played most of his NBA career with the Detroit Pistons, Ford finished his playing career with the Boston Celtics. In the Celtics' first game in 1979–80, he made the first official three-point shot in NBA history. He won an NBA championship with the Celtics in 1981.

Between 1990 and 1995, Ford was the head coach of the Celtics. He also had been the coach for three other NBA teams until 2004. He died on January 17, 2023, six days after his 74th birthday.

Kew, Invercargill

Kew is a suburb of Invercargill. Southland Hospital is in the area. It has a primary school that opened in 2005 and was formed of three primary schools at the end of 2004.

Nian

A nian ( 年獸) is a mythological creature from the Chinese mythology.

Firewalker (movie)

Firewalker is a 1986 American action adventure comedy movie directed by J. Lee Thompson and starring Chuck Norris, Louis Gossett Jr., Will Sampson, Melody Anderson, John Rhys-Davies, Sonny Landham, Ian Abercrombie and Zaide Silvia Gutiérrez. It was distributed by The Cannon Group.


Kenneth Koch

Kenneth Koch (February, 27 1925 – July 6, 2002) was an American poet, playwright, and teacher.

As a student at Harvard University, Koch met fellow students Frank O’Hara and John Ashbery. With them and others in the 1950s, he was part of what people called The New York School, a loose group of poets and painters. At Harvard, he received a bachelor of arts degree. Then he attended Columbia University for his PhD..

He taught at Columbia University. He thought about how to teach children and older people to write poetry. He explained these ways in books like "Wishes, Lies and Dreams;" "Rose, Where Did You Get That Red;" and "I Never Told Anybody".

He was known for using much humor in his poems.

"New Addresses" (2000) was a finalist for the National Book Award. "One Train" and "On the Great Atlantic Rainway, Selected Poems 1950–1988" both earned him the Bollingen Prize in 1995. He won the Rebekah Johnson Bobbitt National Prize for Poetry in 1996. He was given three Fulbright scholarships and a National Endowment for the Arts grant.




Tiger I

The Tiger I was a tank made by Nazi Germany. It was first made in 1942 by the Henschel und Sohn company. The tank was used during World War II in the North African Campaign and Operation Barbarossa. The Tiger I used a 8.8 cm KwK 36 gun. It had of armor. 

The Tiger I has been called an outstanding design for its time. It has also been called overengineered. It was built using costly materials. The methods used to make it were labour-intensive. Early version of the Tiger would often have track failures and breakdowns. It also had a limited range because it used a large amount of fuel. The tank was costly to maintain but was mechanically reliable. It was hard to transport. It could not move well in areas with mud, ice and snow. These conditions would often jamming the tracks solid.

The tank was given its nickname "Tiger" by Ferdinand Porsche. The Roman numeral was added after the Tiger II was being made. The original name was "Panzerkampfwagen VI Ausführung H." 

Today, only seven Tiger I tanks still exist. They are in museums and private collections worldwide. , Tiger 131 (captured during the North Africa Campaign) at the UK's Tank Museum is the only Tiger I restored to running order.


Cesare Borgia

Cesare Borgia (1475–1507) was the son of Pope Alexander VI. He benefited from Pope Alexander VI's nepotism (placing family in important roles) and became ruler of Romagna, a historical region of Italy, by murdering those who opposed him. He was banished by Pope Julius II and died during the invasion of Castile. His policies were famously described by Niccolò Machiavelli in "The Prince".

Karl Verner

Karl Adolf Verner (1846-1896) was a Danish linguist and a pioneer linguist in the study of phonetics. He was deeply interested in phonetic systems of the Indo-European languages. One of his linguistic fascinations was accentology.

Verner was born in Denmark and studied at the University of Copenhagen, where he received his Ph.D. in 1867. He was a famous linguist but he never worked for any university as a professor. Some universities asked him to work as professor for them, but he always refused and preferred his job in the library of Halle. In Halle, he met many young linguists from the University in Leipzig. Contacts with other linguists further directed him towards his linguistic future.

Verner’s work and influence on linguistics was so important that people still study him and use his ideas for their own books and articles. His greatest contribution to linguistics is called Verner’s Law. The discovery of this law explained some issues with Grimm’s Law whose rules were not enough to explain all exceptions in the historical development of languages.

Karl Adolf Verner was born in Aarhus on 7 March 1846. He was the son of Friedrich Wilhelm Werner, a German immigrant whose occupation was a sock-weaver, and Catharina Dorothea Hansen. He had five brothers, and he was the second oldest of them.

Verner obtained his secondary education at the Aarhus Cathedral School which he attended from 1857 to 1864. It was here that his interest in the field of linguistics started to emerge, and it was in the city of Aarhus where he would later in his life come up with the discovery that would make him known worldwide.

Verner’s interest in linguistics began to form, quite paradoxically, not through the typical scenario of meeting an advanced linguist who would become his mentor. His interest in linguistics would form during his school years in the lessons of geography that he attended. Unlike many other geography teachers, Mr Erslev also taught his students about linguistic and social aspects of life in the countries they covered in the programme. Mr Erslev thus treated his subject contrastively and given the fact that Verner appreciated Erslev’s teaching a lot, it is possible to say that Verner’s contrastive linguistic method was born in his geography lessons.

However, he could not continue chasing his academic dream due to economic instability and lack of capital. Therefore he sought employment as a librarian in order to gain money for his studies. He worked as a university librarian in Halle, Germany. Eventually, his hard work and determination led him to become a docent of Slavic philology at the University of Copenhagen ending with a professor title in 1888.
In 1864 Karl Verner began studying Nordic languages at the University of Copenhagen under the supervision of Konráð Gíslason, Svend Grundtvig, and Ludvig Wimmer. He began mainly as a linguist and later his school activities and interests shifted toward the literary site. Another shift in Verner’s language repertoire came with the influence of his teacher Professor Smith who motivated him to study Slavic languages which became his specialisation, eventually leading to the year 1872 when Verner went to St. Petersburg as a student of Slavic studies. Upon his arrival to Denmark, he composed essays such as “An exception to the first sound shift” and “The final question”, which became the basis for his scientific glory.

However, he could not continue chasing his academic dream due to economic instability and lack of capital. Therefore he sought employment as a librarian in order to gain money for his studies. He worked as a university librarian in Halle, Germany. Eventually, his hard work and determination led him to become a docent of Slavic philology at the University of Copenhagen ending with a professor title in 1888.

While attending the Aarhus Cathedral School, Verner already knew key linguistic texts such as those by Rasmus Rask or the "Compendium der vergleichenden Grammatik der indogermanischen Sprachen" by August Schleicher.

Still during his studies, he was given a scholarship that gave him the opportunity to study Kashubian, which is a dialect of Polish. He could go to the Dantzig area. Being truly devoted to linguistics, he spent a lot of time with the local people, listening to their accent (accentology was one of Verner’s lifelong fascinations) and then noting his observations about it. There is an anecdote linked to his devoted linguistic research. As he spoke to so many people, the local police thought he might be a foreign spy. So he had to go to the police station to testify. Since his passport was only in languages that nobody at the police station understood, Verner had to interpret for himself. When he showed the police a letter from a German professor proving he was a linguist, he was finally free to go.

Verner’s best contribution to linguistics is nowadays known as Verner’s Law. This law explains certain sound changes in the Germanic languages. The Proto-Indo-European voiceless stops became voiced stops or fricatives in Proto-Germanic. In order to even discover the principles of this law, Verner had to study other Indo-European languages. This principle was a major contribution to the understanding of sound change and the reconstruction of Proto-Indo-European, the hypothetical ancestor of the Indo-European languages. 

Verner also made significant contributions to the field of phonetics, including the development of a system for noting the sounds of spoken languages. He published several books on linguistics, including "Die Lautgesetze der indogermanischen Sprachen" (The Sound Laws of the Indo-European Languages) and "Die phonetische Lautlehre der indogermanischen Sprachen" (The Phonetic Sound Doctrine of the Indo-European Languages).

List of programs broadcast by Paramount Network

The following is a list of programs that have aired on Paramount Network, an American pay television channel owned by the Paramount Media Networks division of Paramount Global.






Windsor, Invercargill

Windsor is a suburb of New Zealand southernmost city, Invercargill. It has two primary schools in the suburb. It is located northeast of Invercargill Central.

Heinrich Müller (footballer)

Heinrich "Wudi" Müller (May 13, 1909 – April 5, 2000) was an Austrian football player and coach. In the early 1930s he was an part of Austria's Wunderteam. He played as midfielder mainly for Wiener AC and later for FK Austria Wien.

The trained shoemaker played from 1921 to 1935 for Wiener AC. With this club he won the 1931 Cup of Austria. In 1935 the midfielder moved to MTK Budapest where he won the Hungarian championships of 1936 and 1937. In June 1940 Müller returned to Vienna and joined Austria Wien.

In the early 1930s he played five times for the Austria national football team. He scored four goals. This includes two nominations for the famed Wunderteam.

As a coach, his name is primarily associated with FK Austria Wien. He was three times coach of the team. In total, he coached the club for 12 years.

Most successful was his first period which reached from 1945 to 1954. They became champions in the years 1949, 1950 and 1953 and Austrian Cup winner in 1948 and 1949. In the first three years he also played league matches for the club.

In 1956 he was coach of the Netherlands national football team for one match. In the later 1950s and early 1960s he coached Neherlands first division side Willem II in Tilburg.

In December 1964 after a short time with AEK in Athens, he returned to "Austria" Although they had promising players the club ended up seventh in the league and Ernst Ocwirk was placed as "sporting director" alongside Müller and replaced him fully by the end of the year. In the 1971–72 season he made another comeback on the coaching bench of "Austria", but was without titels again.


Brinkmanship

Brinkmanship (or brinksmanship) is the practice of trying to get a good outcome by pushing events to the brink of active conflict. This succeeds by causing the opponent to back down and make concessions. Ig they do not back down, they risk engaging in a conflict that would not be good for either side. That might be done with diplomacy. It is done by making the others think that one party will do something bad rather than concede. The tactic occurs in international politics, foreign policy, labor relations, modern military strategy, terrorism, and high-stakes litigation. 

The term is mainly associated with US Secretary of State, John Foster Dulles, from 1953 to 1956 during the Eisenhower administration. Dulles tried to prevent aggression by the Soviet Union by warning that the cost might be massive retaliation against Soviet targets.

Broomfield, Christchurch

Broomfield is a suburb on the western side of Christchurch. It was named for an estate by Rev. James Wilson (1813-1886), which he named it after a place near Leith in Scotland. Most of the housing built since 2010. State Highway 1 runs through the suburb and State Highway 73 runs through the northwestern side.

Cornufer cryptotis

Cornufer cryptotis is a frog. People have seen it in exactly two places, western Papua New Guinea and Yapin Island in Indonesia. Scientists saw found it no more than 50 m from the Utowa River, 150 meters above sea level.

Phyllodytes praeceptor

Phyllodytes praeceptor is a frog. It lives in the state of Bahia in Brazil not far from the ocean. People have also seen it in Serra da Jiboia, 694 m above sea level.

The adult male frog is 20.7-25.8 mm long from nose to rear end. This frog has large eyes.

This frog is not in danger of dying out. This is because it lives in such a large place. Human beings cut down much of its forest during the past hundred years, but the forest is so big that there is still a large place left. This frog lives in forests where the branches of the trees come together like a roof. This frog lives on bromeliad plants that live on large trees. The female frog lays eggs in the plant and the tadpoles swim in the water in the middle of the plant.

Human beings grow cacao under trees to shade the cacao plants. These frogs can live on these farm trees too. This is another reason why the frogs are not in danger.

Scientists think that the frogs might be in danger if people take away their bromeliad plants, but they do not think anyone is doing this as of 2021.

Sophomore

Sophomore is a term used in the United States to describe a student in the second year of study (generally referring to high school or university study). The word is also sometimes used in the USA as jargon for the second album released by a musician or group, the second movie of a director, or the second season of a professional athlete.

The word comes from Greek, "sophisma" ‘clever device’ from "sophizesthai" ‘to devise, become wise’, and the original English spelling was "Sophumer". It was not until 1726 that the spelling was established in America as "sophomore." 

In the United States, the 10th grade is usually the second year of a student's high school period and is referred to as sophomore year. High school sophomores are expected to begin preparing for the college application process, including reducing and focusing their extracurricular activities. Most students reach the age of 16 while they are sophomores. The year is considered a watermark for independence, closely connected with getting a driver's license in most states. The PSAT, a college preparatory exam taken across the U.S., is now most commonly taken during a student's sophomore year. Students at this level are also considered to be developing greater ability for abstract thinking.

In the U.S., colleges generally require students to declare an academic major by the end of their sophomore year. College sophomores are advised to begin thinking about career options and to get involved in volunteering or social organizations on or near campus.

Jeff Zients

Jeffrey Dunston Zients (born November 12, 1966) is an American businessman and politician who is the 31st White House Chief of Staff since 2023. From February 2014 to January 2017, he was the director of the National Economic Council. Zients was also acting director of the Office of Management and Budget in 2010 and 2013.

Zients was a member of Facebook's board of directors from 2018 to 2020.

In December 2020, Joe Biden named Zients as coordinator of the COVID-19 response and counselor to the president in his administration.

In January 2023, it was announced that Zients would replace Ron Klain as White House Chief of Staff in February.

2023 New Zealand general election

The 2023 New Zealand general election was held on 14 October 2023 to determine the 54th Parliament of New Zealand. Voters elected 120 members to the New Zealand House of Representatives under the mixed-member proportional (MMP) voting system, a proportional representation system in which 72 members were elected from single-member electorates and 48 members from closed party lists.

The incumbent centre-left Labour majority government, led by Chris Hipkins, tried to win a third term in government. However, they were defeated by the centre-right National Party, led by Opposition Leader Christopher Luxon, in a landslide. National will need support from the ACT party (and possibly also New Zealand First) to form government.

At the 2020 election, the centre-left Labour Party, led by Prime Minister Jacinda Ardern, won an outright majority in the House. The main opponents to the Labour government is the centre-right National Party, led by Christopher Luxon, and the right-wing ACT party, led by David Seymour.

On 19 January 2023, Ardern announced she would resign as Labour leader and prime minister before 7 February.


Avenue of Mathematics (Seville)

The Avenida de las Matemáticas is a public avenue located in Seville, Spain.

In December 2019, a group of young people from the "Montaigne College" in Seville promoted, together with their mathematics teacher, José Carlos Gámez, a campaign on Change.org to collect signatures and create a mathematics avenue in Seville. They created a website (callematematicassevilla.wordpress.com). In 2020, they had the support of the Seville Institute of Mathematics and the University of Seville.

On March 14, 2022, International Mathematics Day, the mayor of Seville, Antonio Muñoz, received the promoters of the campaign and approved the proposal. That same year it was presented at the "XX Jornadas para el Aprendizaje y Enseñanza de las Matemáticas".

On January 10, 2023, the Avenue was presented with the mayor of Seville, the education minister of the Junta de Andalucía, and various members of the Seville mathematical community.

Just after the Mathematics Avenue was inaugurated, Carlos Navarro Antolín, opinion journalist from the Diario de Sevilla, suggested that now a Latin and Greek street will be released, criticizing that the mayor is more concerned with mathematics.

Some people also complained that the opening ceremony of the Avenue was too exclusive, or that the street chosen was not the most suitable.

Nataša Pirc Musar

Nataša Pirc Musar (born May 9, 1968) is a Slovenian attorney and author. She is the 5th President of Slovenia since December 23, 2022. She is the former Information Commissioner and former president of the Slovenian Red Cross (2015–2016). She is the first female president of Slovenia.

Denys Monastyrsky

Denys Anatoliiovych Monastyrsky (; 12 June 1980 – 18 January 2023) was a Ukrainian lawyer and politician. He was Ukraine's Minister of Internal Affairs from 16 July 2021, until his death in a helicopter crash in January 2023.

Universal Credit

Universal Credit is part of the United Kingdom Social Security system. It was started in 2013 to replace six benefits for working-age people with a low income: income-related Employment and Support Allowance, income-based Jobseeker's Allowance, Income Support, Child Tax Credit, Working Tax Credit and Housing Benefit. Like them it is means tested. 

It is paid to families once a month and is designed to help people to work as much as they can. People under 25 get less. An extra amount is paid for children, but only for 2 unless they were born before 6 April 2017, are adopted or are born as part of a multiple birth. Extra money is paid for disabled people, disabled children and carers.

According to the New Economics Foundation the rates of benefit were not sufficient to meet the minimum income standard calculated by Loughborough University’s Centre for Research in Social Policy in April 2023.

People who are working can claim back up to 85% of their childcare costs. People who are responsible for a child or young person or living with a disability or health condition that affects their ability to work get a ‘work allowance’. Each £1 earned (above the monthly work allowance if there is one) reduces the payment by 55p. Universal Credit is paid monthly. People who are paid 4 weekly will get 2 sets of wages in one assessment period once a year, which will reduce their Universal Credit payment.

There is money for rent and some service charges. This is called the housing element. In every area there is a Local Housing Allowance for people renting private property. Help is limited to this level. It was set at the rent of one of the cheapest 30% of homes in the area in 2012. There are different levels for homes with different numbers of bedrooms. It was increased in September 2019 but since then in many places rents have risen more than the allowance. Two-thirds of lower income privately renting households have to find at least a quarter of their rent. 

People who are able to work must look for work or increase their earnings or their payment may be reduced. Self employed people are generally given a "minimum income floor." This is treated as their income each month that their reported income is less. 

Claims are generally made and managed online. People can go to Jobcentre Plus offices where their claims are managed. Citizens Advice are paid by the government to help people to claim. 
5.7 million people were getting Universal Credit in July 2022. 30% were not required to work. Half the households had children. The average monthly payment was £810.

Paul Mescal

Paul Mescal (; born 2 February 1996) is an Irish actor. His role in the miniseries "Normal People" (2020), earned him a nomination for a Primetime Emmy Award. His role in the 2022 movie "Aftersun", earned him nominations for the BAFTA and Academy Award for Best Actor.

Hong Chau

Hong Chau (born June 25, 1979) is a Thai-born American actress. She became well known for her role in "Downsizing". She had roles in the television shows "Watchmen" (2019) and "Homecoming" (2018–2020).

In 2023, Chau was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress for her role in "The Whale".

Kerry Condon

Kerry Condon (born 9 January 1983) is an Irish actress. She played Octavia of the Julii in "Rome" (2005–2007), Stacey Ehrmantraut in "Better Call Saul" (2015–2022), and has voiced F.R.I.D.A.Y. for the Marvel Cinematic Universe. 

Her role in the 2022 movie "The Banshees of Inisherin", earned her a nomination for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress and won her the BAFTA Award for Best Actress in a Supporting Role.

Stephanie Hsu

Stephanie Ann Hsu ( ; born November 25, 1990) is an American actress. She is well known for her role in the 2022 movie "Everything Everywhere All at Once" as Joy Wang/Jobu Tupaki. This role earned her a nomination for an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress.

Daniels (directors)

Daniel Kwan () and Daniel Scheinert, known collectively as Daniels, are American movie directors and screenwriters. They are known for directing the science-fiction movie "Everything Everywhere All at Once" (2022). For this movie, the Daniels won the Academy Awards for Best Picture, Best Director and Best Original Screenplay.

Todd Field

William Todd Field (born February 24, 1964) is an American actor and filmmaker. He is known for directing "In the Bedroom" (2001), "Little Children" (2006), and "Tár" (2022). Field has earned six Academy Award nominations, including Best Director, and Best Original Screenplay. His father-in-law was screenwriter Bo Goldman.

Martin McDonagh

Martin Faranan McDonagh (; born 26 March 1970) is a British-Irish playwright, screenwriter, producer, and director. He has been nominated for an Academy Award for Best Director and won four BAFTA Awards, three Laurence Olivier Awards. He was nominated for five Tony Awards. He directed the dark comedy movies "In Bruges" (2008), "Seven Psychopaths" (2012), "Three Billboards Outside Ebbing, Missouri" (2017), and "The Banshees of Inisherin" (2022).

Ruben Östlund

Ruben Östlund (born 13 April 1974) is a Swedish filmmaker. He is known for his movies "Force Majeure" (2014), "The Square" (2017) and "Triangle of Sadness" (2022). For his 2022 movie "Triangle of Sadness", he was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Director and Best Original Screenplay.

Citizens Advice

Citizens Advice (used to be called Citizens Advice Bureau) is the biggest independent advice organisation in the United Kingdom. The first 200 offices opened on 4 September 1939, four days after World War II started. In 1973, the government paid NACAB, the National Association of Citizens Advice Bureaux, to open more offices. In 2008/9, there were 416 member organisations offering advice from over 3,300 [laces in England and Wales and 22 more in Northern Ireland. They are all independent Charitable organizations. 

All Quiet on the Western Front (2022 movie)

All Quiet on the Western Front () is a 2022 German epic anti-war movie. It is based on the 1929 novel of the same name by Erich Maria Remarque. It is directed by Edward Berger. It stars Felix Kammerer, Albrecht Schuch, Daniel Brühl, Sebastian Hülk, Aaron Hilmer, Edin Hasanovic and Devid Striesow. 

"All Quiet on the Western Front" was released to streaming on Netflix on October 28, 2022. It had strong positive reviews from critics. It received a leading 14 nominations at the 76th British Academy Film Awards and nine at the 95th Academy Awards, including Best Picture.

The Banshees of Inisherin

The Banshees of Inisherin is a 2022 dark tragic comedy movie directed, written, and co-produced by Martin McDonagh. The movie stars Colin Farrell and Brendan Gleeson as two lifelong friends, who are no longer friends which causes bad things to happen to their lives. Kerry Condon and Barry Keoghan also star.

The setting is year 1923 on an island, that also is a place of fiction (or not real); The island is on the Irish west coast; A farmer (Colin Farrell) lives there in a simple house with his sister Siobhan (Kerry Condon); They have two cows and a small donkey.

The movie received nine nominations at the 95th Academy Awards, including Best Picture, Best Director (for McDonagh), Best Actor (for Farrell), Best Supporting Actor (for both Gleeson and Keoghan), Best Supporting Actress (for Condon) and Best Original Screenplay. 

It also had eight nominations at the 80th Golden Globe Awards, winning three Best Motion Picture – Musical or Comedy, Best Actor – Musical or Comedy (for Farrell), and Best Screenplay.

Everything Everywhere All at Once

Everything Everywhere All at Once is a 2022 American absurdist comedy-drama movie written and directed by Daniel Kwan and Daniel Scheinert (known as the "Daniels"). Kwan and Scheinert produced it with Anthony and Joe Russo and Jonathan Wang.

The movie is about a Chinese-American immigrant (played by Michelle Yeoh) who discovers that she must connect with parallel universe versions of herself to prevent a powerful villain from destroying the multiverse. 

The movie also stars Stephanie Hsu, Ke Huy Quan, Jenny Slate, Harry Shum Jr., James Hong, and Jamie Lee Curtis.

The movie was named a top-ten movie of 2022 by the National Board of Review and the American Film Institute. The movie also received two Golden Globes for Yeoh and Quan at the 80th Golden Globe Awards. It was nominated for 6 awards at the Golden Globes.

It was nominated for eleven awards at the 95th Academy Awards. It won seven of them, including Best Picture, Best Director, Best Actress for Yeoh,Best Supporting Actor for Quan, and Best Supporting Actress for Curtis. It is the first science-fiction movie to win Best Picture.


The Fabelmans

The Fabelmans is a 2022 American coming-of-age drama movie directed by Steven Spielberg, who co-wrote and co-produced it with Tony Kushner. The movie is a bit of an autobiographical story based on Spielberg's early years and first years as a filmmaker.

It stars Gabriel LaBelle as Sammy, alongside Michelle Williams, Paul Dano, Seth Rogen, and Judd Hirsch. The movie is dedicated to the memories of Spielberg's real-life parents Leah Adler and Arnold Spielberg.

The movie received seven nominations at the 95th Academy Awards, including Best Picture, Best Original Screenplay, Best Director for Spielberg, Best Actress for Williams, Best Supporting Actor for Hirsch.

It also earned five nominations at the 80th Golden Globe Awards in 2023, winning Best Motion Picture – Drama and Best Director for Spielberg.

Tár

Tár is a 2022 psychological drama movie written and directed by Todd Field and stars Cate Blanchett, Nina Hoss, Noémie Merlant, Sophie Kauer, Julian Glover, Allan Corduner, and Mark Strong.

"Tár" premiered at the 79th Venice International Film Festival in September 2022. It was released on October 28, 2022, by Focus Features to positive reviews. The American Film Institute named it one of the top 10 films of the year.

At the 95th Academy Awards, "Tár" received six nominations including Best Picture, Best Director for Field, Best Actress for Blanchett, and Field for Best Original Screenplay.

Triangle of Sadness

Triangle of Sadness is a 2022 black comedy movie written and directed by Ruben Östlund. It stars Harris Dickinson, Charlbi Dean, Dolly de Leon, Zlatko Burić, Henrik Dorsin, Vicki Berlin, and Woody Harrelson. The movie is about a celebrity couple on a luxury cruise with rich guests.

The movie had positive reviews. It received three nominations at the 95th Academy Awards, including Best Picture.

Women Talking (movie)

Women Talking is a 2022 American drama movie written and directed by Sarah Polley. It is based on the 2018 novel of the same name by Miriam Toews. The movie stars Rooney Mara, Claire Foy, Jessie Buckley, Judith Ivey, Ben Whishaw, and Frances McDormand.

It was released on January 20, 2023, by United Artists Releasing. It was named one of the top ten movies of 2022 by the National Board of Review and the American Film Institute. At the 95th Academy Awards, it received nominations for Best Picture and Best Adapted Screenplay.

The Whale (2022 movie)

The Whale is a 2022 American drama movie directed by Darren Aronofsky and written by Samuel D. Hunter. It is based on Hunter's 2012 play of the same name. It stars Brendan Fraser, Sadie Sink, Hong Chau, Ty Simpkins, and Samantha Morton.

The movie is about a depressed English teacher with obesity who tries to fix his relationship with his teenage daughter.

"The Whale" was released on December 21, 2022 by A24. The movie was controversial for its portrayal of obese people, however Fraser's and Chau's performances had positive reviews, both of which would earn nominations for an Academy Award. 

Hauschka

Volker Bertelmann (born 1966) is a German pianist and composer. He performs and records under the name Hauschka. In 2023, he won an Academy Award for Best Original Score for his work in "All Quiet on the Western Front" and a BAFTA Award.

Son Lux

Son Lux is an American experimental band. Their careers began in 2008. The band composed the music for 2022 science fiction action movie "Everything Everywhere All at Once", which received a nomination for the Academy Award for Best Original Score at the 95th Academy Awards.

Babylon (2022 movie)

Babylon is a 2022 American epic period comedy-drama movie written and directed by Damien Chazelle. It stars Brad Pitt, Margot Robbie, Diego Calva, Jean Smart, Jovan Adepo, and Li Jun Li with Tobey Maguire. It is about how the change from silent to sound films in the late 1920s affected Hollywood actors.

It was released in the United States on December 23, 2022 by Paramount Pictures to mixed reviews. 

It received three nominations at the 95th Academy Awards, including Best Original Score for Justin Hurwitz and five nominations at the 80th Golden Globe Awards, including Best Motion Picture – Musical or Comedy, winning Best Original Score.

Soft play area

An indoor play structure, also known as a soft play area, is a form of children's play structure that is commonly used indoors. These play structures often feature slides, ball pits, and ziplines. They may be very large (Billy Beez in the Mall of Dhahran in Saudi Arabia), or very small (the Alpine Soft Play Village at We Are Vertigo - Newtownbreda).

Vasudeva

According to Hindu scripture, Vasudeva (Devanagari , IAST '), also called Ānakadundubhii ("Drum", after the sound of drums heard at the time of his birth), is the father of the Hindu deities Krishna (Vāsudeva, i.e. "son of Vasudeva"), Balarama and Subhadra. He was king of the Vrishnis (Gopas) and a Yadava prince. He was the son of the Yadava king Shurasena. He was also the brother of Nanda, the foster-father of Krishna. His sister Kunti was married to Pandu. Kunti plays a big role later in the war Mahabharata.

According to the Harivansa Purana, Vasudeva and Nanda (who took care of Krishna during his early years as a child) were brothers. Nanda was a Kshatriya and a King.

Sage Kashyapa is said to have incarnated as Vasudeva, the father of Krishna due to a curse of the god Brahma. Once, the sage performed a yajna (a Vedic sacrifice) in his hermitage for the welfare of the world. Kashyapa sought the help of the god Varuna for the offerings of milk, ghee etc. Varuna granted the sage a holy cow which will provide the offerings on the condition that the sage returns the same to Varuna after the sacrifice. After completing the sacrifice after several days, Kashyapa was overcome with greed, realizing the miraculous power of the cow, and refused to return the cow arguing that whatever is offered to a Brahmin like Kashyapa should never be sought back, and whoever does that would turn out to be a sinner.
Varuna requested Brahma for intervention. Brahma told the sage to get rid of his greed which is capable of destroying all his virtues, but Kashyapa remained adamant. The enraged Brahma cursed Kashyapa that he would be born on earth again as a cowherd and his two cows Aditi and Surabhi would be his two wives. This was King Vasudeva with his wives Rohiņi and Devaki. Kashyapa repented for his mistake and pleaded Brahma for mercy. Brahma blessed Kashypa that he would still be born as a cowherd in the Gopa (Ahir) clan. and the god Vishnu would be born as his son.

Mustard (color)

Mustard is a shade of yellow. It is a dull/dark yellow color that resembles culinary mustard. It is similar to the color flax. Sometimes, we usually call this color mustard yellow. It's because it matches the condiment's color. Other names include culinary mustard or culinary mustard yellow.

Sirius XM

Sirius XM Holdings Inc. is an American broadcasting company. It uses satellite radio and online radio to broadcast in the United States. The company was made in 2008. It was made because Sirius Satellite Radio and XM Satellite Radio merged into one company. Sirius XM is the largest music company in North America.

Sirius XM has many different radio channels. One of its most popular channels is SiriusXM Hits 1.

In 2018, Sirius Xm bought Pandora. Pandora is a music streaming company. 

Soot

Soot is a mass of carbon particles. It comes from incomplete burning. It is known to cause cancer and lung diseases.

FilmFreeway

FilmFreeway is a Canadian website for people who make movies. They use it to submit their movies to hundreds of movies festivals around the world. It was the official sponsor of the 2020 Orlando cinema festival.
Partial list of partners:

Harriet Monroe

Harriet Monroe (December 23, 1860 – September 26, 1936) was an American editor, poet, and patron of the arts.

She started "Poetry" magazine in 1912. She was its editor until her death in 1936.

Monroe was the daughter of a lawyer in Chicago. She attended a private girls school in Washington, D. C. Then she wrote for the Chicago Tribune newspaper.

She published her first poem, “With a Copy of Shelley,” in "The Century" in 1899. Her first book of poems was "Valeria and Other Poems". She wrote a poem for the opening of Chicago's Columbian Exposition in 1893. She read it in public before a large crowd. In 1903 she published a book of plays, "The Passing Show".

She thought that American poetry should be different from European poetry. She also thought that poetry should be more original than many of the poems that were being printed in other places. She believed that poets should make money for their work, as other artists did. She began "Poetry" magazine by asking 100 people to give 50 dollars for five years. She also asked many writers and poets to send their work for her to print. The poet Ezra Pound wrote back quickly. He became an important person at the magazine.

Monroe died suddenly in 1936 in Peru.

Forb

A forb is a plant with broad leaves, flowers, and no woody stem. Forbs are herbaceous plants because their stems are green and soft, not woody. Many familiar plants are forbs, such as sunflowers, clovers, and melons.

Forbs are not a grouping used in taxonomy, because some forbs are more closely related to other plants than they are to each other. All herbaceous flowering plants are forbs except grasses, sedges, and rushes.

Louis V of France

Louis V (26 February 967 — 22 May 987) nicknamed the Do-Nothing () was the King of West Francia from 986 until his death a year later in 987. Unlike his father, Louis was an unpopular, ineffective, and an unsuccessful ruler. During his reign, the nobles ruled the country and that their power increased as Louis was not interested in ruling.

Rudolphina Menzel

Rudolphina Menzel (March 1, 1891–1973) was an Austrian-Jewish cynologist, or dog expert, and dog breeder. She created the dog breed called the Canaan dog. She founded the Palestinian Kennel Club (now the Israeli Kennel Club).

Menzel has been fascinated with dogs ever since she got bitten when she was four years old.

She rescued stray dogs from the streets but her parents consider dogs dirty and would not allow them in the house. She gave her allowance to her neighbors to take care of the stray dogs she rescued.

At their villa in the 1920’s the Menzels founded a dog training school. There Menzel and her husband studied dogs. Menzel trained common military breeds like German Shepards, Doberman pinschers, and Boxers. 

She trained dogs to offer protection. She trained dogs for the German police and the German army. She specifically used Hebrew commands.

Menzel Bred her own dog called the Canaan dog. They were first found in the Israel Kennel club in 1953. Caanan dogs were bred from Pariah Dogs German Shepherds, Doberman Pinschers, and Boxers. 

Menzel knew that dogs were used by police in Europe to hurt Jewish people. She was sad that Jewish people had become scared of dogs. Her goal for breeding dogs in Palestine was to bridge between the Jewish people and dogs.

Menzel’s dogs can track and carry sent and messages over many kilometers. Menzel created the breed known as "Israel's national dog."

Childeric III

Childeric III ( 717 – 754) was King of Francia from 743 until 751. He was deposed by Pope Zachary because of Pepin the Short. Although who his parents were is not known, he is believed to be the last Frankish king from the Merovingian dynasty. After he was deposed, Pepin the Short was made king. This started the Carolingian dynasty. Pepin was the father of emperor Charlemagne,


Mount Sinai

Mount Sinai ( "Har Sinai"; Aramaic: ܛܘܪܐ ܕܣܝܢܝ "Ṭūrāʾ Dsyny"), also known as Jabal Musa (, translation: Mount Moses), is a mountain on the Sinai Peninsula of Egypt. It is possibly the place where Moses was given the Ten Commandments, according to the Torah, Bible, and Quran, .

It is a high mountain near the city of Saint Catherine in the region known today as the Sinai Peninsula. The mountain is surrounded on all sides by higher peaks in its mountain range. It is next to Mount Catherine which, at , is the highest peak in Egypt.

Louis X of France

Louis X (4 October 1289 – 5 June 1316), known as the Quarrelsome (French: "le Hutin)", was King of France from 1314 and King of Navarre as Louis I from 1305 until his death. He freed Serfs who couldn't buy their freedom and allowed Jews into the Kingdom. His short reign was marked by tensions with the Nobility, due to economic reforms started during the reign of his father Philip IV. He was succeeded by his son John I.

Louis inherited the Kingdom of Navarre from his mother Joan on 4 April 1305 and was coronated on 1 October 1307. Louis' first wife would be found guilty of infidelity during the Tour de Nesle affair.

He died on 5 June 1316 from either pneumonia or pleurisy after a game of real tennis and was buried in the Basilica of Saint-Denis where his effigy still exists.

Hethum II of Armenia

Hethum II (Armenian: Հեթում Բ; 1266 – November 17, 1307), was king of the Armenian Kingdom of Cilicia, ruling from 1289 to 1293, 1295 to 1296 and 1299 to 1303, while Armenia was a subject state of the Mongol Empire. He was the son of Leo III of Armenia.

Alice B. Toklas

Alice Babette Toklas (April 30, 1877 – March 7, 1967) was the life partner of American writer Gertrude Stein. Later in her life, she wrote cookbooks and her memoirs.

Toklas was born in San Francisco. Her parents were rich. She went to private schools and The University of Washington in Seattle. After the San Francisco earthquake in 1906, she met the brother and sister-in-law of Gertrude Stein. They told her about life in Paris, and she was very interested in that.

In September 1907, Toklas went to Paris and soon met Gertrude Stein. They became friends and lovers. They lived together in Paris and southern France until Stein died in 1946. Toklas managed their household. She took care of the details of everyday life. This let Stein work on her writing. In Paris they were able to hold weekly gatherings where Stein's art collection would be shown. Many important artists and writers came to these, such as Pablo Picasso and Ernest Hemingway.

In 1933 Stein wrote her own life story, but she called it "The Autobiography of Alice B. Toklas". The book was very popular, and Toklas became famous. From October 1934 to May 1935, she went to America with Stein. Stein gave lectures about writing and was very popular.

After Stein died, Toklas wrote her cookbook. It included little stories about Stein and their adventures in France. And she wrote her memoir of life with Stein. She died in 1967. She is buried next to Stein in the Pére-Lachaise cemetery in Paris.


San Fernando City, La Union

San Fernando City, La Union is a 3rd class component city in La Union, Philippines. It is the regional capital of Region 1 (Ilocos), and has a population of about 125,640, according to the 2020 Region 1 census. The City of San Fernando is in the mountains at almost the mid-section of La Union along the China Sea. It was founded in May 6, 1786 and made the “cabecera” or provincial capital on the same day that La Union became province in 1850.

Some famous tourist spots in San Fernando include:

Reza Mirkarimi

Reza Mirkarimi (; born 27 January 1967) is an Iranian screenwriter and film director.

He was also director of Fajr International Film Festival which is the most important Iranian film festival.

Reza Mirkarimi graduated from Fine Arts faculty of University of Tehran in graphic arts in Tehran. His film career started in 1987 with a short film named "For Him" (16mm camera). He then directed a series of short films and two TV series aimed at young people. His 1999 first feature, "The Child and The Soldier", has won several national and international awards, including the ”Golden Butterfly” at the 1999 Isfahan International Children and Youth Film Festival, Iran and the "Montgolfiere d'Argent” at the Festival of 3 Continents, Nantes, France, in 2000. This film also won "Golden Shoe" at the "Children and Teenagers Film Festival" in Zelin, Croatia, in 2001. "The Child and The Soldier", was released in France in 2001. In 2000 he directed his second feature, "Under the Moonlight". It is about social and religious issues in modern Iran. It won the Best Feature Award at the 40th Critics' Week at the 2001 Cannes International Film Festival. The film also won the Best Director's Award as well as the Special Jury Prize at the Tokyo IFF in 2001, and the Golden Peacock Award at the International Film Festival of India. His fourth and fifth feature films, "As Simple as That" (2007) and "Daughter" (2016), won the Golden George Award for the Best Picture at the 30th and the 38th Moscow International Film Festival respectively. He also contributes to young Iranian directors by producing their films. He has produced "Don't be Tired" in 2012 and <nowiki>Voice of Silence</nowiki> in 2013. His latest film, "Castle of Dreams" (2019), won three awards at Shanghai International Film Festival. These awards were the best picture, the best director, and the best actor. Mirkarimi has so far won seven Golden Simorgh awards at Fajr International Film Festival. Three of his films have been presented by Iran for the Best Foreign Language Film Oscar: "So Close, So Far", "A Cube of Sugar", and "Today". He has also served as jury of several international film festival. These festivals include Black Nights Film Festival (Estonia), Tokyo International Film Festival (Japan), Carthage Film Festival (Tunisia), Bogota International Film Festival (Colombia), Golden Apricot – Yerevan International Film Festival (Armenia). He was jury president at the 39th Moscow International Film Festival. He has also served as managing director of Khane-ye Cinema (Iranian Alliance of Motion Picture Guilds). Reza Mirkarimi has been director of Fajr International Film Festival for four years from 2016 to 2019.




In 2021 he was selected as Jury Chairman for Kim Jiseok Award in 26th Busan International Film Festival.



Eloisa Marchesoni

Eloisa Marchesoni (born 1997) is a tokenomics expert living in New York.

Eloisa studied at Bocconi University in Milan, Italy.

She began her work in 2016 at the age of 18, offering global advice on ICO, IEO, and STO tokenomics.

Eloisa has been advising cryptocurrency businesses since 2018.

Borough (New Jersey)

A borough (also spelled boro) is a type of local government in New Jersey.

There are 253 boroughs in New Jersey. They are led by a mayor and a council with six people in it. The first borough was Elizabeth, which is now a city.

The Borough Act of 1878 allowed towns smaller than with less than 5,000 people to become a borough. This led to "boroughitis", where a large number of boroughs were made.


Cynocephalus

Cynocephalus may refer to;


Alha

Alha was a legendary Ahir general of the Chandel king Paramardideva (also known as Parmal), who fought Prithviraj Chauhan in 1182 CE, immortalised in the Alha-Khand ballad. The Alha and Udal of the Ahir/Yadava clan of Mahoba, are said to have defeated Prithviraj Chauhan in 52 battles. The Alha and Udal ballads sing of Ahir bravery in the medieval age. 

Alha and Udal were children of the Dasraj, a successful commander of the army of Chandel king Parmal. They belonged to the Ahir/Yadav community.

According to Bhavishya Purana, a text with several interpolated sections that cannot be reliably dated, Alha's mother, Devaki, was a member of the Ahir caste.

Alha is an oral epic, the story is also found in a number of medieval manuscripts of the Prithviraj Raso and the Bhavishya Purana. There is also a belief that the story was originally written by Jagnik, bard of Mahoba, but no manuscript has yet been found.

H.A. Rose wrote in his book, ""Some Indian Folklore in the Lay of Alha"": 

Thoros III of Armenia

Thoros III or Toros III (Armenian: Թորոս Երրորդ, same as Theodore; c. 1271 – 23 July 1298) was king of the Armenian Kingdom of Cilicia, ruling from 1293 to 1298. He was the son of Leo III of Armenia and Keran, and the brother and successor of Hethum II.

Keran, Queen of Armenia

Keran of Lampron (before 1262 – 28 July 1285) was by-birth a member of the house of Lampron and by marriage Queen consort of Armenia.

She was the daughter of Prince Hethum of Lampron by his unknown wife, who probably was from Frankish origin. She had three known siblings: Marianne, Alix (later wife of Balian d'Ibelin, Seneschal of Cyprus), and Raymond, Lord of Michael'gla.

Adolescent’s Orquesta

Adolescent’s Orquesta is a Venezuelan "romántica" salsa band directed and produced by Porfi Baloa in 1995 in Caracas, Venezuela.

Studio albums


The Venezuelan group has been given many awards, such as the “Mara de Oro” Award, the Meridiano de Oro Award, and the “Estrella de Oro” (given in New York as Revelation Orchestra of the Year). In 1996 and 1997, the group was given the Latin A.C.E Award by the Asociación de Cronistas de Espectáculos de Nueva York. The group was nominated for Lo Nuestro Award and for the Golden Globe in the category of Salsa. 

After almost 7 years, Adolescentes Orquesta returned with their fourth production, "Ahora más que nunca." It has a variety of rhythms and lyrics. Along with the usual salsa, it includes a bachata which led the Embajadores de la Salsa in Venezuela to the peak of popularity. Currently, Adolescentes Orquesta is preparing its fifth production.


Smbat I Hetumian

Smbat (Armenian: Սմբատ; 1277 – c. 1310) was king of the Armenian Kingdom of Cilicia, ruling from 1296 to 1298. He was the son of Leo III of Armenia and Queen Keran of Armenia.

Axios (website)

Axios (also written as ΛXIOS) is an American news website. It was started in 2016 by Jim VandeHei, Mike Allen and Roy Schwartz. The three founders were journalists working for "Politico". The site's name is a Greek word: ἄξιος ("áxios"), meaning "worthy".

Articles on "Axios" are always shorter than 300 words and and use bullet points to make it easier for people to read. Axios produces news articles, daily and weekly newsletters for various industries, and two daily podcasts.

On September 1, 2022, Cox Enterprises became the owner of "Axios".

VandeHei said he wanted "Axios" to be a "mix between "The Economist" and Twitter". The company started by covering a mix of business, politics, technology, health care, and media. When they launched, Nicholas Johnston, a former managing editor at Bloomberg, was the editor-in-chief.

In 2016, "Axios" got $10 million in a round of funding led by Lerer Hippeau Ventures. As of November 2017, "Axios" had raised $30 million. "Axios" makes money from short adverts and sponsored newsletters. It earned more than $10 million in revenue in its first seven months.

Carer's Allowance

Carers Allowance is a Social Security benefit for people in the United Kingdom who care for disabled people but are not paid to do so. 

It was started as Invalid Care Allowance in 1976, and married women were not eligible then. The European Court in 1986 decided that this was unlawful sexual discrimination and the law was changed. 

To qualify a person must show that they care for a disabled person for at least 35 hours a week. There is no definition of caring. Only one person can claim to care for each disabled person. The disabled person must be getting one of these benefits:


The weekly payment is £69.70 per week from April 2022 to 2023. It is taxable and counts as earned income. This is less than most other benefits. 

People under 16, in full-time education, or or getting a State Pension cannot get it. A person cannot get it if they earn more than £132 per week (after deductions including tax, national insurance and certain expenses) They can claim Universal Credit and will get extra as a carer. There is no earnings limit for carers on Universal Credit.

About 5 million people said in the 2021 census that they were unpaid carers. Only 977,506 claimed Carer's Allowance in 2022, according to Carer's UK. in a 2023 survey 41% had to give up paid work completely. 23% had reduced the hours they worked. 14% were using food banks. More of the people getting Carer’s Allowance said they were struggling to make ends meet than those who weren't.

Disability Living Allowance

Disability Living Allowance (DLA) is a Social Security benefit for disabled people in the United Kingdom. It was started in 1992, joining Mobility Allowance and Attendance Allowance into one benefit for people under 65 with two new lower rates of benefit. Since 2013 it is only for children under sixteen. After that age disabled people have to claim Personal Independence Payment. The Scottish Government started a new benefit for disabled children In November 2021, called Child Disability Payment. In February 2022 there were about 1,349,000 children getting Disability Living Allowance, including those in Scotland.

There are two parts of the benefit - care and mobility.

The care part has three rates. For the lowest rate, £24.45,
the child must need help with their bodily functions for some of the day. Bodily functions includes things like washing and dressing, eating, using the toilet, talking and listening. For the middle rate, £61.85, they must need frequent help all through the day, or watching to avoid danger to themselves or other people. Or they must need a lot of help during the night, or need a person to be awake and watch over them at night. A child who meets both day and night conditions gets the highest rate, £92.40.

The mobility (walking) part has two rates. To get the high rate, £64.50, the child must be unable to walk, or only able to walk for a very limited distance, or at a limited speed or manner. Children who are blind or have no feet qualify. A child who has intelligence and behaviour problems so that they cannot be left alone can get the high mobility rate, if they get the highest rate of care. If they get the high rate it can be used to get a car or wheelchair from Motability. To get the lower mobility rate, £24.45, they have to show that they need to be guided or watched most of the time. 

Rates are for 2022-3.

The help the child needs must be more than a normal child of their age needs.

Point-blank range

Point-blank range is any distance where a certain firearm can hit a target without the need to adjust for bullet drop. When a bullet leaves a firearm, it is pulled downwards by gravity. When shooting at a distant target, the shooter must point the firearm above the target to adjust for this. If the target is close enough to the shooter, the distance the bullet drops will be very small. In this case, the shooter can aim the gun straight at the target. 

The sights of a gun are set so that the barrel has a small upward tilt. When the bullet leaves the gun, it starts by rising and later drops. This means that weapon hits too low for very close targets, too high for mid-range targets, too low for very far targets. It hits point blank at the two distances when it crosses between too low and too high. For a .270 Winchester, as an example, the bullet first crosses the line of sight at about 23m (25 yds) as it is rising and again at about 250m (275 yds). With this gun, point blank range for a deer size target is about 275m (300-310 yards).

Point-blank range is different for each weapon. The flatter the bullet's trajectory or the larger the target, the longer the point-blank range will be.

In popular usage, point-blank range has come to mean very close range but not close enough to be a contact shot.

James Schuyler

James Marcus Schuyler (November 9, 1923 – April 12, 1991) was an American poet, art critic, and novelist.

Schuyler was born in Chicago and grew up in East Aurora, New York. He went to college at Bethany College in West Virginia from 1941 to 1943. Then he joined the U. S. Navy. In 1947, he moved to the Isle of Ischia in Italy for two years. He lived in the rented house of poet W. H. Auden and was his secretary.

He moved to New York City in 1950. He shared an apartment with his friends, the poets Frank O’Hara and John Ashbery. He wrote about art for the magazine "Art News". At the Museum of Modern Art, he organized travelling art shows. He became friends with painters Fairfield Porter, Willem de Kooning, Elaine de Kooning, Jane Freilicher, and Larry Rivers.

Schuyler's first important poetry book, "Freely Espousing", came out in 1969 when he was 46. He won the Pulitzer Prize for Poetry in 1981 for "The Morning of the Poem". He also received a Guggenheim Fellowship in 1981, and a Fellowship from the American Academy of Poets in 1983. Along with his friends O'Hara, Ashbery, Barbara Guest, and Kenneth Koch, he was part of what was called The New York School of poets.

Schuyler died in New York City in 1991. He is buried in Suffolk County, Long Island, New York.




2026 Florida gubernatorial election

The 2026 Florida gubernatorial election will be held on Tuesday, November 3, 2026, to elect the governor of Florida. Incumbent Governor Ron DeSantis will be term limited through the state's constitution and cannot run for reelection to a third term.

Section 5 of the state's constitution states for a person to serve as governor must:


The governor is indirectly elected by the citizens of Florida through the Popular election to a four-year term, along with the lieutenant governor candidate and the incumbent lieutenant governor of Florida. The gubernatorial candidate or incumbent governor must have at least majority votes in order to win the election.

The state's constitution forbids anyone from being elected governor more than twice.

The "Dobbs v. Jackson Women's Health Organization" decision in June 2022, which overturned the 1973 "Roe v. Wade" decision and permitted U.S. states to fully ban abortion for the first time in nearly 50 years, has made abortion a more possible issue. In the 2026 election, the topic of abortion is expected to play a major role in the Republican Party.

Due to mass shootings increasingly surging in the United States, the Democratic Party has advocated for an assault weapons ban. This is most likely a major campaign topic to play out in both parties.
The Covid-19 pandemic left a major effect in Florida, leaving over more than 70,000 deaths and over 5 million confirmed cases. This issue will most likely be the main topic within the Republican Party.

Incumbent Governor Ron DeSantis was elected in 2018 and was reelected in 2022, and cannot seek reelection to a third term due to the state's constitution of term limits. 

Potential candidates haven't stated or expressed interest in running yet but might do so such as, Lieutenant Governor Jeanette Nuñez, Attorney General Ashley Moody, Congressman Matt Gaetz, Senator Marco Rubio or Florida First Lady Casey DeSantis

Potential candidates haven't stated or expressed interest in running yet, but the following individuals have been floated as possible candidates:


We Have a Ghost

We Have a Ghost is a 2023 American comedy horror movie directed by Christopher Landon from a screenplay also by him. It stars David Harbour, Jahi Winston, Tig Notaro, Jennifer Coolidge, and Anthony Mackie. It is based on a 2017 short story called Ernest written by Geoff Manaugh.

"We Have a Ghost" was released on February 24, 2023, by Netflix. It received mixed reviews from movie critics.

Finding a ghost named Ernest haunting their new home turns Kevin's family into overnight social media sensations. But when Kevin and Ernest investigate the mystery of Ernest's past, they become a target of the CIA.

In addition, Dr. Phil McGraw has a cameo appearance as himself.

Andreas Gursky

Andreas Gursky (born 15 January 1955) is a German photographer. He is better known for his large scale photographs of landscapes and buildings. He is one of the photographers whose work reaches the highest prices in the art market. He is present in many of the world art museums.

Personal Independence Payment

Personal Independence Payment is a Social Security benefit for disabled people over 16 in the United Kingdom. It was started in 2013, replacing Disability Living Allowance for people over 16. It is tax free. It is for people in or out of work. To get it people must be between 16 and State Pension age and living in the UK. They do not need to have paid any National Insurance Contributions. They have to show that they:


The ‘daily living component’ is for extra help needed with everyday tasks:


There is a check, normally by telephone. Claimants are given a score for each task. 8 to 11 points for daily living gives the lower rate, £68.10. 12 points or more gives the higher rate, £101.75.

The ‘mobility component’ is for extra help needed getting around. This includes moving, planning a journey or following a route. 8 to 11 points gives the lower rate, £26.90. 12 or more gives the higher rate, £71.00. People who get the enhanced mobility rate can use it to get a car or wheelchair under the Motability scheme. 

These amounts are weekly rates for 2023/4. 

Latgale

Latgale is the historical land of Latvia. This is a region in the east. It is located to the north of the Daugava River. 

The territory of Latgale appears in the 12th and 13th centuries. After 1561, the Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth ruled. And then the Russian Empire (1772-1918).

The name of the area was "Inflanty". The name "Latgale" was invented by the Latgalian writer Francis Kemps (1876–1953) in 1900. It was originated from the ancient term "Lotigolu".

Latgale is 22% of Latvia.

The highest point is 289 meters (Great Linden Hill).

Latgale is called the land of blue lakes. There are more than 2000 lakes in Latgale.

Latgale has very beautiful nature. Winters are always harsh. A lot of snow.

Main cities are Daugavpils, Rēzekne, Jēkabpils.

Heritage: 


Traditions: 


The cultural heritage list of Latgale contains more than 600 objects. 

Until the end of the 12th century in Latgale were several state formations of Latgale.

Since 1561, Latgale was a part of the Grand Duchy of Lithuania.

Later it was divided into 4 parts: Daugavpils, Rezekne, Ludza and Vilaka.

In 1772, Latgale was annexed by the Russian Empire.

From 1802 to 1917, Latgale was a part of the .

In 1919-1920, Latgale was added to the rest of Latvia.

Motability

Motability is a British charity founded in 1977. It runs the Motability Scheme for disabled people, their families and their carers to get a new car, scooter or powered wheelchair. The disability benefit is paid to Motobility. 

A person must have at least twelve months to run on one of:

<nowiki>*</nowiki> Higher Rate Mobility Component of Disability Living Allowance, 

<nowiki>*</nowiki> Enhanced Mobility Component of Personal Independence Payment,

<nowiki>*</nowiki>Scottish Higher rate mobility component of Child or Adult Disability Payment,

<nowiki>*</nowiki>Armed Forces Independence Payment 

<nowiki>*</nowiki>War Pensioners' Mobility Supplement. 

They can choose a new car every three years or a wheelchair-accessible vehicle every five years. There are grants for adapting vehicles. They can get a more expensive one by paying extra.

Mecabricks

Mecabricks is an online tool to build, render and animate Lego in a browser using Three.js. In 2012, Nicolas Jarraud (online alias "scrubs") released the first version of Mecabricks. There have been updates with new features such as a tool to animate or the mosaic tool. Mecabricks is popular for its ability to export models directly to blender for realistic rendering and its large library of models.

Some tools the workshop has are:
<br>The the color of the pieces can be changed using a color palette which corresponds to the official Lego colors.<br>The workshop can export and import these file formats:
The Mecabricks render farm was custom built by Scrubs and allows rendering models in the browser by sending the model to the renderfarm. After rendering is complete, the image is sent to Mecabricks where it can be downloaded. The render farm can be used for free, but users are only allowed 10 free renders a day under 0.7 million pixels. With rendering comes a few objects that can be of help, such as lamps, cameras and the volumetric box. Multiple frames can be rendered for rendering animations and other features such as scratches, fingerprints and dents can make the render(s) look even more realistic.
Animation can be done in nodes, which is a separate area from the workshop view that can be toggled on or off. Different node trees are executed when the animation plays. The node trees themselves contain nodes which can determine a piece's position, material (color) and visibility over a timespan. It is also possible to instance large amounts of pieces.<br>Other settings such as frame rate and animation length can also be determined in nodes.
Ttextures can be added to parts, which can be uploaded to free storage for these prints. These prints are then available and can be exported to blender using the blender addon. Other people can then save this print as their own if the model is public and open to workshop.


State Pension (United Kingdom)

The State Pension is a United Kingdom Social Security benefit, also known as Retirement Pension. To get it people have to pay National Insurance Contributions. 

Pensions were introduced for poor people over 70 in 1908. The Widows’, Orphans’ and Old Age Contributory Pensions Act in 1925 started the first state pension scheme, paid for by both the employee and employer. In 1940 the Old Age and Widows’ Pension Act improved the benefits available to women. 

The Basic State Pension was introduced in 1948. 

In 1978 the State Earnings-Related Pension Scheme and the Guaranteed Minimum Pensions started. 

In 1995 the law was changed so that the women's pension age would be made equal with men. After 2007 the age people could claim a pension was gradually raised because people were living longer. By 2027 the State Pension age will be 67. The new State Pension was introduced for people reaching State Pension Age from 6 April 2016.

In 2023/4 the full rate of New State Pension is £203.85.

In February 2022 there were 12,496,000 people getting State Pension. 

Since October 2020 the minimum State Pension Age has been 66 years.

Widows benefit

Widow's benefits in the United Kingdom include 


National Insurance

National Insurance was the beginning of the welfare state in the United Kingdom. It was started by the National Insurance Act 1911. The idea of insurance was attractive to Lloyd George because it kept individual responsibility. In Britain there were flat rate contributions and flat rate benefits. In Europe both contributions and benefits were generally relative to the workers normal pay. It has changed a great deal since then. 

in 1912 the workers who paid their National Insurance could visit a General practitioner and get medicine they were prescribed without paying. But this did not include their families. 

--------People are given a National Insurance number, often called a NINo, when they are 16. They must have this to get work. Workers make regular payments calculated as a fraction of their pay. The payments are collected and recorded by HM Revenue and Customs. Until 1973 people had a card for each year with stamps to show they had paid. After that it was joined to the system for collecting income tax. They can then get benefits when they cannot work. 

People over retirement age do not pay.

There are four sort of contributions (payments).

Class 1 contributions are paid by employers and their workers. Nothing is paid by people who earn less than £123 a week. Between £123 and £242 a week workers get a credit but dont pay. Between £242 and £967 a week workers pay 12%. Over £175 a week employers pay 13.8% (including for people over retirement age).

Class 2 contributions are £3 a week paid by self-employed people. 

Class 3 contributions are voluntary, People pay to improve their contribution record, usually to protect their pension.

Class 4 contributions are paid by self-employed people as a portion of their profits.

People who cannot work for some reason may get NI credits, usually when claiming benefits. 

The benefits with a contribution condition:


Basil Bunting

Basil Cheesman Bunting (1 March 1900 – 17 April 1985) was a British modernist poet.

He was born in the northeastern part of England on March 1, 1900. His family were Quakers. As a young man during World War I, he refused to be in the military or help the war effort. He spent 122 days in prison.

In 1923 he met poet Ezra Pound in Paris. In the time before World War II, he travelled to London, Germany, Italy, the United States, and the Canary Islands. Sometimes he worked as a sailor. Pound supported his poetry. Through Pound he met poet Louis Zukofsky and writer James Joyce. In 1930 his first book, "Redimiculum Matellarum", came out. In 1931 Zukosfsky included one of Bunting's poems in his "Objectivist" group in Poetry magazine. In 1933 many of his poems were printed in Pound’s "Activist Anthology".

When war began, he joined the British Royal Air Force. He knew the Persian language and worked in Persia for the British government during and after the war. Around 1950 he quit his government post to work for the "Times" newspaper. He had to leave Persia in 1952 when someone said he was a British spy. He returned to England for the rest of his life.

In 1966 he published "Briggflats", his most important book. It is a long poem of 700 lines. It has been explained as "a romantic celebration of seasons, homecoming, and love, intensely musical."



Statutory Sick Pay

Statutory Sick Pay (SSP) is a Social Security benefit in the United Kingdom. It was started in 1983. It is paid by employers to their employees when they are off work because of sickness for more than 3 days at a time. It is £99.35 per week in 2023. It can be paid for up to 28 weeks. After that a sick person may get Employment and Support Allowance. 

It is not paid to:

People may get Universal Credit at the same time.

Ye (album)

Ye ( ; stylized in all lowercase) is a hip hop album by Kanye West. It is his eighth studio album. It had 2 singles and 6 tracks. It was released on June 1, 2018 through GOOD Music and distributed by Def Jam Recordings. Following controversy with an interview with TMZ, West re-recorded all the work on the album. He did this in the time of 2 weeks at West Lake Ranch in Jackson Hole, Wyoming. The album has songs that feature vocals from musicians PartyNextDoor, Ty Dolla Sign, Kid Cudi, Charlie Wilson, Jeremih, 070 Shake, and others.

West produced Ye with Mike Dean and many others. This led to West making a studio album with Kid Cudi named "Kids See Ghosts". Later on, it suceeded Nas and Teyana Taylor's K.T.S.E.. West held a listening party for "Ye" on May 31, 2018. It was livestreamed from Jackson Hole.

Cornufer browni

Cornufer browni is a frog. People have seen it in the mountains near Weitin Valley and on New Ireland Island in Papua New Guinea. People have seen it between 100 and 200 meters above sea level and between 1100 and 1300 meters above sea level.

The adult male frog is 23.4 mm long and the adult female frog is 26.7 mm long. It has large disks on its toes for climbing. The skin of the frog's back is the color of bronze or gray-brown with light marks. Sometimes the frog has a line down the middle of his back or black marks on its back. The sides of the frog has some red color. The frog's face is dark brown or black in color with some brown-white marks. There is black color on the legs and rear end. The belly is yellow-gray or gray-black in color with silver marks. The iris of the eye is bronze to gold in color.

These frogs live in primary forest and secondary forest where the branches of the trees look like a roof. The frog hides in dead leaves on the ground during the day and moves at night.

The frogs move the most after it rains.

Dear Ishq

Dear Ishq () is an Indian Hindi-language romantic drama television series that premiered on 26 January 2023 on Disney+ Hotstar. It was produced by Yash A Patnaik and Mamta Patnaik under the banner Beyond Dreams Entertainment and Inspire Films.

The series stars Sehban Azim and Niyati Fatnani.


The series was announced on Disney+ Hotstar by Beyond Dreams Entertainment and Inspire Films. It is based on Ravinder Singh's "Write Me A Love Story" (2021). Sehban Azim and Niyati Fatnani were signed as the lead. The promo featuring the leads was released on 17 January 2023.

"Shaheen Irani" from OTT Play reviewed "the show was sharply criticized for being cliched, lack of focus, and questionable camera shots. They felt it was more in line with a typical Hindi television show than a web series."


Gilbert Ryle

Gilbert Ryle (19 August 1900 – 6 October 1976) was a British philosopher. Today, he is mostly known for his critique of Cartesian dualism, which he called "ghost in the machine." He was a f British ordinary language philosophers who shared Ludwig Wittgenstein's approach to philosophical problems.

Some of Ryle's ideas in philosophy of mind have been called behaviourist. In his best-known book, "The Concept of Mind" (1949), he writes that the "general trend of this book will undoubtedly, and harmlessly, be stigmatised as 'behaviourist'." Having studied the philosophers Bernard Bolzano, Franz Brentano, Alexius Meinong, Edmund Husserl, and Martin Heidegger, Ryle suggested that the book instead "could be described as a sustained essay in phenomenology, if you are at home with that label."

Longevity claims

Longevity claims are cases of asserted human longevity that have no evidence or have partial evidence. Those asserting lifespans of 110 years or more are generally referred by as supercentenarians. Many have no available evidence or are backed by partial evidence. Cases where longevity has been fully verified, according to modern standards of longevity research, are reflected in an established list of supercentenarians based on the work of organizations such as the Gerontology Research Group (GRG) or Guinness World Records. This article lists living claims greater than that of the oldest living person whose age has been independently verified, Spanish woman Maria Branyas, aged 115 years, 329 days, and deceased claims greater than that of the oldest person ever whose age has been verified, French woman Jeanne Calment, who died at the age of 122 years and 164 days.

"Guinness World Records" from its inception in 1955, began keeping a list of oldest living people. To be in the list, a supercentenarian needs to have at least 3 verified documents.

The oldest person verified by modern standards, and the only person with evidence to have lived to be at least 120 years of age, is French woman Jeanne Calment (21 February 1875 – 4 August 1997), aged 122 years and 164 days.
The oldest man verified by modern standards, and the only man with undisputed evidence to have lived to be over 115, is Japanese man Jiroemon Kimura (19 April 1897 – 12 June 2013), aged 116 years and 54 days.

The oldest verified living person is Spanish-American born woman Maria Branyas, born 4 March 1907, aged 115 years, 329 days.
Lucy Hannah, previously regarded as having reached age 117, had her verification removed in 2020 following the discovery of additional documents.
In numerous editions from the 1960s through the 1980s, Guinness stated that

No single subject is more obscured by vanity, deceit, falsehood, and deliberate fraud than the extremes of human longevity.

Maggie Barnes (1882/1880/1881-1998) claimed to be 117 at her death on January 19 1998. Inconsistent records claim that she was a year younger, 6 March 1882 is the latest, but possibly a year earlier.
Hanna Barysevich: Barysevich claimed to have been 118. This can be neither verified nor disproven from Belarus records. The claim is demographically possible but incompletely verified.
Pasikhat Dzhukalaeva: In 2004, The Moscow Times reported that Dzhukalayeva, of Chechnya, claimed to have been born in 1881 (age 122). The claim is possible but incompletely verified. Her death has not been reported since that time, so no age above 122 has been verifiably claimed.
Susie Brunson: Her obituaries appear in Star-News newspaper and The New York Times. Her family claimed that she was born 25 December 1870 and lived to age 123, dying in late November 1994.

These are lists of people whose lifespans remain unverified by proximate records, including both modern (since 1955). which an individual's supercentenarian lifespan is not (yet) backed by records sufficient to the standards of modern longevity research are listed as unverified. They may be factually true, even though records do not exist (or have not yet been found), so such lists include these grey-area cases.

These are deceased cl

Longevity myths are traditions about long-lived people (generally supercentenarians), either as individuals or groups of people, and practices that have been believed to confer longevity, but which current scientific evidence does not support, nor the reasons for the claims. While literal interpretations of such myths may appear to indicate extraordinarily long lifespans, many scholars believe such figures may be the result of incorrect translations of number systems through various languages, coupled along with the cultural and symbolic significance of certain numbers.

Outside of mythology, the record for the maximum verified lifespan in the modern world is years for women (Jeanne Calment) and 116 years for men (Jiroemon Kimura). Some scientists estimate that in case of the most ideal conditions people can live up to 127 years.

Hey Ya!

"Hey Ya!" is a song by Outkast. Outkast is an American hip-hop music group. André 3000 wrote the song. He is one of the members of Outkast. "Hey Ya!" was released as a single on August 25, 2003. It is a song on the group's fifth album, "Speakerboxxx/The Love Below". The song was number one on music charts in many countries. Many people think "Hey Ya!" is one of the best songs from the 2000s.

"Hey Ya!" was released as a single in many different ways. It was released as a vinyl single, maxi single, and CD single. 






List of Spanish painters

This is a list of or famous Spanish painters. 




































1931–32 Austrian Cup

The 1931-32 Austrian Cup was the cup competition in Austrian football. 

First round with teams from the Second league



First round with teams from the highest league

 

Replay match:



Matthias Kaburek

Matthias Kaburek (9 February 1911 – 17 February 1976) was an Austrian football player. He played as a forward mainly for SK Rapid Wien. With the Austrian national football team he played in the 1934 FIFA World Cup.

Kaburek started his career with the Vienna Cricket and Football-Club. In 1928 he went to SK Rapid Wien.Then he played for FC Metz (1936/37) and USB Longwy (1937/38) in the French league sides Metz, alongside compatriot and fellow World Cup player Franz Cisar. For Rapid Vienna, Kaburek played 152 games and scored 135 goals.

He played his first match on 11 February 1934 in a 4-2 win versus Italy.
As a player Kaburek was part of Austria national football team at the 1934 FIFA World Cup. He also played one match for Germany after the occupation of Austria by Nazi Germany in 1939.
After the end of the Second World War, Kaburek worked as a coach. He started in 1946 at ASK Hollabrunn and in 1947 at SK Židenice in Brno. In 1949 he took over the coaching post at ASK Patria Heidenreichstein.


Rex

Rex may refer to:

Development of Windows XP

Development of Windows XP started in 1999 after Windows Neptune and Windows Odyssey were cancelled. The result, "Whistler", became Windows XP. Windows XP was finished on August 24, 2001, and the operating system was released on October 25th. 

In June 2000, Microsoft began the beta testing for Whistler. On July 13, 2000, Microsoft said that Whistler would be released in late 2001. Microsoft also released the first preview for the operating system, 2250. Build 2257 introduced an early version of Windows Firewall and a Start menu with two columns.

Microsoft released Whistler Beta 1, build 2296, on October 31, 2000. In January 2001, Internet Explorer 6 was added in build 2410. Builds 2416 and 2419 added new wallpapers.

On February 5, 2001, the name of Windows XP was announced. The name XP was used because XP is short for experience. In April 2001, Microsoft stated that XP would not support Bluetooth or USB 2.0. USB 2.0 support was later added with Service Pack 1. The last builds focused on fixing bugs, user feedback, and final changes before XP was released.

In June 2001, Microsoft indicated that it would spend at least US$1 billion on marketing Windows XP.

On August 24, 2001, Windows XP build 2600 was released to PC builders, and on October 25th, it became open to the public.


Sphenacodontia

Sphenacodontia is a suborder of the Pelycosaurs. Sphenacodonts include Sphenacodontoids, Varanopids and Ophiacodontids. Sphenacodontia's sister taxon is Caseasauria.

Rabbi Shergill

Gurpreet Singh Shergill born as Rabbi Shergill ( born 1973) is a Indian Musician known for its debut album Rabbi (album) and song Bullah Ki Jaana in 2005

Rabbi (album)

Rabbi is the first album by Rabbi Shergill. It was released in 2004 by Phat Phish Records. The album was an instant hit. It was played on Indian radio. At first, only 10,000 copies were made for sale. The album went on to sell over 100,000 copies. All of the songs on the album were composed by Rabbi Shergill.


Single Again (Mariya Takeuchi song)

"Single Again" peaked at No. 2 on Oricon's weekly singles chart. It was certified platinum by the RIAJ in May 1992.


Leopold Facco

Leopold Facco (10 November 1907 – 9 October 1993) was an Austrian footballer. He played in two matches for the Austria national football team from 1930 to 1931.
Facco made his top-league debut as a player for Brigittenauer AC in the spring of 1927. After relegation he went to SK Admira Wien in 1930. In his first year at the club, he narrowly missed the championship title finishing second. In the 1930- 31 Austrian Cup, played in a point system ,Admira finished 3rd but Facco was top scorer with 14 goals. In 1932 and 1934 they won the title. 1935 he went to France and played for he FC Rouen in the 2nd division. After he came back to Austria in 1935 he played for Wiener Sport-Club, GAK, Badener AC and the company team of the Saurer Werke. During the war years Facco was active for the second division club SV Eis Wien before he joined the 2nd league club SCR Hochstädt Wien after the end of the war. With Hochstädt he was promoted and played his last first league season in 1947.
Facco made his national team debut on 16 November 1930 in a friendly against Sweden. He only played one other match for the team. 
 * 2× Austrian champion: 1932, 1934

Yeti Airlines Flight 691

Yeti Airlines Flight 691 was a scheduled domestic passenger flight from Kathmandu to Pokhara in Nepal. On 15 January 2023, the aircraft being operated on the route, an ATR 72 flown by Yeti Airlines, crashed while landing at Pokhara, killing all 72 occupants on board. It is the deadliest accident involving an ATR 72.

The accident resulted in the death of all 72 people on board and was the worst plane accident in Nepal since the crash of Pakistan International Airlines Flight 268 in 1992.

On January 17, authorities began returning the bodies of the victims to their families.

Cassette 50

Cassette 50 (Galaxy 50 - 50 Excitantes Juegos in Spain) is a video game compilation created by Cascade Games Ltd in 1983. Its 50 games were almost always written in BASIC. 

It was advertised a lot in home computer magazines. It came with a free Timex digital calculator watch. 

The instructions say "the games will provide many hours of entertainment for all the family at a fraction of the cost of other computer games".

In an interview, Matthew Lewis said he wrote "Galaxy Defence" in 12 hours at the age of 14. He sent it after seeing a small, anonymous ad in a local newspaper, losing the game's copyright and getting £10. His father, Ernest, drew the graphics.

Only some games are on all platforms (e.g. "Star Trek" and "Maze Eater"). Some games are ports or clones of older or popular games (e.g. "Lunar Lander"). Some games are made by independent developers. Some games with the same name between platforms are a different game. Some games have problems that make them harder to play.

"Exchange" and "The Force" are not in the Acorn Electron version, but are listed on the inlay. The Dragon 32 version was released again with some updated games. The C64 version of "Tunnel Escape" is named ""Escape or Bust"" in-game.


The inlay names "Dice Thrower" ""Do Your Sums"".

The number with the '#' symbol shows where the game is on the tape.

The booklet names 'Star Trek' 'Startrek' and 'Jet Mobile' 'Jetmobile'.

The games are very bad. Cassette 50 inspired the yearly Crap Games Competitions (e.g. the comp.sys.sinclair Crap Games Competition and the C64 Crap Game Compo) and a now-defunct website that reviewed bad games.


Moderate Youth League

The Moderate Youth League ( ; MUF), officially known in English as the Swedish Young Conservatives, is the youth wing of the Swedish Moderate Party. It is the largest of the youth groups that got support from the Swedish National Board for Youth Affairs in 2009.

The Moderate Youth League is more libertarian-leaning than the Moderate Party. It is generally pro-market, pro-American, pro-Israeli and liberal in social issues such as abortion and gay rights. The group supports making it legal to share files. They also support making alcohol for private purposes. Its official ideologies are liberalism and conservatism.

Palm Jumeirah

Palm Jumeirah is an artificial island on the coast of Dubai, United Arab Emirates. Nakheel is the real estate developer of this artificial island. It is the site of numerous private residences and hotels. From the air, the archipelago resembles a stylized palm tree within a circle. The creation of the island started in 2001 ending around 2006/2007 and was financed mainly from Dubai's income from petroleum. By 2009, 28 hotels were opened on the site. The Atlantis is the largest hotel currently constructed on Palm Jumeirah. There are currently over 18,000 thousand living on the island. It was built entirely from sand and rocks, no concrete or steel was used to build the island. This was done in accordance with the order of the Ruler of Dubai, who came up with the idea and the design.

Dubai built the Island to increase the coastline for tourists. Dubai is known for its sunny weather and beaches, but the existing 72 Km coastline was not enough to accommodate the goal of tripling the number of tourists to 15 million annually. The solution was to construct a massive island shaped like a Palm Tree, which upon completion in 2006, would add 56 Km to the coastline. The island was designed to be a city within itself, featuring shopping centers, restaurants, hotels, and residential properties. 

Allen Tate

Allen Tate (November 19, 1899 – February 9, 1979), named at birth John Orley Allen Tate, was an American poet, essayist, and critic.

Tate was born in 1899 in Winchester, Kentucky. He went to college in 1919 at Vanderbilt University in Nashville, Tennessee. The poet John Crowe Ransom was one of his teachers. With his classmate Robert Penn Warren, he joined a group of writers who started a magazine called "The Fugitive".

From 1928 to 1932, Tate lived in France. There he got to know other American writers, like Ernest Hemingway and Gertrude Stein. He thought about what it meant to be a person from the American South in the modern world. He wrote biographies of American Civil War figures from the South.

He wrote his most famous poem in 1925 and 1926. It was “Ode to the Confederate Dead." In that poem, a person walking past a Confederate cemetery stops and thinks about what he sees.

He taught at Kenyon College, Princeton University, the University of North Carolina, New York University, the University of Chicago, and the University of Minnesota.

He received many honors during his life, including the Bollingen Prize and a National Medal for Literature. He was the Consultant in Poetry to the Library of Congress (poet laureate) from 1943 to 1944.

He died in Nashville in 1979.



Kharkiv Morozov Machine Building Design Bureau

Kharkiv Morozov Machine Building Design Bureau (), often simply called Morozov Design Bureau or abbreviated KMDB, is a defense company owned by the government of Ukraine. The company is in Kharkiv, Ukraine. It makes armoured vehicles. These include the T-80UD and T-84 main battle tanks, as well as military prime movers. It was responsible for the Soviet BT tank series and the T-34, T-54, and T-64 tanks. It is associated with the Malyshev Factory.

Cornufer mamusiorum

Cornufer mamusiorum is a frog. Scientists have seen it in exactly one place: the Nakanai Mountains in Papua New Guinea. People have seen it more than 1500 meters above sea level.

The adult male frog is about 27.4 to 30.7 mm long from nose to rear end.

This frog lives in rainforests in the mountains.

Militarization of police

Militarization of police means when police officers use military equipment and tactics. This includes things like armored vehicles, assault rifles, sniper rifles, grenades, and SWAT teams. It is also connected to when police gather information on the public and political activists in the same way as intelligence agencies and when police use more aggressive methods. A criminal justice professor named Peter Kraska defines the militarization of police as when the police start to act more like the military and follow their ways of doing things.

People have noticed that the way police handle protests is becoming more like the military. Since the 1970s, police who control riots have been shooting at protesters with rubber or plastic bullets. They also use tear gas, which was first made by the US army in 1919 to control riots. Using tear gas in wars is not allowed by international agreements that most countries have signed, but using it in a domestic (inside of a country) situation or non-combat situation is allowed by police or the military.

Concerns have been raised about the militarization of police. Both liberal and conservative groups, such as the Cato Institute and American Civil Liberties Union, have criticized this practice. The Fraternal Order of Police argue that it increases officer safety and protect the public, but studies have shown that militarized police units are more likely to have violent encounters with the public, they are more frequently deployed to communities with large African American population, no matter the local crime rate.

Many countries have a gendarmerie, which is a military force with police duties among civilians.


2026 California gubernatorial election

The 2026 California gubernatorial election will be held on Tuesday, November 3, 2026, to elect the governor of California. Incumbent Governor Gavin Newsom will be term limited through the state's constitution and cannot run for reelection to a third term.

Section 5 of the California Constitution states for a person to serve as governor, you must be at least 18 years old, and have been a citizen of the United States and California for at least five years. The state's constitution forbids anyone from being elected governor more than twice.

The "Dobbs v. Jackson Women's Health Organization" decision in June 2022, which overturned the 1973 "Roe v. Wade" decision and permitted U.S. states to fully ban abortion for the first time in nearly 50 years, has made abortion a more possible issue. In the 2026 election, the topic of abortion is expected to play a major role in the Republican Party.

Due to mass shootings increasingly surging in the United States, the Democratic Party has advocated for an assault weapons ban. This is most likely a major campaign topic to play out in both parties.








Child benefits in the United Kingdom

Child Benefit ( used to be called "family allowance)" is a Social Security benefit for people in the United Kingdom. It was started in 1946 by Clement Attlee's government. 

There was a tax allowance for children from 1909 to 1979. 

The Family Allowances Act 1945 set a rate of five shillings a week for each child, after the first. It was paid up to the age of 15. The amount increased over time. It was £1.50 for each child after the first in 1975. The age limit was then 18.

In 1975 family allowances stopped. Child Benefit was paid for all children. £1 a week for the first child and £1.50 for the other children. An extra 50p was payable to single parents. In 1998, Tony Blair's government increased the first child rate by more than 20%. It stopped the single parent rate. 

The rate is £21.80 a week for the first child and £14.45 for the others. It is paid until the child is 16. If they are in approved education or training it goes on until their 20th birthday. 

From January 2013, people earning more than £50,000 per year have part of their benefit stopped. People earning over £60,000 do not get any.

People who get means-tested benefits - Tax Credits or Universal Credit get extra money for children. Since 2017 there is a limit of two children per family for children born after 2017. The limit does not apply to adopted children, multiple births, or children born after rape. This leaves families £3,235 a year worse off for each additional child above the limit. It is one of the “biggest drivers” of child poverty. 

A person bringing up someone else’s child because the parents are dead or missing can get an extra payment called Guardian's Allowance. This is £18.55 a week a child on top of Child Benefit.

Disabled children may get Disability Living Allowance. 

Sigismund I

Sigismund I the Old (Polish: "Zygmunt I Stary", Lithuanian: "Žygimantas II Senasis"; 1 January 1467 – 1 April 1548) was King of Poland and Grand Duke of Lithuania from 1506 until his death in 1548. Sigismund I was a member of the Jagiellonian dynasty, the son of Casimir IV and younger brother of Kings John I Albert and Alexander I Jagiellon. He was nicknamed "the Old" in later historiography to distinguish him from his son and successor, Sigismund II Augustus.

Wallia

Wallia or Walha (Spanish: "Walia", Portuguese "Vália"), (c. 385 – 418) was king of the Visigoths from 415 to 418, earning a reputation as a great warrior and wise ruler. He was elected to the throne after Athaulf and Sigeric were assassinated in 415

Bexley, New Zealand

Bexley is an eastern suburb of Christchurch. It is on the west bank of the Avon River and borders the suburb of Aranui. State Highway 74 runs through the suburb and suffered from earthquake damage in 2010 and 2011.

Iceberg B-15

B-15 is an iceberg. It broke off from the Antarctic ice shelf in the year 2000, and was as large as Jamaica (over 10,000 km). It started to break up into smaller pieces, some of which still remain in 2008.

B15

B15 or B-15 may refer to:


Fuentealbilla

Fuentealbilla is a municipality of 1,821 people (2022). It is in the province of Albacete in the autonomous community of Castile-La Mancha in Spain. The nearest town is Albacete, about 44 km away.

Former Spain international footballer Andrés Iniesta was born here.


Saulzoir

Saulzoir is a commune. It is in the Nord department in north France.

It is on the river Selle. About 1700 people lived here in 2019. The commune was the site of the Battle of the Sabis between Julius Caesar and the Nervians.



Emiliano Martínez

Damián Emiliano Martínez (born 2 September 1992) is an Argentine football player. He plays as a goalkeeper for Aston Villa and the Argentina national team.

Arsenal

Argentina

Individual

Blanes

Blanes is a municipality of 40,579 people (2022). It is in the province of Girona in the autonomous community of Catalonia in Spain. It is a popular tourist town in the Costa Brava.

Recanati

Recanati is an Italian city in Marche. About 21,500 people live there. Tenor Beniamino Gigli and poet Giacomo Leopardi were born here.

1992–93 Austrian Cup

The 1992-93 Austrian Cup was Austria's nationwide football cup competition. FK Austria Wien were the defending champions.

Michael Konsel - Robert Pecl - Patrick Jovanovic - Michael Hatz - Franz Weber - Franz Blizenec - Sergej Mandreko - Dietmar Kühbauer - Karl Brauneder - Gerhard Rodax - Jan Åge Fjørtoft coach: August Starek
Milan Oraze - Michael Streiter - Harald Schneider - Andrzej Lesiak - Helmut Lorenz - Manfred Linzmaier - Michael Baur - Heinz Peischl - Robert Wazinger - Vaclav Danek - Christoph Westerthaler coach: Werner Schwarz

Keith Thomson (sportsman)

Keith Thomson (26 February 1941, Methven – 26 January 2023, Christchurch) was a New Zealand cricketer and hockey player who played in the 1968 Olympics in Mexico City. He played two tests in cricket and 28 tests in hockey.


George Sear

George Sear (born 14 November 1997) is a British television and film actor known for playing Benji in the Hulu series ""; a spin-off of the 2018 film "Love, Simon".

Sear was born in Southend-on-Sea in Essex, England on 14 November 1997 to parents Simon Sear and BBC celebrity baking expert Juliet Sear. His first television appearance was in 2009 in the ITV Series "The Bill" in which he played the character Noah Morris. George also played the leading role of Seb Crossley in the Disney Channel series "The Evermoor Chronicles" from 2014 to 2016.

His most recent and well-known role so far is that of Benji in the Hulu Series "", where he stars as the love interest of lead character Victor Salazar, played by co-star Michael Cimino. The spin-off series from the film "Love, Simon" focuses on Victor; a latinx teen who has to deal with adjusting to a new city and school, while struggling with his identity surrounding his sexual orientation after coming to the realization that he is developing a crush on his fellow classmate Benji.


Roman Mählich

Roman Mählich (born 17 September 1971) is an Austrian football manager and a former player. He played for different Austrian football clubs as midfielder.

Mählich started his career in the youth ranks of FC Hellas Kagran and Wiener Sport-Club. At Wiener Sport-Club he also started his professional career. Then he moved to FC Tirol Innsbruck in 1994. After one season he went to SK Sturm Graz. With this team he had his most successful time. He won 2 league titles and 3 Cups. He played also in the UEFA Champions League.

After 8 seasons in Graz, he played for some lower league sides as well as for the Austria Wien Amateure.

He made his debut for Austria in a September 1992 friendly match against Portugal . He played in the 1998 FIFA World Cup. He earned 20 caps. His last international was a May 2002 friendly match against Germany.

From August 2009, Mählich trained the first team of SC-ESV Parndorf 1919 in the Austrian Regionalliga Ost. From December 2009 to June 2012 he worked as a trainer at SC Lassee. After having coached SC Mannsdorf and SV St. Margarethen, he was coach of the amateurs at Wiener Austria from March 2015 until the end of the season. From 2016 he acted as an assistant coach.

In June 2017 Mählich became coach of the second division club SC Wiener Neustadt. In November 2018 he became coach of Bundesliga club SK Sturm Graz for which he had already played. In June 2019 they separated from Mählich. In September 2019 he became coach of the second division club SC Austria Lustenau. In June 2020 he left Lustenau. After that he became expert for Austrian television.


Sphenacodontoidea

Sphenacodontoidea is Superfamily of the Pelycosaurs. Which Includes Sphenacodontids and Edaphosaurids.
Department for Work and Pensions

The Department for Work and Pensions (DWP) is a government department in the United Kingdom. It was set up in 2001 when the Department for Social Security was closed. It took over some the work of the Department for Education and Employment. It pays Social security benefits in the United Kingdom. 

Mel Stride is the Secretary of State for Work and Pensions. 

It runs: 

It is also responsible for the Health and Safety Executive, The Pensions Regulator and the Money and Pensions service. They are non-departmental public bodies.

Cutleria

Cutleria is extinct genus of carnivorous Pelycosaurs. It is known from the early Permian period (Sakmarian stage) of Colorado.

Jobcentre Plus

Jobcentre Plus is part of the Department for Work and Pensions in the United Kingdom. 
In 2019 there were 638 offices in the country. In 2022 194 new temporary Jobcentres and 150 Youth Hubs were set up by Thérèse Coffey. This was part of the government’s Way to Work Campaign to get more people across Great Britain into work.

Universal Credit, Jobseeker's Allowance, Employment and Support Allowance, Maternity Allowance, Bereavement benefits and Social Fund payments are managed by people in the Jobcentres. Work Coaches at the Jobcentres are employed to help people get support they need to get into work. 

Labour exchanges were set up by Herbert Asquith's government in 1910. They were soon renamed employment exchanges. When the National Insurance system started in 1913 Unemployment Benefit was paid there. They were also used to pay National Assistance after 1948. Unemployed people had to sign on once every 2 weeks to get their money. Separate Jobcentres were started in 1973. They advertised jobs. Unemployed people had to sign on there to look for work and then collect their money from the employment exchange. Later the employment exchanges were turned into Jobcentres.

They paid out about £100 million a year in benefits in 2005/6. In 2010 there were about 71,000 people working in 750 Jobcentres. 

Adolf Vogl

Adolf Vogl (4 May 1910 – 9 April 1993) was an Austrian football forward. He played for 20 caps for Austria and scored six goals. Vogl also played for FC Admira Wacker Mödling, Excelsior AC Roubaix and Wiener AC.
Vogl started his career with the second league team SC Neubau. In 1927 he went to Admira Wien. Together with Anton Schall he formed a successful striker duo there. Adi Vogl spent the 1937/38 season in France with Excelsior AC Roubaix. After he came back to Austria he played again for Admira. The end of his career in 1947 he spent with Wiener AC.
He started his national team career on 16 May 1931 in a 5-0 win over Scotland. Here he scored his first goal for Austria. He was a player of the famous Austrian Wunderteam. His last match was on 22 March 1936 versus Czechoslowakia. He played 20 matches for Austria and scored six goals.

Bron

Bron is a commune. It is in the Metropolis of Lyon in Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in east France. About 42,200 people live there.

Bron is east of Lyon and is the sixth-largest suburb of the city of Lyon.

The Fort de Bron, built between 1872 and 1876, is part of the second belt of fortifications around Lyon.

Bron is twinned with:


Gabriel Jesus

Gabriel Fernando de Jesus (born 3 April 1997) is a Brazilian football player. He plays as a forward for Arsenal and the Brazil national team.

Palmeiras

Manchester City

Brazil U23

Brazil

Individual

Shelton, Washington

Shelton is a city in the U.S. state of Washington. It is the county seat of Mason County. 10,371 people lived here at the 2020 census.

Sebourg

Sebourg is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 1,974 people lived there.


Sémeries

Sémeries is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 544 people lived there.


Semousies

Semousies is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 237 people lived there.


La Sentinelle

La Sentinelle is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 3,117 people lived there.


Sequedin

Sequedin is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 4,775 people lived there.

Sequedin is twinned with:


Maureilhan

Maureilhan is a commune of 2,260 people (2019). It is in Occitanie in the Hérault department in south France.

Hispanic America

The region known as Hispanic America (in Spanish called "Hispanoamérica" or "América Hispana") and historically as Spanish America ("América Española") during the Spanish colonization, is the part of the Americas that includes the Spanish-speaking countries and territories of North and South America. (It does not include the Portuguese-speaking country of Brazil and the French-speaking countries and territories of Haiti, French Guiana and of the Caribbean, which along with Hispanic America, make up Latin America.) In all of these countries, Spanish is the official language, sometimes sharing official status with one or more indigenous languages (such as Guaraní, Quechua, Aymara, or Mayan) or English (in Puerto Rico), and Roman Catholicism is the predominant religion.



Inírida, Guainía

Inírida, formerly Puerto Inírida, is a city in Colombia. It is the capital of Guainía Department.

Quibdó

Quibdó is a city in Colombia. It is the capital of Chocó Department.

Cornufer wuenscheorum

Cornufer wuenscheorum is a frog. It lives in the mountains in the middle of Yapen Island in Indonesia.

Manizales

Manizales is a city in Colombia. It is the capital of Caldas Department. About 430,000 people live there. The city is known for the production of Colombian coffee and is near the volcano Nevado del Ruiz.

Manizales was founded on October 12, 1849.

Séranvillers-Forenville

Séranvillers-Forenville is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 414 people lived there.


Sercus

Sercus is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 476 people lived there.


Rives, Missouri

Rives is a village in Dunklin County, Missouri, United States.

Kingdom City, Missouri

Kingdom City is a village in Callaway County, Missouri, United States.

Birmingham, Missouri

Birmingham is a village in Clay County, Missouri, United States.

Josef Blum

Josef Blum (4 February 1898 - 18 October 1956 ) was an Austrian football player and coach. He played as defender for Nußdorfer AC and First Vienna FC. He was player and captain of the Austrian Wunderteam in the early 1930s.
Josef Blum began his career in 1913 at Nußdorfer AC. In 1918 he moved to the then second division club First Vienna FC. The same season they were promoted to the First division. Blum celebrated great successes as a player with the Vienna. In 1929 and 1930 he won the Austrian Cup with his club, in 1931 he was Austrian champion and winner of the Mitropapokal and in 1933 again champion.
Blum made his debut for the Austrian national team on 7 November 1920 in a 2-1 win over Hungary in Budapest. From 1920 to 1932 he made a total of 51 appearances in the national team. He was its undisputed captain for twelve years. At the first game of the miracle team on16 May 1931 against Scotland, Josef Blum was already 33 years old. Josef Blum played his last game in the national team on 24 April 1932 in Vienna in an 8-2 triumph over Hungary. Overall he played 51 matches and scored three goals.
After his active career as a soccer player he coached Wiener Austria, Racing Strasbourg, First Vienna FC, Wiener Sport-Club and SV Kapfenberg. In 1933, in his very first year, he celebrated his greatest successes as a coach with Austria. They won the Vienna Cup and the Mitropapokal.

Statutory Maternity Pay

Statutory Maternity Pay (SMP) is a Social Security benefit in the United Kingdom. It is paid by employers to their employees when they are off work because of pregnancy.

The mother must have been working for the same employer for six months continuously in the week 14 weeks before the baby is due. For the last eight weeks of that time they must have been getting at least enough to pay National Insurance Contributions.

For the first six weeks they get 90% of their normal pay. Then for 33 weeks they get £156.66 a week or 90% of their normal pay if that is less. 

People may get Universal Credit at the same time. Maternity Allowance is usually paid to working women who do not get Statutory Maternity Pay.

Alexander Jagiellon

Alexander Jagiellon (Polish: "Aleksander Jagiellończyk", Lithuanian: "Aleksandras Jogailaitis"; 5 August 1461 – 19 August 1506) of the House of Jagiellon was the Grand Duke of Lithuania and later also King of Poland. He was the fourth son of Casimir IV Jagiellon. He was Elected grand duke of Lithuania on the death of his father (1492) and king of Poland on the death of his brother John I Albert.

Bootie Call

"Bootie Call" is a 1998 song by band All Saints and is the fourth single from their debut album. It topped the single charts in the United Kingdom and went to the top ten in the Netherlands, Ireland and Iceland and top 40 in Belgium and Sweden.

Hethum I of Armenia

Hethum I (Armenian: Հեթում Ա; 1213 – 21 October 1270) ruled the Armenian Kingdom of Cilicia (also known as "Little Armenia") from 1226 to 1270. He was the son of Constantine of Baberon (d. 1263) and Princess Alix of Lampron . Hethum was the founder of the dynasty which bears his name: the Hethumids. It is also known as the House of Lampron.

E-Bow the Letter

"E-Bow the Letter" is a 1996 song by R.E.M. and featuring the backing vocals by Patti Smith. It is the first single from their 10th studio album "New Adventures in Hi-Fi". It went to the top 10 in Iceland, the United Kingdom, Canada, Ireland and Norway. It went to number 49 in the United States.

All songs were written by Bill Berry, Peter Buck, Mike Mills, and Michael Stipe, except where noted.



Henricus (bishop of Clogher)

Henricus was a bishop in Ireland during the early 14th century: he was Bishop of Clogher from 1310 until 1316.

Maternity Allowance

Maternity Allowance is a United Kingdom social security benefit for women who work but cannot get Statutory Maternity Pay. It can be paid from 11th week before the baby is due. It is paid by the Department for Work and Pensions. 

It is paid to women who have worked and earned at least £30 a week for at least 26 weeks in the 66 weeks before the baby is due. They can also get it if they have worked with a partner who is self employed in the 26 weeks in the 66 weeks before the baby is due. 

It is £156.66 a week or 90% of average weekly earnings (whichever is less). It is paid for up to 39 weeks and is not taxed or means-tested.

Electrolite

"Electrolite" is a 1996 song by R.E.M. and is the third single from their 10th studio album "New Adventures in Hi-Fi". It went to number 5 in Iceland, number 29 in the United Kingdom and number 96 in the United States. It has been covered by Radiohead.

All songs written by Bill Berry, Peter Buck, Mike Mills and Michael Stipe.

Christopher Young

Christopher Young (born April 28, 1958) is an American composer and orchestrator of film and television scores.

Young was born in Red Bank, New Jersey.

Young stated composers like Bernard Herrmann, David Raksin, David Newman, Peter Bernstein, Michael Kamen, Jean-Michel Jarre, Joel Goldsmith, Carter Burwell, Howard Shore, Alan Silvestri, Hans Zimmer, Mark Isham, Danny Elfman, James Newton Howard, Leonard Bernstein, Chris Mancini, James Horner, Dimitri Tiomkin, John Debney, George Bruns, Oliver Wallace, Leigh Harline, Frank Churchill, Paul Smith and Carl W. Stalling as influences.


This Is Me... Now

This Is Me... Now is the upcoming ninth studio album by American singer and actress Jennifer Lopez. The album is scheduled to be released February 16, 2024. The record is a sequel to Lopez's third studio album "This Is Me... Then" (2002). It is her first studio album in ten years, since "A.K.A." (2014).

Futurama (video game)

Futurama is an 3D platformer based on the TV series of the same name.

Mange tout

Mange Tout (also called snow pea or sugar pea) is a pea which has an edible pod and is eaten when the pod is young and flat. The name in French explains that you can eat the pod too and it translates to 'eat it all.' It is a garden pea which grows well in a small garden. The season for Mange Tout in the UK is between June and September. Mange Tout have to be eaten quickly before they spoil. Fresh Mange Tout should be moist and broken crisply. The colour should be green and not yellow.

Means test

A means test is a check that people are poor enough to get help. Social security, education and healthcare are often free only to people who can show that they are poor.

Poverty is generally judged in a family or household. The members are expected to support each other. There may be tests both of regular income and of capital. People who are thought to be deserving are more likely to be helped without a means test. 

Means testing can be found in ancient Rome, where 200,000 adult male citizens who passed the test were given cheap grain. 

The English Poor Laws gave relief to people who were destitute. Destitution was not defined in the law. In workhouses the rule was that conditions in workhouses had to be worse than conditions available outside. This was to stop people choosing not to help themselves. The National Assistance Act 1948 gave help to people over 16, not in full time work, "who are without resources to meet their requirements, or whose resources must be supplemented in order to meet their requirements." The National Assistance Board made rules about resources and requirements but they were not public. From 1966 there was Supplementary Benefit. The rules were very detailed and public. From 1966 there was Income Support, which was simpler but still public. All these benefits were stopped if a person did more than a very small amount of work.

The development of National Insurance meant that fewer people had to claim means tested benefits. Means testing can be seen as rewarding people for being poor. More recently various ideas have been suggested to reward people for working, even if they cannot do much work. Basic income is one. 

In the United Kingdom there has been a shift towards more means-tested benefits and away from those based on National Insurance. 

Cornufer nakanaiorum

Cornufer nakanaiorum is a frog. It lives in rainforests high in the Nakanai Mountains on New Britain Island in Papua New Guinea.

The audult frog is 34.2 to 35.8 mm long from nose to rear end.

Robert Creeley

Robert White Creeley (May 21, 1926 – March 30, 2005) was an American poet and teacher.

Creeley was born in West Acton, Massachusetts. His father was a doctor who died when Creeley was very young. An accident caused him to lose his left eye before he was five years old.

In 1943, he started at Harvard University. He left Harvard to serve in the American Field Service in Burma and India in 1944–1945. His first poem was printed at Harvard in 1946.

In 1954 the poet Charles Olson asked Creeley to come and teach at Black Mountain College in North Carolina. Creeley would also edit the "Black Mountain Review". That college brought together many artists, poets, dancers, and musicians. It was a center for much new art from 1933 to 1957.

At Black Mountain and later, Creeley connected with other poets who shared ideas about poetry. These others included Allen Ginsberg, Denise Levertov, Robert Duncan, Kenneth Rexroth, and Philip Whalen.

In his first important book, "For Love", Creeley wrote poems that cared about "the sounds and rhythms of language" and how words were put on the page. One critic said, "We recognise Creeley’s poems first by what they leave out: he uses few long or rare words, no regular metres and almost no metaphors.”

Creeley won many awards. He received the Lannan Lifetime Achievement Award, the Bollingen Prize, the Frost Medal, a National Endowment for the Arts grant, and a Rockefeller Foundation grant. He was Professor of Poetry and Humanities at the State University of New York, Buffalo. And he was the New York State poet from 1989 to 1991.




Robert the Strong

Robert the Strong (French: "Robert le Fort", c. 830 – 866) was the father of two kings of West Francia: Odo (or Eudes) and Robert I of France. His family is named after him and called the Robertians. In 853, he was named Missus dominicus by Charles the Bald, king of West Francia. Robert the Strong was the great-grandfather of Hugh Capet and ancestor of all of the Capetian dynasty.

Kukrit Pramoj

Kukrit Pramoj was a novelist and former prime minister of Thailand.

He is famous in Thailand for being a writer. His novel "Four Reigns", was published as a serial in his newspaper "Siam Rat" from 1951 to 1952.






Sallent

Sallent is a municipality in the Province of Barcelona, in Catalonia, Spain.

Balsareny

Balsareny is a municipality in the comarca of Bages, Province of Barcelona, in Catalonia, Spain.

John Irving

John Winslow Irving (born John Wallace Blunt Jr.; March 2, 1942) is an American-Canadian novelist, short story writer, and screenwriter.

Irving was born in Exeter, New Hampshire. His parents divorced before he was born. His name was changed when his mother married again. His step-father was a teacher at Phillips Exeter Academy. When he graduated from there, Irving went to the University of Pittsburgh. After one year there, he went to study in Vienna, Austria. He came back to the United States to study at the University of Iowa Writers' Workshop. One of his teachers there was Kurt Vonnegut, Jr.. In Iowa, he wrote his first novel, "Setting Free the Bears".

He became well-known in 1978 when "The World According to Garp" came out. It was a finalist for the National Book Award for Fiction in 1979. In 1999 he won an Academy Award for his screenplay of his novel "The Cider House Rules". In 2018, he won the Richard C. Holbrooke Distinguished Achievement Award.


Jobseeker's Allowance

Jobseeker's Allowance (JSA) is a Social Security benefit in the United Kingdom for people who are unemployed.

Unemployment Benefit was started in 1911 by the National Insurance Act 1911 for people who had paid National Insurance contributions. This was the first legal insurance scheme against unemployment in the world. At first it was only for people in a few industries like engineering and ship building. From 1920 it covered more workers. From 1947 it covered everyone. In 1996 it was changed to Jobseeker's Allowance.

To make a claim people must show that they are actively seeking work by filling in a Jobseeker's Agreement form and attending a New Jobseeker interview. They must also go to a Jobcentre Plus every two weeks to "sign on", that is, to say that they are still actively seeking work. 

Payment can be stopped (sanctioned) if the person is thought not to be doing their best to find a job. The system of sanctions makes little difference to job finding efforts, but is very damaging especially to disabled people and people bringing up children on their own. 

Payment is £61.05 a week for people under 25 and £77 a week for people over 25. It stops after 182 days. 

When it started there was a means tested Jobseeker's Allowance but it was stopped in 2022. Now people can claim Universal Credit if they do not qualify or if the benefit is not enough for them to live on.

Le Morte d’Arthur

"Le Morte d’Arthur" is a compilation of Arthurian romances put together by Sir Thomas Malory and contains both old English legends and original work written by Malory himself. The 1450s are considered the start of Malory’s writing of the book, with the first edition being published in 1485 by William Caxton. To this day, the compilation is considered the best-known English Arthurian legend.

While the exact identity of the author of "Le Morte d'Arthur" has been questioned, Thomas Malory born in 1416 in Newbold Revel, Warwickshire, England to Sir John Mallory has been most widely accepted by scholars as its author.

Malory had engaged in criminal activities including theft, attempted murder of Humphrey Stafford, 1st Duke of Buckingham, accusations of rape, and robbery. Malory was imprisoned in several prisons and managed to escape multiple times. In 1461, King Henry VI granted him a pardon. However, he was imprisoned again in 1468 because of his allegiance to the House of Lancaster and his plot to overthrow King Edward IV. He was imprisoned at Newgate Prison in London, where he most likely wrote "Le Morte d'Arthur." Henry VI returned to the throne in 1470 and Malory was thus released from prison again. He died only five months later.

The other likely candidate for the authorship of "Le Morte d'Arthur" is Thomas Mallory of Papworth St Agnes in Huntingdonshire. This theory was put forth by T. A. Martin in the Athenaeum magazine in September 1897. 

Until 1934, William Caxton’s printed edition of 1485 was thought to be the earliest surviving version of Malory’s text. However, that year Walter Oakeshott (a librarian at Winchester College) was collecting the college’s most interesting books when he discovered a manuscript. He discovered that the text had been written in years between 1471 and 1483 by two scribes working together.

Clues on its pages proved this was one of the manuscripts used by William Caxton in the preparation of his "Le Morte D'Arthur". Pages fresh from the press had been laid on the manuscript and the wet ink accidentally transferred reversed images of Caxton’s distinctive typefaces. So it is probable that the manuscript was in Caxton’s Westminster workshop during the early 1480s. The printer may even have borrowed the manuscript from one of Malory’s family members.

There is much debate over the way in which these two versions relate to each other. Field observes, however, that certain drastic and deliberate changes are made. Scholars continue to debate whether Caxton or Malory authorized these alterations. Roland argues that the differences between the Caxton and Winchester versions of this narrative suggest that Caxton "overwrote his copy text to comply with his world view, just as Malory had overwritten his source texts before him," and observes that the Roman Wars accounts in both Caxton and Malory's versions are informed by "almost four hundred years of struggles for dominion over the east and a gradual slipping away of the conquests made by the First Crusade". According to Roland, Caxton's version of the Roman War and his possible amendments to the Morte are a direct response to contemporary fears of Turkish expansion. In addition, she discovers that Malory's "Morte" was "written in the arc of an ascending fear of the Turks, an arc that reaches its zenith just as Caxton publishes Malory's work in the mid-1480s, a time when Europe was awash in uncertainty as to the repercussions of Mehmed II's death". For these reasons, the emphasis on crusades and on fears of foreign invasion begin to take on a deeper significance when the context of the Winchester and Caxton versions is considered.

Thomas Malory’s "Le Morte D’Arthur" was first printed by William Caxton, who is generally accepted to be the first printer in England. The printing of the first edition was carried out in 1485 by Caxton’s printing house and has been of great significance, since Caxton’s printed version allowed for further distribution and printing by other printing houses. Further printing of Malory’s text by different English printers is what allowed the creation of the canonical text of Arthurian literature in the English language, as this piece of writing became more widely distributed. During the times of Victorian Britain, Malory’s first printed version, and the whole genre of English Arthuriana, gained great popularity within the academia, as well as the general population. What was especially praised was Malory’s treatment of the topic of violence, which abundantly occurs in the legend. The occurrences of killings and rape were treated with a sense of religious significance and later act as patriotic and sacred, rather than barbaric and immoral, causing the text to become a symbol of morality and Godly ideology. Furthermore, it is not only Malory’s text that was praised. William Caxton and his printed edition were greatly valued by Victorian scholars, too. It was regarded as Caxton’s most influential production. The academia generally agreed that if it was not for Caxton’s agreement to print Malory’s text, English literature might have moved in a very different direction, or been radically altered, even. Although there are several different versions of Malory’s text, each is used for different purposes, as each was published with an altered, mostly modernized, version of the language.

"Le Morte D’Arthur" was written in Middle English, a period of the English language in 11th to 15th century England. Published in 1485, the year of Thomas Malory’s writing corresponds with the end of the Medieval English era. In comparison to Geoffrey Chaucer’s "Canterbury Tales", a significant piece of writing written in typical Middle English style, Malory’s language and use of English are much closer to Early Modern English. Although Chaucer’s writing was published 85 years before Malory’s, their work belongs to the same historical and language period, and as such are often compared, especially language-wise. Although the spelling of Malory’s text does not necessarily correspond with the spelling of Early Modern English, from a grammatical and lexical point of view, it reads similarly to early Elizabethan English. The reason for the modernization of Malory’s writing is believed to be the inspiration in French texts, which gave Thomas Malory the foundation for his story. It is generally agreed that the French language was what so heavily influenced Malory’s own style of writing, as it is with high probability what modernized the language. Concerning the style specifically, Thomas Malory has been both criticized and praised for his rich usage of connecting words such as “so–and–then,” usually used to transition between stories, and for his lengthy and repetitive sentences and phrases, which some scholars condemned as too simplistic, others have, however, praised it to be of high aesthetic quality. 

Malory's first book's storyline is mainly based on the Prose Merlin in the "Post-Vulgate Suite du Merlin".

This book is based mainly on the first half of the Middle English heroic poem "Alliterative Morte Arthure", which is mostly based on  "Geoffrey of Monmouth"’s p"seudo-chronicle Historia Regum Britanniae."

This book is based on parts of the French "Prose Lancelot", mostly its "'Agravain"' section, along with the chapel perilous episode taken from "Perlesvaus".

Unlike most of the material in the preceding books, this specific one is not directly based on any preexisting literature. Instead, it is inspired by several Arthurian romances of the Fair Unknown genre, also known as "Le Bel Inconnu", or "Sir Gingalain" 

That is the longest of his eight books, it is based primarily on the lengthy "Prose Tristan" in French, or the lost English translation of it, and also could be from the Middle English verse romance "Sir Tristram".

For this lengthy book, the main source is "The Vulgate Queste del Saint Graal", which details the exploits of numerous knights in their mythical search for the Holy Grail.

In this book, Malory explicitly mentions the adultery of Guinevere and Lancelot. He combined the story from both the "Vulgate Cycle prose Lancelot" (counting the story of the Fair Maiden of Astolat and an abridged retelling of "Lancelot, the Knight of the Cart") and his own creative setups.

For writing his final book, he used the version of Arthur's death derived primarily from parts of the "Vulgate Mort Artu", and as a secondary source, he used the "English Stanzaic Morte Arthur."

Child Poverty Action Group

The Child Poverty Action Group (CPAG) is a charity based in London that works to alleviate poverty and social exclusion. It was set up in 1965. Its first campaigns were around what were then called Family Allowances. It produces reports about poverty and children. 

Frank Field was Director of the Group from 1969–1979. Ruth Lister was director from 1979-1987.

It every year it produces books about the British social security system. They used to be called the "National Welfare Benefits Handbook" and now the "Welfare Benefits and Tax Credits Handbook." 2022 was the 24th with that name.

It takes test cases to court, trying to change the law. 

There is a group in New Zealand with the same name.

Child Poverty Action Group

Tavullia

Tavullia is a "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Pesaro and Urbino in the Italian region Marche.

To Be One With You

To Be One with You is the first studio album by Josh Klinghoffer. He used the name Pluralone when he released it. The album was released on November 22, 2019. Many other musicians are on the album. People from Red Hot Chili Peppers, such as Flea and Jack Irons, helped with the music on it. Other musicians on the album are Eric Avery, Eric Gardner and Clint Walsh.

The album had two singles. Three weeks after the album was released, Klinghoffer said he was leaving Red Hot Chili Peppers. This was because John Frusciante was joining the band again.

Sivananda (yoga teacher)

Sivananda is a yoga teacher from Bangladesh who claims to be born on 8 August 1896. On March 21 2022, he was awarded the Padma Shri.

Sivananda is alleged to have been born on August 8, 1896, although this has not been independently verified. Indian media have taken his claimed date of birth at face value but credible sources supporting/contravening the same are lacking. He was born in Sylhet District of Bengal Presidency of British India (present-day Sylhet Division of Bangladesh).

His parents lived in extreme poverty and even had to beg for their living. His sister, mother, and father all died within a month of each other when he was just six years old. Then he travelled to Kashi from Bengal and began serving there. Swami Sivananda mastered yoga and meditation after receiving his education from Guru Omkarananda.

For over three decades, he taught yoga on the banks of river Ganga in Varanasi.

Particle Man

"Particle Man" is a song by alternative rock band They Might Be Giants. It was released in 1990. The song is the seventh track on the band's third album, "Flood". It has become one of the band's most popular songs. The song was made by John Linnell and John Flansburgh.

They Might Be Giants' YouTube account has the user name "ParticleMen", which is from the song title.

The song describes four different "men": Particle Man, who is "not important"; Triangle Man, who fights Particle Man and wins; Universe Man, the size of the universe, and has a watch with hands for different times ("He’s got a watch with a minute hand, a millennium hand, and an eon hand"); and Person Man, who lives in a garbage can, and who is also defeated by Triangle Man.
The song's author, John Linnell, said that there was not a meaning to "Particle Man".

"Particle Man" was made into an animated music video on the Warner Bros. animated series "Tiny Toon Adventures". In the music video, a duck is both Particle Man and Person Man (Person Man being Particle Man’s secret identity). The other characters are featured as big wrestlers. This music video for "Particle Man" showed young fans the band.


It's Raining Again

"It's Raining Again" is a 1982 song by English rock band Supertramp and taken from their 7th studio album "...Famous Last Words...". It went to number 1 in France, number 2 in Switzerland, number 3 in Germany, number 4 in Canada, number 6 in the Netherlands, Norway and South Africa, number 7 in Austria and number 11 in Australia and the United States.

Big Rapids, Michigan

Big Rapids is the county seat of Mecosta County, Michigan, United States.

Hi Ho Silver Lining

"Hi Ho Silver Lining" is a 1967 song by band The Attack and failed to chart.

A few days later it was covered by English singer Jeff Beck as his debut single and number 4 in New Zealand, number 12 in the Netherlands, number 14 in the United States, number 17 in Ireland and number 25 in Australia.

1967 7" single 

Greatest Generation

The Greatest Generation is an American term for a generation of people. They were born from about 1901 to 1927. They are also called the G.I. Generation and the World War II generation. Members of this generation were born after the Lost Generation and before the Silent Generation. They were affected by the Great Depression. Most of the enlisted military members in World War II were part of the Greatest Generation.

Pew Research Center defines this generation as people who were born from 1901 to 1927. Strauss and Howe use the birth years 1901 to 1924. The first half of the generation, born between 1901 and 1913, are sometimes called the Interbellum Generation.

In the United States, members of this generation were born and became adults during the Progressive Era, World War I, and the Roaring Twenties. This was a time of economic prosperity with distinctive cultural changes. People who lived between 1918 and 1920 also experienced the deadly Spanish Flu pandemic. During their youth, they saw the invention of many new technologies. These included radio, telephone, and automobiles. Income inequality was growing around the world. The economy was also growing quickly. After the stock market crashed in 1929, this generation had deep economic and social problems.

Despite the hard times, literature, arts, music and movies of the time period flourished. This generation had the "Golden Age of Hollywood." It began in the 1930s. Many popular types of movies, including gangster movies, musical movies, comedy movies and monster movies, attracted large audiences. The Great Depression also affected literature. During the Depression, the first modern comic books were published. Comic books were popular with members of this generation with characters such as Doc Savage, The Shadow, Superman and Batman. The Greatest Generation often listened to jazz, blues, gospel and folk music. Swing jazz became very popular with them. This has caused them to be described as the "Swing Generation". The popularity of the radio also had a large effect in their lives. Millions of people listened to President Franklin D. Roosevelt's "fireside chats" (or radio programs). They absorbed news in a way like never before.

Over 16 million Americans served in World War II. Most of them were members of this generation. 38.8% were volunteers, and 61.2% were drafted into the military. The average length of their service was 33 months. 671,278 Americans were killed and wounded during the war.

After the war, this generation produced many more children than earlier generations. Over 76 million babies were born between 1946 and 1964. The G.I. Bill helped the many veterans in this generation. The government paid for their education in colleges, universities, and trade schools. It gave them loans for many purposes, and helped them buy houses. Because they were richer, many people in this generation moved their families into the suburbs. They largely promoted more conservative ideas as the country faced the threat of the Cold War and a Second Red Scare. Some were again called to serve in the Korean War together with the Silent Generation. The first member of their generation to be elected president, John F. Kennedy, began a Space Race against the Soviet Union. His successor, Lyndon B. Johnson, promoted a controversial "Great Society" policy. Research professor of sociology Glen Holl Elder, Jr., an important figure in the development of life course theory, wrote "Children of the Great Depression" (1974), "the first longitudinal study of a Great Depression cohort." Elder followed 167 people born in California between 1920 and 1921 and "traced the impact of Depression and wartime experiences from the early years to middle age. Most of these 'children of the Great Depression' fared unusually well in their adult years". They came out of the hard times of the Great Depression "with an ability to know how to survive and make do and solve problems.”

This generation faced chaos in the form of the Vietnam War, civil rights movement, Watergate scandal, and the counterculture of the 1960s. Attitudes shaped during World War II clashed with those of the Vietnam era. Many struggled to understand the general distrust of the government by the younger generations, while some supported anti-war protests.

According to a 2004 study done by AARP, "There are 26 million people aged 77 or older in the United States. These people are largely conservative on economic (59%) and social (49%) issues, and about one-third of
them say they have become more conservative on economic, social, foreign policy, moral, and legal issues as they have aged. Over 9 in 10 (91%) of this age group are registered to vote and 90% voted in the 2000 presidential election. The last member of this generation to be elected president was George H. W. Bush (1989–1993), and as of 2023 the last surviving president from this generation is Jimmy Carter (1977–1981). In its later years, this generation was introduced to continued technological advancements such as mobile phones and the Internet.

As of 2019, approximately 389,000 of the 16 million Americans who served in World War II remain alive. Living members of this generation are either in their 90s or are centenarians (over 100 years old).

The lives of this generation are a common element of popular culture in the Western world. Media related to this generation's experiences continues to be produced. Some people have criticized the romanticizing of this generation. However, some also praise the traits and actions of this generation, and say that their sacrifices should be a lesson for current generations.

During the COVID-19 pandemic, living members of this generation have been impacted by the pandemic, such as Lee Wooten, who was treated in the hospital for coronavirus and recovered just before his 104th birthday in 2020.

In Britain, this generation became adults, like most of the western world, during a period of economic difficulty as a result of the Great Depression. When the war in Europe started, millions of British citizens joined the war effort at home and abroad. 2.9 million members of this generation served in the war, and 384,000 were killed or wounded. At home, The Blitz killed thousands of people and destroyed entire British cities. The men and women of this generation continue to be honored in the U.K., particularly on V-E Day. In 2020, British Prime Minister Boris Johnson compared this generation to current generations, and indicated his desire for current generations to show the “same spirit of national endeavour”, in relation to the COVID-19 pandemic. Queen Elizabeth II, a member of this generation who lived through World War II, said many of the same things.

Members of the World War II generation in Germany became adults after World War I and the German Revolution of 1918–1919. They faced economic difficulties related to the Great Depression and Treaty of Versailles, as unemployment rose to nearly 40%. Adolf Hitler then rose to power, and many of this generation joined groups such as the Hitler Youth. In 1935, Hitler started military conscription. During the war, nearly 12.5 million members of this generation served in the war and 4.3 million were killed or wounded. By the end of the war, 5 million Germans were dead, including civilians. German cities and towns were ruined or destroyed by Allied bombing attacks. 12 million Germans were refugees and many were forced to live in the Soviet Union. In addition, the Holocaust killed millions of German Jews and others. After the war, the Allies began the denazification and demilitarization of Germany. Returning German veterans found their country divided into four zones of occupation; later becoming West Germany and East Germany. In the west, the Marshall Plan resulted in the "Wirtschaftswunder", an economic boom that caused 185% growth between 1950 and 1963. Surviving members of the German World War II generation would go on to experience the Fall of the Berlin Wall and the creation of the European Union. Unlike the Western allies and the Soviet Union, Germany did not honor its veterans, as the association with Nazism continues in Germany today.

Members of this generation became adults during Stalin's rise to power. They lived through the Holodomor famine, which killed millions. The World War II generation of the Soviet Union was further decimated by the war. Stalin's scorched earth policy left its western regions to be destroyed by the advancing German army. The USSR lost 14% of its pre-war population during WWII. This decrease in population had huge long-term consequences. Huge numbers of people were used as forced labor. Between 10 and 11 million Soviet men returned to help rebuild, along with 2 million Soviet dissidents held prisoner in Stalin's Gulags. Then came the Cold War and the Space race. Even in the mid-1980s, around 70% of Soviet industrial output was directed towards the military. This was one of the factors in its eventual economic collapse. Members of this generation are known as "Great Patriotic War" veterans. Today, former Soviet countries celebrate an annual Victory Day in honor of these veterans.

The World War II generation of Japan became adults during a time of growing imperialism. One member of this generation, Hirohito, became Emperor in 1926, when Japan was already one of the great powers. Nearly 18 million members of this generation fought in World War II. Approximately 3 million, including civilians, were killed or wounded. Japanese cities, towns, and villages were ruined or destroyed by Allied bombing campaigns. In an effort to prepare for the assumed Allied invasion, the Japanese government planned to use this generation for "Operation Ketsugo", in which the Japanese population would fight a war of attrition. This generation is one of the only generations thus far that have been killed by an atomic bomb; as hundreds of thousands lost their lives when the United States dropped the bombs on Hiroshima and Nagasaki. Returning veterans found their country occupied and received little support or respect. Surviving members of this generation saw Japan become the world's second-largest economy by 1989. Surviving veterans visit the Yasukuni Shrine to show respect for their fallen comrades.

Even after defeat Japan's economy became more successful than ever before, through businesses, such as Sony Corporation, and cultural influence, as in movies by Akira Kurosawa.

North Manchester General Hospital

North Manchester General Hospital (NMGH) is a large NHS hospital in Crumpsall, North Manchester. 

The buildings are not in good condition. There is a plan to rebuild the hospital. It was one of the 40 new hospitals Boris Johnson promised in the 2019 Conservative election manifesto. In January 2023 the managers complained that building had not started. Delay was putting the cost up. The cost had gone up 30% to £976 million. The ceiling had fallen down so the operating theatres had to be closed for 6 weeks. 

In November 2022 a new garden for patients and staff was opened at the Intensive Care Unit. 

Springfield Hospital was a workhouse. It opened in 1853. It was called the Crumpsall Institution. It was for people who were mentally ill. Later it was called Park House. 

Delaunays Hospital was also built as a workhouse. It opened in 1869. 

Crumpsall Hospital was built for the Manchester Union Workhouse. It opened in 1876. It had 1,440 beds in 1928 with 600 more in the mental department. 
All three were taken over by the National Health Service in 1947. They were joined together to make North Manchester General Hospital in 1977. Since 2020 it is managed by Manchester University NHS Foundation Trust.

People Get Ready

"People Get Ready" is a 1965 song by The Impressions. It is the title track from their fourth studio album of the same name. It went to number 14 in the United States. It was covered by Jeff Beck and Rod Stewart in 1985. It went to number 23 in Australia and number 48 in the United States.

Operating theater

An operating theater is a place within a hospital where surgeons do operations in a germ-free environment. It is referred as ""theater"" because earlier there would be seats for medical students and spectators to watch the activity of the surgeons.

Manchester University NHS Foundation Trust

Manchester University NHS Foundation Trust is an NHS trust which operates 10 hospitals in Greater Manchester. It is the largest NHS trust in the United Kingdom. It was formed on 1 October 2017. It had an income of £1.6 billion and 21,945 employees in 2018/9. Mark Cubbon is the head from 2023. He used to work for NHS England but started his career as a nurse in Greater Manchester. Sir Mike Deegan retired after doing the job for more than 20 years, 
The 10 hospitals are:

University College London Hospitals NHS Foundation Trust

University College London Hospitals NHS Foundation Trust is an NHS trust based in London. It runs University College Hospital, Eastman Dental Hospital, the Hospital for Tropical Diseases, the National Hospital for Neurology and Neurosurgery, the Royal London Hospital for Integrated Medicine and the Royal National Throat, Nose and Ear Hospital.

NHS trust

NHS trusts were started in 1990 by Margaret Thatcher's government. The idea was to bring a market into the National Health Service in England and Wales. They took the place of District health authorities which had managed the services before. 

Each trust has a board with managers. After 2002 many of them became foundation trusts. They had more freedom. The plan was that they would all become foundation trusts, but that hasnt happened. 

In 2015 there were 470 trusts. They have been joined to make bigger organizations. In April 2020 there were 217 trusts, with about 800,000 employees. There are only 3 trusts in NHS Wales. In Northern Ireland there are 5 health and social care trusts. 

After 2017 there was less talk about markets in the NHS. Integrated care systems were started. 

About 65% of a trust's money goes on paying the workers. 

 
Christian Pulisic

Christian Mate Pulisic (; , ; born September 18, 1998) is an American soccer player. He plays for Serie A club A.C. Milan and the United States national team. Pulisic is known for his dribbling abilities and explosive speed. Because of this, he has been given the nickname "Captain America" by fans and other players.

Pulisic began his career at German club Borussia Dortmund, where he quickly progressed through the team's youth academy, being in only 15 youth games. He was then promoted to the senior team in 2016, at the age of 17. He did not play a lot in his first season at the club, but then he started to play more games in the next season. He became a mainstay in Dortmund and won the 2016–17 DFB-Pokal. He finished second in the first Kopa Trophy which is given to the best player under age 21 in 2018.

In January 2019, Pulisic was transferred to Chelsea that costed $73 million (£57.6 million) making him the most expensive North American player of all time. He began playing for the club in the 2019–20 season. He became the youngest Chelsea player to score a hat-trick, at 21 years old.With Chelsea, he won the 2020–21 UEFA Champions League, 2021 UEFA Super Cup and 2021 FIFA Club World Cup, becoming the youngest Chelsea player and first American to score in the Champions League semi-finals and the first American to play in the Champions League final.

Pulisic played for the United States at the under-15 and under-17 levels, before making his senior national team debut in March 2016 at age 17. He is the youngest player ever to captain the United States national team in the modern era. He helped the U.S. get to the final of the 2019 CONCACAF Gold Cup and won the first 2019–20 CONCACAF Nations League. Individually, he has won a U.S. Soccer Young Male Athlete of the Year award and three U.S. Soccer Male Athlete of the Year awards.

Borussia Dortmund

Chelsea

United States U17

United States

Individual

N. Scott Momaday

Navarre Scott Momaday (born February 27, 1934) is a Kiowa novelist, short story writer, essayist, and poet.

Momaday was born in Lawton, Oklahoma. He is a Native American of the Kiowa people. His early life and education happened on Navajo, Apache, and Jemez Pueblo reservations. He went to college at the University of New Mexico. He got his masters and doctoral degrees at Stanford University.

In 1969 his first novel, "House Made of Dawn", won the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction. He receved the National Medal of Arts in November 2007. In 2019 he was given the Richard C. Holbrooke Distinguished Achievement Award from the Dayton Literary Peace Prize. That award said, "Momaday speaks for the Earth, [seeing] the natural world as a sacred space and [telling] us that humans are a part of, not apart from that world."

Momaday's writing often mixes up fiction, poetry, and non-fiction. In "The Way to Rainy Mountain", he uses "Kiowa tribal and private stories, history and descriptions of the land, and drawings."

His books have been translated into French, German, Italian, Russian, Swedish, Japanese, and Spanish.


John Crowe Ransom

John Crowe Ransom (April 30, 1888 – July 3, 1974) was an American poet, teacher, literary critic, and essayist.

Ransom was born in Pulaski, Tennessee. He graduated from Vanderbilt University in 1909. Then he went to Oxford University. He was teaching at Vanderbilt around 1915 when a group of students began talking about Ameican life and the writing of that time. This group of young poets, like Robert Penn Warren, Allen Tate, and others, started a magazine called "The Fugitive". This began a new movement in Southern writing.

Ransom wrote poetry before 1927. After that, he wrote essays and books about the art of literature. His ideas were about the value of tradition. In 1937 he started teaching at Kenyon College in Gambier, Ohio. He started a literary magazine, "The Kenyon Review". In 1941 he published essays about literature in his book "The New Criticism". Many important poets were printed in "The Kenyon Review". Some of the first ones were John Berryman, Dylan Thomas, Muriel Rukeyser, and Allen Tate. In time it printed poems by John Ashbery, James Dickey, Anthony Hecht, James Merrill, Theodore Roethke, Wallace Stevens, and William Carlos Williams.



T-bone steak

The T-bone and porterhouse are cuts of beef. They are steaks that are cut from the short loin. The smaller part of a T-bone is called a filet mignon. They contain meat from two of the most expensive cuts of beef, and are said to be one of the highest quality steaks.

Lake City, Michigan

Lake City is a county seat of Missaukee County, Michigan, United States.

Stanton, Michigan

Stanton is a county seat of Montcalm County, Michigan, United States.

Atlanta, Michigan

Atlanta is the county seat of Montmorency County, Michigan, United States.

Clint, Texas

Clint is a town in El Paso County, Texas, United States.

Agua Dulce, El Paso County, Texas

Agua Dulce is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in El Paso County, Texas, United States.

Health and Social Care (Northern Ireland)

Health and Social Care (Northern Ireland) is the healthcare system in Northern Ireland, It was set up in 1948 at the same time as the National Health Service in Great Britain, It is different because it covers social care as well as health care. There are no prescription charges as there are in England. 

There are five health and social care trusts. They run the hospitals, dentistry, pharmacies and social care. They started on 1 April 2007.

The six trusts are:


There are about 350 GP practices in Northern Ireland.

The service in Northern Ireland is much worse than in the rest of the UK because of the political problems in the Northern Ireland Assembly. 

Bernard Longley

Bernard Longley (born 5 April 1955) is an English prelate of the Roman Catholic Church. He was named the Archbishop of Birmingham on 1 October 2009, and installed on 8 December 2009. Bishop Bernard Longley was born in Manchester, and went to New College, Oxford. He was ordained Bishop and appointed as an Auxiliary Bishop of the Diocese of Westminster on 24 January 2003.

Ta-Nehisi Coates

Ta-Nehisi Paul Coates (born September 30, 1975) is an American writer, journalist and graphic novelist.

Coates was born in Baltimore, Maryland. He went to Howard University in Washington, D. C.. After college he wrote for many different publications, including the "Village Voice", "Time", and "Entertainment Weekly". He was a regular writer for "The Atlantic" from 2008 until 2018.

In 2014 Coates wrote an essay that was read and talked about by many people, “The Case for Reparations.” In it he gave reasons for why African Americans should be paid back in some way for their economic difficulties caused by slavery in the United States. 

In 2015 Coates' non-fiction book "Between The World And Me" won the National Book Award. He received a MacArthur Fellowship in 2019.

He wrote the 25 issues of the graphic novel "Black Panther (2016-2018)".


Prescription charge

In the English National Health Service people between age 16 and 60 may have to pay a charge for prescribed medicine. The charge is £9.35 for each one. People can get a certificate which lasts for 3 months for £30.25, or one which lasts a year for £108.10. 

In April 2023 a new charge was started for Hormone Replacement Therapy. The new HRT prepayment certificate costs £19.30 a year. 

People dont have to pay if they are:


People who do not pay when they should can be punished. They may have to pay more than £100.

People with these conditions are given a medical exemption certificate. They dont have to pay for any prescriptions,


In 2008 only 12% of patients in England had to pay. The Prescription Charges Coalition campaigns for free prescriptions for everyone with a long term condition. The conditions which get free prescriptions had long-term life-saving medicine in 1968, and it has not been changed since then. The prescription charges rules were called a "dog's dinner" by the Social Market Foundation. The National Pharmacy Association says the charges mean some people dont take their medicine. They end up in hospital which costs more than the cost of a prescription. Healthwatch England asked 2000 people about costs in December 2022. 10% said the increased cost of living meant they did not get their prescription. 

When the NHS started in 1947 all prescriptions were free. Charges were started in 1952. They stopped in 1965 and were started again in 1968. They were stopped in Wales in 2007, in Northern Ireland in 2010 and in Scotland in 2011. 

Ray of Light (song)

"Ray of Light" is a 1998 song by American singer Madonna. It is the second single from her 7th studio album of the same name. It went to number 1 in Croatia, Greece and Spain, number 2 in the United Kingdom and Finland, number 3 in Canada, number 5 in Italy and the United States, number 6 in Australia and Hungary, number 9 in Iceland and New Zealand and number 16 in Ireland. It won 2 Grammy Awards in 1999 and was nominated for Song of the Year.







Krøyer's deep sea angler fish

Krøyer's deep sea angler fish ("Ceratias holboelli") is a species of fish in the family Ceratiidae, the sea devils. This deep-sea anglerfish is found in all oceans, at depths of 0 to 4,400 m (0 to 14,436 ft), but mainly between 400 and 2,000 m (1,300 and 6,600 ft). 

Females typically are 77 cm (2.53 ft) long, but can reach 120 cm (3.9 ft). The much smaller males only reach 16 cm (6.3 in) and they are symbiotic, as they attach themselves to a female.



Narendra Singh Negi

Narendra Singh Negi is a singer from Uttarakhand.

Narendra Singh Negi has been awarded the Sangeet Natak Akademi Award in Delhi on 9 April 2022.

Medical exemption

A medical exemption means that a person with a health problem does not have to do what other people have to do. Joining the army is a common example.

Mommy's Little Monster

Mommy's Little Monster may mean:

NHS Low Income Scheme

Medical treatment is free in the National Health Service but there are some charges and costs. The Low Income Scheme is to help with these costs. 

There are charges for prescriptions, wigs and fabric supports (only in England), dentistry, sight tests, glasses and contact lenses. It often costs money to travel to a hospital. 

People who get means tested benefits mostly are exempt from these charges. People who have to pay can get a certificate. An HC2 means they dont have to pay anything. An HC3 means they get some help. 

People who have more than £16,000 (£23,250 for people who live in a care home) cannot get a certificate. 

People who have a certificate, or are exempt from charges, can claim the cost of their travel to a hospital if they are sent there by a doctor. They normally claim at the hospital. They can get the cost of someone to come with them if they cannot travel alone. They can claim the cost of coming by car or taxi if they need one. They can claim a refund for what they paid for up to 3 months.Healthwatch England asked 2000 people in December 2022 about health costs. 10% said the increased cost of living meant they did not get their prescription. 15% did not go to the dentist. 

Healthwatch England

Healthwatch England was set up in 2013. It is part of the Care Quality Commission. Its job is to listen to NHS patients and people who use social care in England. There more than 150 local Healthwatches in England. They give patients advice and try to make services better. They can go into services to see what they are like. 

Louise Ansari is the national director. 

Care Quality Commission

The Care Quality Commission (CQC) is set up by the Department of Health and Social Care to check the quality of health and social care in England. It can go into hospitals, care homes, dentists,general practices and other care services, both public and private. It was started in 2009. The organisations they check have to pay. 

Services are rated on a four point scale: Outstanding, Good, Requires improvement and Inadequate. They are all listed on its website. 

Timo Werner

Timo Werner (; born 6 March 1996) is a German footballer. He plays as a striker for Bundesliga club RB Leipzig and the Germany national team.

Werner began his senior club career with VfB Stuttgart in 2013, becoming the club's youngest debutant and goalscorer. He signed with RB Leipzig in 2016, at 20 years old, for a used to be club record transfer of €10 million. He set the record as the youngest player to reach 150 and 200 appearances in the Bundesliga. Werner also finished as the league's second highest goalscorer in the 2019–20 season. After becoming Leipzig's all-time top goalscorer, Werner went to Chelsea in 2020 for a reported fee worth €50 million, winning the UEFA Champions League in his first season at the club. He later returned to Leipzig in August 2022 for a reported £25.3 million.

A German international, Werner was a skilled goalscorer at the youth international level for Germany, scoring 34 goals in 48 appearances across the different age group levels. Werner made his senior debut in 2017 and helped Germany win the 2017 FIFA Confederations Cup, winning the Golden Boot as the tournament's highest goalscorer. He also represented Germany at the 2018 FIFA World Cup and UEFA Euro 2020.

2023 compulsory mathematics plan

On January 3, 2023, Prime Minister of the United Kingdom Rishi Sunak announced that he would propose to make mathematics compulsory in schools until the age of 18.

Mathematics is compulsory on the curriculum for all pupils in England up to age 16, like in Spain.

Due to the COVID-19 pandemic, the teaching of mathematics had suffered the consequences of online education. General Certificate of Secondary Education poor results in mathematics over the past years was also a reason to promote this measure.

Rishi Sunak said in his speech:
In 2021, a University of Oxford study concluded that the lack of mathematics education after the age of 16 negatively affects adolescent brain and cognitive development.

Mathematician and biologist Kit Yates from the University of Bath said in The Guardian an that "Sunak’s plan for compulsory maths doesn’t add up".

Petr Pavel

Petr Pavel (; born 1 November 1961) is a Czech politician and former army general. Pavel is the President of the Czech Republic. He was Chairman of the NATO Military Committee from 2015 to 2018. He also was the Chief of the General Staff of the Czech Armed Forces from 2012 to 2015.

Beaver coins

Beaver Coins were gold coins made in Oregon in 1849. They were also known as Beaver Money. Their name comes from the beaver on the front of the coins. The currency contained 8% more gold than other coins from that same period of American history in the United States of America. Today these coins are rare and valuable.

After the creation of the Territory of Oregon, the mint that made the coins became privately owmed. It still made coins until Governor Joseph Lane said they this was unconstitutional in September 1849. Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution says that the mintage of coins is one of the powers of the Congress.) The opening of the United States Mint branch in San Francisco, California made many gold and silver U.S. currency available. This helped end the usage of the "Beaver Coins".

General practitioner

A general practitioner (GP) also called a family doctor or a primary care physician is a medical doctor who works outside of a hospital. They deal with all sorts of health problems. They often get to know families over a long time. This continuity is very important. In many countries they send people to see specialists. Away from towns they may have to deal with emergencies and deliver babies. They spend most of their time looking after illness in young children and old people.

In many countries general practitioners run their own small business. They are very important in rural medicine. 

The number of general practitioners increased from 15,000 in 1913 to 19,000 in 1938. 17.6 million people were registered with a GP in 1938 - about half of the population.

In December 2022 there were 36,622 permanent qualified GPs working in England - Full-time equivalent was 27,375. 69% worked between 15 and 37.5 hours a week. The COVID-19 pandemic in the United Kingdom changed the way they worked. Telephone and video was used much more. Some people were very unhappy about this and there were a lot more complaints. In Northumberland, Gosport, Wolverhampton and West Cheshire some of the GPs now work for the local hospital trust.

Numbers of GPs have been dropping for several years. Demographic change has led to “demand outstripping supply” with an increasing – and increasingly elderly – population putting immense pressure on GP services which have not expanded in the last ten years. In 2015, former Health Secretary Jeremy Hunt said he would recruit 5,000 more GPs by 2020. By 2024 number of fully qualified doctors at GP surgeries in England had fallen by 1,877. and the number of registered patients had increased by 11%.

In November 2022 more than 4,000 GPs in Madrid went on an ‘indefinite strike’. People had to wait a week to see a GP. They were each seeing ‘more than 50 or 60 patients’ in their working day.

NHS Scotland

NHS Scotland is of the four systems that make up the National Health Service in the United Kingdom. It has been separate since the NHS was started in 1948. Since 1999 it has become more different from England.
The budget was £15.3billion in 2020-21.
About 160,000 people work for the NHS in Scotland. There are14 regional NHS Boards, seven Special NHS Boards and one public health body,

It is setting up four new National Treatment Centres, in Kirkaldy, Larbert, Inverness and Clydebank. They will give extra capacity for hospital care, day case treatment and diagnostic services. The new ward at Larbert has 30 beds. It was built by Portakabin. There are two operating theatres and an MRI scanner. It should deliver 1,500 more operations each year.

NHS Near Me is a system which lets people see doctors and nurses using video. In 2022 it was used for 20,000 consultations every week; Connect Me lets people use their phone to manage their health needs from home. 

Volkswagen Arena

The Volkswagen Arena is a sports building in Wolfsburg, Lower Saxony, Germany. It is an all seater stadium that can seat 30,000 people. The stadium is named for the German automobile company Volkswagen. The company is also the owner of the club VfL Wolfsburg. They play their home matches at this stadium. During UEFA competitions, a stadium cannot be named after a sponsor Because of this, the stadium is called the VfL Wolfsburg Arena during UEFA competitions. 

The stadium was opened in 2002. It cost € 53,000,000 to build.

NHS Wales

NHS Wales is of the four systems that make up the National Health Service in the United Kingdom. It has been separate since 1999. It is the responsibility of the Welsh Minister for Health and Social Services. 

It has seven health boards and three NHS trusts.

It employs 81,044 staff, making it Wales's biggest employer. In April 2018 there were also 1,926 general practitioners working in Wales.

NHS England

NHS England manages the National Health Service in England. It was set up in October 2011. it is part of the Department of Health and Social Care. 
Simon Stevens was the Chief Executive from 2014 to 2021. Amanda Pritchard then took over. In October 2022 she told told local NHS leaders that “the money is a f**king nightmare”.

In 2016 it divided England into 44 areas. They have now become 42 integrated care systems.

It had a budget of £129.9 billion in 2020-21. Most of the money was given to the local clinical commissioning groups but the 154 most specialized services were managed by them. The start of integrated care systems meant that some of this work could be managed in these larger areas. In 2023 it plans to give the money, £13 billion, for 59 services to 9 committees of integrated care systems. The rest of the £23 billion for specialised services will still be managed by NHS England. 

Cornufer adiastolus

Cornufer adiastolus is a frog. It lives on New Britain Island in Papua New Guinea. Scientists found this frog in the Wanui River Valley, 310 meters above sea level.

Shigechiyo Izumi

Shigechiyo Izumi (? - 21 February 1986) was a Japanese Centenarian who was recognised as the oldest living person in the world after the death of Niwa Kawamoto on 16 November 1976. Izumi's claimed birthdate of 29 June 1865 was accepted by Guinness World Records, which recognised him as the oldest verified man ever, but in the 2012 edition of the Guinness World Records book, he was not mentioned and was replaced with Christian Mortensen.

After a brief hospitalization, he died of pneumonia at 9:15PM (Japanese UTC) on 21 February 1986 at the age 120, although some claim his birth certificate belonged to a deceased brother. And his family might have used "Shigechiyo" as a necronym.

Obituaries were found of a centenarian with the exact same name but born in 1880 instead of 1865.

The oldest undisputed case of male longevity is Jiroemon Kimura, also from Japan, who died on June 12 2013 aged 116 years and 54 days.


Suresh Canagarajah

Athelstan Suresh Canagarajah is a linguist. He is Edwin Erle Sparks Professor of Applied linguistics, English, and Asian studies at Pennsylvania State University. He has been a professor there since 2007. He researches World Englishes and teaching English to speakers of other languages. He has published works on translingualism, translanguaging, linguistic imperialism, and social and political issues in language education. His book, "Translingual Practice: Global Englishes and Cosmopolitan Relations," has won three nationally recognized best book awards. 

He is a Tamil person. Canagarajah was born in Sri Lanka.





Korpiklaani

Korpiklaani (Finnish: ) is a Finnish folk metal band. The band was made in Lahti as the Shamaani Duo in 1993. It was also named Shaman. Jonne Järvelä is the only person who has stayed in the band since it was made. He is the singer and guitar player for the band.

Korpiklaani started as a folk music group named the Shamaani Duo. It was made by Järvelä and singer Maaren Aikio. When Aikio left, Järvelä renamed the group to Shaman. He started making folk metal instead of folk music. They made two albums, then the band's name changed again to Korpiklaani. They joined Napalm Records (a record label) and made more music.

The band's first album to go onto many national music charts was "Tervaskanto". It was released in 2007. All of the band's albums since "Tervaskanto" have been onto many national music charts, such as charts in Finland, Germany, and Switzerland. The band's most successful album is "Jylhä." It was released in 2021. The band's current members are Järvelä, guitar player Kalle Savijärvi, bass player Jarkko Aaltonen, accordion player Sami Perttula, and drummer Samuli Mikkonen.

The band mixes folk music and metal music by using metal music instruments, such as the electric guitar and bass guitar, with folk music instruments, such as the lute, accordion, and torupill. The band also uses singing that sounds similar to joiking. Joiking is a type of Finnish folk singing. The band's lyrics are often about old Finnish religions.

Korpiklaani started in 1993, with the name Shamaani Duo. It was made by Jonne Järvelä. Shamaani Duo made folk music, with no heavy metal. The group was inspired by folk music made by the Sámi. They played most of their music in a restaurant in the Lapland. The restaurant was named Hullu Poro. In 1996, they released an album named "Hunka Lunka". This album had folk music on it. It used a type of folk singing called joiking, which the Sámi used.

After making the album, one of the members of Shamaani Duo left the band. Her name was Maaren Aikio. She was one of the singers. After she left, Järvelä changed the band's name to Shaman.

Shaman was made in 1997. It made music that was heavier than the music Shamaani Duo made. The band's music had lyrics that were spoken in the Sámi language. Many things from folk music were still used in Shaman's music, such as joiking.

The band made a demo song in 1999. It was named "Ođđa máilbmi" ("New World" in Sami). The song was put on the band's first album. The album was named "Idja". It was released on January 8, 1999. The band made a second album in 2002. It was named "Shamániac."

The band changed again in 2003. The band's new name was Korpiklaani. The only members of the band that were from Shaman were Järvelä and drummer Samu Ruotsalainen. The band's music changed to sound more similar to folk metal and thrash metal. The band stopped singing in the Sami language. They also started using real folk instruments. Järvelä has said that the band started making more heavy metal music because he worked with Finntroll. Finntroll is another folk metal band.

Korpiklaani joined a record label named Napalm Records. In Korpiklaani's first albums, the lyrics were mostly in English. Some of the music had lyrics in Finnish. However, their later albums have more music in Finnish than English. Members of Korpiklaani and Finntroll have worked together many times. Ruotsalainen has played the drums with both bands. Järvelä has also done joiking for some of Finntroll's music.

The band's first album to go onto Finland's national music chart was "Voice of Wilderness". It was the band's second album. It was released in 2005. After "Voice of Wilderness", all of the band's albums have been on national music charts. In 2008, Korpiklaani joined Nuclear Blast. This was a different record label. Their first album with Nuclear Blast was named "Korven Kuningas" (2008).

In 2011, the band released "Ukon Wacka". This album went to the number 9 place on Finland's music chart. Later in 2011, the band said Jaakko Lemmetty was leaving Korpiklaani. This was because he was having health problems. Lemmetty played many folk instruments for the band. Tuomas Rounakari replaced him.







Percomorpha

The Percomorpha (from Latin "perca" 'perch', and Ancient Greek μορφή "(morphḗ)" 'shape, appearance') are a large clade of ray-finned fish. It includes the tunas, seahorses, gobies, cichlids, flatfish, wrasses, perches, anglerfish, and pufferfish.

Moon wrasse

The moon wrasse (Thalassoma lunare), also known as the crescent wrasse or lyretail wrasse, is a species of wrasse native to the Indian Ocean and the western Pacific Ocean. It is an inhabitant of coral reefs and surrounding areas at depths from 1 to 20 m (3.3 to 65.6 ft). 

Moon wrasses are carnivores and tend to prey on fish eggs and small sea-floor dwelling invertebrates. This species can reach 45 cm (18 in) in total length. It is part of the aquarium trade.

The juvenile is blue on the lower half of its body, with a black spot in the middle of the dorsal fin and a black spot on the caudal fin base. As it matures, the black blotch transforms into a yellow crescent.

The body is green, with prominently marked scales. The head's color ranges from blue to magenta, with a broken checkerboard pattern.


Checkerboard

A checkerboard (American English) or chequerboard (British English) is a board game of checkered pattern on which checkers is played. Most commonly, it has 64 squares (8×8) of alternating dark and light color, typically green and buff (official tournaments), black and red (consumer commercial), or black and white (printed diagrams).

Odacidae

The Odacidae are a small family of ray-finned fishes formerly classified within the order Perciformes, commonly known as cales, and weed whitings. They are related to the much larger families of the wrasses and parrotfish. More recent workers have classified this family within the order Labriformes, alongside the wrasses and parrotfishes, within the clade Percomorpha.

The following genera are classified in the family Odacidae:



Blue weed whiting

The blue weed whiting ("Haletta semifasciata") is a species of ray-finned fish, a weed whiting from the family Odacidae, which is endemic to Australia where it is only found along the southern coast.

Rainbow cale

The rainbow cale ("Heteroscarus acroptilus") is a species of weed whiting endemic to Australia where it is found in marine waters along the southern coast.


Little weed whiting

The little weed whiting ("Neoodax balteatus") is a species of ray-finned fish, a weed whiting from the family Odacidae which is endemic to Australia. It occurs along the Southern Australian coast, including Tasmania. 

It is Least Concern. 

Southern Australia

The term Southern Australia refers to New South Wales, Victoria, Tasmania, the Australian Capital Territory and South Australia. It is defined as having latitude of 26 degrees and below.

Southern Australia covers about 50% of Australia but it has around 75% of Australia's population.

The region has diverse industries that contribute to its economy and exports. Mining is a significant focus in Southern Western Australia, while Victoria and New South Wales prioritize manufacturing, tourism, and finance. Tasmania and South Australia primarily concentrate on manufacturing as well.

Rock Star

Rock Star or Rockstar may refer to:


Odax

Odax is a genus of marine ray-finned fish, weed whitings from the family Odacidae which are native to the Pacific waters of New Zealand.

There are currently two recognized species in this genus:



Richard Powers

Richard Powers (born June 18, 1957) is an American novelist. His writing often shows the ways modern science and technology make life different.

Powers was born in Evanston, Illinois. His father was a high school principal. As a boy he lived in Bangkok, Thailand for five years while his father worked at the International School. In 1975 he went to college at the University of Illinois. He started studying physics but changed to English. He finished a masters degree in 1979. He moved to Boston in 1980 to do computer programming. One day, at Boston's Museum of Fine Art, he saw a photo by August Sander of three young men. In two days he quit his job and started writing his first novel, "Three Farmers on Their Way to a Dance". That book was praised by many reviewers.

Powers received a MacArthur Fellowship in 1989. In 2006 his novel "The Echo Maker" won the National Book Award. "The Overstory" won the Pulitzer Prize for Fiction in 2019. As of 2023, Powers has written thirteen novels.


Herring cale

The herring cale ("Olisthops cyanomelas") is a species of ray-finned fish, a weed whiting from the family Odacidae which is endemic to Australia where it is found along the southern and southeastern coast.


Siphonognathus

Siphonognathus is a genus of ray-finned fish, weed whitings in the family Odacidae which are endemic to Southern Australian coastal waters. They are sometimes called tube-finned fish, thanks to their tubular appearance. These fish are characterized by their extremely elongate bodies and live primarily in seagrass beds.

There are currently six recognized species in this genus:


They were formerly placed in separate genera. They placed "S. attentuatus", "S. beddomei", "S. radiatus" and "S. tanyourus" in the separate genus "Sheardichthys" and "S. caninis" on the monospecific genus "Parodax", leaving "Siphonognathus" as a monospecific genus containing only the tubemouth ("S. argyrophanes").

Tubemouth

The tubemouth ("Siphonognathus argyrophanes") is a species of ray-finned fish, a weed whiting from the family Odacidae. It is endemic to the southern coasts of Australia.

The tubemouth has an elongated, needle-like body. The long-based dorsal fin is low and the shorter anal fin sits below the posterior third of the dorsal fin. It lacks pelvic fins.

It's very unique in its form that it was considered that this "Siphonognathus" was once described as a cornetfish.

The tubemouth is endemic to southern Australia where it can be found from Geraldton in Western Australia southwards and then along the southern coast of Australia to the Gippsland Lakes in Victoria and Tasmania.

The tubemouth occurs in sheltered areas where there is a dense growth of posidonias.


Bluefinned butterfish

The bluefinned butterfish ("Odax cyanoallix") is a species of marine ray-finned fish, a weed whiting from the family Odacidae. It is found in shallow reef areas where brown seaweed is abundant.



Greenbone

The greenbone ("Odax pullus") is a species of ray-finned fish, a weed whiting from the family Odacidae, which is found around New Zealand. It is also known as the butterfish. This kind of fish belongs to the genus "Odax".

It has a variety of nicknames such as butterfish, weed whiting, or false wrasse. It is also called the common weed whiting because it is the type species of the genus "Odax".


Wahoo

Wahoo ("Acanthocybium solandri") is a scombrid fish found worldwide in tropical and subtropical seas. It is best known to sports fishermen, as its speed and high-quality flesh makes it a prized and valued game fish. In Hawaii, the wahoo is known as ono." The species is sometimes called hoo" in the United States.

Wahoo is also a term for excitement.



Cristovomer (disambiguation)

Cristovomer is a subgenus of fish and may refer to:


Cagayan de Oro

Cagayan de Oro (CDO), officially the City of Cagayan de Oro (; ), is a large city in the Northern Mindanao region of the Philippines. It is the capital of the Misamis Oriental province. In the 2020 census, 728,402 people lived in the city.
Cagayan de Oro is also the center of business in Northern Mindanao. It is part of the Metropolitan Cagayan de Oro area. This area includes the city of El Salvador, the towns of Opol, Alubijid, Laguindingan, Gitagum, Lugait, Naawan, Initao, Libertad and Manticao at the western side, It also includes the towns of Tagoloan, Villanueva, Jasaan, Claveria and Balingasag at the eastern side.

Cagayan de Oro is on the north central coast of Mindanao island. It faces Macajalar Bay. The city is bordered by the municipalities of Opol to the west, Tagoloan to the east, and the provinces of Bukidnon and Lanao del Norte to the south of the city. According to the 2020 census, the city was the 10th most populous city in the Philippines.

Puerto Princesa

Puerto Princesa, officially the City of Puerto Princesa (Cuyonon: "Siyudad i'ang Puerto Princesa"; ), is a 1st class highly urbanized city in the Mimaropa region of the Philippines. In the 2020 census, 307,079 people lived there.

The city is in the western Philippine province of Palawan. It is the westernmost city in the Philippines. It is the capital for the province, but the city is one of 38 independent cities in the Philippines that are not controlled by the province in which it is in. Because of this, it is is an independent area in Palawan.

The city is the least densely populated city in the Philippines. It has a population density of 110 inhabitants per square kilometre (280/square mile). The city is the second largest geographically. It has an area of . Puerto Princesa is the location of the Philippines' Western Command headquarters.

Puerto Princesa is a tourist city. It has many beach resorts and seafood restaurants. It has been been called the cleanest and greenest city in the Philippines.

Puerto Princesa City is made up of 66 Barangays. Of these. 35 are urban and 31 are rural.

1993–94 Austrian Cup

The 1993-94 Austrian Cup was Austria's nationwide football cup competition. FC Wacker Innsbruck were the defending champions.

Franz Wohlfahrt – Anton Pfeffer, Walter Kogler, Manfred Zsak, Arminas Narbekovas, Christian Prosenik, Peter Stöger, Thomas Flögel, Manfred Schmid (85. Jürgen Kauz), Ralph Hasenhüttl, Marcus Pürk (72. Attila Sekerlioglu) <br>coach: Josef Hickersberger
Thomas Laschinger – Yasin Alkan, Jürgen Werner, Harald Gschnaidtner, Boris Pozdnyakov, Marinko Ivšić, Ivica Duspara, Manfred Seber (46. Helmut Zeller), Roland Huspek, Ronald Brunmayr, Christian Stumpf (81. Mario Dorner) <br>coach: Walter Knaller

Walter Knaller

Walter Knaller (born 24 October 1957) was an Austrian football striker and later manager.

He started his career with SV Feldkirchen and Amateure St. Veit in Carinthia. From 1980 to 1990 Knaller was active in the Austrian Bundesliga for Admira Wacker Mödling. The he moved to FC Linz. In 1992 he played for VfB Mödling. His last club was Kremser FC.

Knaller began his coaching career at FC Admira Wacker. In July 1993 he moved to FC Linz. With FC Linz he reached the Cupfinal 1994. But after just one year he moved back to FC Admira Wacker. In November 1997 he moved to SK Austria Klagenfurt. With Klagenfurt he reached the promotion to second division of the Bundesliga. In January 2002 he was again active as a coach at FC Admira Wacker Mödling. In April 2008 he became the sports director at the youth academy of Admira.

From September 19, 2013 to April 6, 2015, Walter Knaller was head coach of FC Admira Wacker Mödling. After the amicable separation from Admira, he went to Rapid Vienna as a youth coach. In 2021 he started as junior coach at FC Admira Wacker Mödling.

Walter Knaller's brothers, Wolfgang Knaller, Erich Knaller, Werner Knaller, Hermann Knaller and Bernhard Knaller, and his nephew Marco Knaller are also football players or coaches.

Slender weed whiting

The slender weed whiting ("Siphonognathus attenuatus") is a species of ray-finned fish, a weed whiting in the family Odacidae which is endemic to Southern Australian coastal waters.


Integrated care system

An integrated care system is part of the National Health Service in England. There are 42. Most of them cover the area of a county. The number of people in each one goes from 500,000 to more than 3 million. 

This is an effort to join up different services. Many are setting up electronic health records which will cover all the health and social care organisations in their area. 
They were started in 2019. In 2022 they were given legal powers. This is the latest way of dividing the country into areas. They are managed by NHS England. 

Each one has an integrated care partnership which includes the local governments. It has an integrated care board. That has to plan and pay for most NHS services in the area. 

There is also an integrated care partnership with wider membership. They have to develop a health and care strategy for the area.

In October 2022 most of them were forecasting that they would not be able to balance their books. 

Pipil people

The Pipil people are several culturally related Mesoamerican ethnic groups of the western and central areas of present-day El Salvador. They migrated from Mexico to El Salvador around the 8th century A.D. They speak the Nawat language, but only a few speakers still exist.

Their cosmology was related to that of the Toltec, Maya, and Lenca people.

Lenca

The Lenca are indigenous people from Southwest Honduras and Eastern El Salvador who once spoke various dialects, but now only a few remain. They are the largest tribal group in Honduras, with a population of over 450,000.

2000 Algarve Cup

The 2000 Algarve Cup was the seventh Algarve Cup. The Algarve Cup is a women's association football tournament. It happened between 12 and 18 March in 2000. The games were played in Portugal. The United States won the event. Norway won second place. China was third.

Manfred Zsak

Manfred Zsak (born 22 December 1964 in Mödling) is a former Austrian footballer . He played as midfielder or defender mainly for FC Admira Wacker Mödling and FK Austria Wien. He also played for the Austrian national football team. He was part of the Austrian team at the 1990 FIFA World Cup.

Zsak started his professional career at Admira Wacker and moved to Austria Wien. He stayed with them for almost 10 years. Most of his period at Austria he was also captain. In 1996, he moved to GAK but left them after only a month and three matches to join FC Linz. He returned to his now renamed first team VfB Admira Wacker Mödling and suffered relegation with them to the second division in 1998. Altogether he played 408 first division games. He finished his career playing for lower league outfits SV Schwechat, ASK Bad Vöslau and SV Rust.

He made his debut for Austria in October 1986 versus Albania. He was a participant at the 1990 FIFA World Cup. He earned 49 caps, scoring 5 goals. He ended his international career at a May 1993 World Cup qualification match against Finland. 

After completing his UEFA professional license in 2004, a year later he became youth national coach of the U16 team, then the U21. Then he was assistant coach for the Austrian senior team. After that he was coach of different Austrian youth teams.



2023 North Korea respiratory disease outbreak

An ongoing respiratory disease outbreak in North Korea in 2023, According to the NK News that the reports came from, the North Korean government has imposed a strict five-day lockdown in the capital city of Pyongyang due to the spread of unknowing respiratory illness.

On 25, January 2023 the respiratory illness occured in the capital of Pyongyang, The notice did not mention Covid but said that the illnesses currently spreading in the capital included the common cold, the report said.

The government order comes a day after NK News, citing sources in Pyongyang, reported that people in the city appeared to be stocking up on goods in anticipation of a lockdown.

It is unclear if other areas have imposed similar lockdowns, and state media has not announced any new measures.


Dorothy Richardson

Dorothy Miller Richardson (17 May 1873 – 17 June 1957) was a British novelist and journalist.

Richardson was born in 1873. At first she went to a private school for girls. But in 1890 she had to leave school because her father had money trouble. After that she worked at some teaching jobs in Germany and London. She took care of her mother who suffered from depression and killed herself in 1895. 

Richardson became a secretary in a dentist's office and lived in Bloomsbury. She met the writer H. G. Wells and they began an affair. This led to pregnancy and a miscarriage. In 1908 she left London and moved to a farm that was owned by a Quaker friend. In 1914 she wrote two books about Quakers.

From 1908 to 1912, she wrote for "The Saturday Review". In 1912 she started writing "Pointed Roofs". This novel was the first of thirteen books that became the group called "Pilgrimage". In 1917 Richardson married a young artist, Alan Odle.

In her novels Richardson found a way of writing that readers thought was something new. In a review of "Pointed Roofs", May Sinclair called Richardson's writing "stream of consciousness." This was the first time that well-known phrase was used about literature.

In 1923 Virginia Woolf described one sentence from "Revolving Lights" in this way: "It is a woman's sentence, but only in the sense that it is used to describe a woman's mind by a writer who is neither proud nor afraid of anything that she may discover in the psychology of her sex."

Richardson died in a nursing home in Kent, England in 1957.


NHS Digital

NHS Digital was in charge of information systems for the National Health Service in England. It was set up in 2005. In February 2023 it was taken over by NHS England. 

It ran the "Spine service" for the NHS. That is a secure system for records about people treated by the NHS in England. This is needed for the Electronic Prescription Service, the Summary Care Record, the hospital appointment system and the Child Protection - Information Sharing system.

It produced a lot of statistics and ran the NHS website.

Krishnavanshi

The term Krishnavanshi refers to a person belonging to Yadav (Ahir) caste of India. The Krishnavanshi means belonging to the Krishna line of descent. All Ahirs (Yadavs) equally descend from Krishna and hence are all Krishnavanshi (or Yaduvanshi). The Krishnavanshi social category is at times interchangeable with the Yaduvanshi title (both define a ‘Yadav’ of higher pedigree and pure descent).

Some Surnames Used by Krishnavanshis are Yadav/ Rai/Ray/Rawat/Raut/Gwala/krishnvanshi

National Institute for Health and Care Excellence

The National Institute for Health and Care Excellence (NICE) is part of the Department of Health and Social Care. It was set up in 1999 under Tony Blair. It was first called National Institute for Clinical Excellence. It studies the costs and effect of medical treatment. The NHS in England and Wales has to give patients the treatments it recommends. Companies sometimes lower their prices to get their treatments accepted. It tests ways of treating different diseases.

It uses quality-adjusted life years (QALYs) as a way of measuring the cost-effectiveness of treatments. This measures not just length of life but quality of life.

In 2012 it was asked to include social care in its work. 

Grand Canyon of the Yellowstone

The Grand Canyon of the Yellowstone is the first large canyon on the Yellowstone River below Yellowstone Falls in Yellowstone National Park in Wyoming. The canyon is about long, between deep and from wide.


23 (song)

"23" is a hip-hop song by American record producer and rapper Mike Will Made It. It also features American musicians Wiz Khalifa, Miley Cyrus, and Juicy J. It was released on September 10, 2013 by Interscope Records. The song is set to a midtempo beat. The lyrics mention Air Jordan Sneakers and recreational drug abuse.

"23" recieved mixed reviews from music critics. They were prevalent through its production and Cyrus' rapping ability. It peaked at number 11 on the US Billboard Hot 100. A music video for the song was released on August 26, 2013. It was premiered on Vevo on September 24, 2013.

List of applied linguistics journals

This is a list of academic journals about applied linguistics in English.


TESOL Journal

The TESOL Journal is a quarterly peer-reviewed academic journal about theory and research about teaching English to speakers of other languages (TESOL). Wiley-Blackwell publishes it for the TESOL International Association. The journal was edited by Kanavillil Rajagopalan (University of Campinas), Margo DelliCarpini (The City University of New York), and Joy Egbert (Washington State University) (2015-2018).


